1: This R script defines two functions. The first one counts the occurrence of specific numbers in layers from an input list and returns their
2: This R script defines the `get_UKB` sum stats path by specifying two parameters - Reference and Sex. It
3: This R script defines the 'recall' as part of machine learning evaluation. It takes in confusion matrix values and calculates
4: This R script defines the 'ndot' or "n dot" operation as an anonymous vectorized version of some mathematical formula
5: This R script defines the 'spin factor' as J divided by Mc. The input parameters are angular momentum quantum number "J
6: This R script defines the 'filterClaimsByDate' as an inline filtering of data based on date range. It takes
7: This R script defines the 'toUpper' custom method that converts any given string into uppercase letters by using built
8: This R script defines the 'vecDiv' as an anonymous vector division. It takes two arguments - one is numeric type
9: This R script defines the 'validateDictionary' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments - `
10: This R script defines the 'npt' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes one argument, `X`
11: This R script defines the 'luminance' as an RGB to grayscale conversion formula, using weights of �
12: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'cbsa to location id' as follows. It takes in one argument
13: This is an R programming language implementation of the `cloudTrails` root account usage filter, which checks whether each record in
14: This is an R programming solution to the problem of counting ways you can climb stairs with at most 3 steps. It uses
15: This R script defines the 'function' named "confience to level". It takes one argument, which is called `"
16: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'increment' operation on pairs. It takes in two elements from
17: This R script defines the 'modifyString' custom functions that replaces part of an input string with another specified substitution
18: This R script defines the 'calculate_JOURNAL VOLUMES' as an anonymous or lambda style
19: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input argument 'lines' contains certain keywords. It returns TRUE when any
20: This R script defines the 'convert units' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments - properties and
21: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") functional object named "abo event probs". It takes two parameters '
22: This is an implementation of the ToFFOLI gate in Python. It takes three inputs and returns 4 possible outputs based
23: This R script defines the 'stdr' as an anonymous or inline operation that calculates standardized values from frequency vectors.
24: This R script defines an anonymous functions that converts hexadecimal RGB colors to their decimal equivalents. The input should
25: This R script defines the `build model` with different parameters and returns it as an object named "list". The purpose of
26: This R script defines the recursive parsing of finger prints from different classes including character vectors and lists/ tuples using
27: This R script defines the 'is.dir' custom method to check if an object has more than one link, which indicates
28: This R script defines the 'get package' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - ```````. The first
29: This R script defines the 'latitude' formating helper. It takes in an input value and returns it as formatted string
30: This R script defines the `check_if`function that checks whether an input string is likely to be OP Return. It
31: This R script defines and uses the 'join tag' functionality to combine two strings into one string with '-'. The first argument
32: This R script defines and tests the `convertSuccesionPrecedence` list to string converter with NULL input handling
33: This R script defines the 'noneOrStr' custom method that checks whether an input is NULL or equal to string literal of
34: This R script defines the 'to.unweigthed population' as an anonymous or lambda style, one line
35: This R script defines the Vandepol system of differential equations using two parameters 'Y' and time variable T along
36: This R script defines the 'check's whether an object is in danger based on its position. It checks both rows and
37: This R programming script defines the 'hexagonal life' game. It takes two arguments - whether an individual cell is alive and
38: This R programming script defines the 'calc_sam... is used to calculate same padding in convolutional neural networks by taking
39: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to replace spaces in input strings with non breaking HTML entities, &amp #
40: This R script defines and uses the 'make_JINA' to append ". j ina 2" extension on
41: This R script defines the 'del' as an anonymous/unnamed 4 argument mathematical operation. It calculates and returns
42: This R script defines the 'scalerc' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "x
43: This R script defines the 'calc_sellout' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates
44: This R script defines the `format training conf` as two lists with specific configurations. The main input is 'configuration' which
45: This R script calculates the normalized root mean square deviation between two numbers or vectors of numerical data using an equation that takes into
46: This R script defines the `check compatibility` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if specific string pattern exists in
47: This R script defines and uses an inline conversion from feet to meters using the formula "feets*conversion factor". The
48: This R script defines the 'piePercent' custom user defined functions that calculates and returns percentage of one part in relation
49: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input 'File' object has attribute "tty". If it does
50: This R script defines the 'uppercase first letter' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
51: This R script defines the 'clean' functions that replaces all non alphanumeric characters in input string with underscore
52: This R script defines an interpolation method called 'lerp' that takes three arguments. The two vectors of equal length are
53: This R script defines the 'mutable' version of `second` in an array by replacing its maximum value with NaN and
54: This R script defines the 'get home page' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, pkg. It returns
55: This is an R programming language implementation of the Bayesian updating formula used in decision theory. It calculates and returns support based
56: This R script defines the 'vocabulary' as an anonymous or inline defined ‘function’ that takes one argument,
57: This R script defines the 'decimalIsolator' which isolates specific number of digits after decimals from
58: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{funcname}``. It takes as input an argument called
59: This R script defines the 'get item absolute limit' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - page
60: This R script defines the `tikzNode` custom functions that generates Tex commands to draw nodes at specific coordinates with optional labels
61: This R script checks if the input movie's name exists in an array of known titles. It returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
62: This R script defines the 'title' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - "Message" and “UnderLine
63: This R script defines the 'minimum_swap's()`function. It takes an array as input and returns how many
64: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions that splits command strings into their keywords. The first keyword is returned from each
65: This R script defines the `compare numbers`. It takes in two numerical values and compares them based on specified criterion ("
66: This R script defines the 'ampPhToComp' as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes two arguments -
67: This R script defines the 'printAtomSwap' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
68: This R script defines the 'do training' custom method. It compares two sets of results and checks whether there are at
69: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'function' named "isValidWageAmount". It takes two arguments - w
70: This R script defines the 'check input' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument, def
71: This R script defines the 'prepare_expands' as an argument preparation tool. It takes two inputs - one is user
72: This R script defines the `add white space end`. It takes in two arguments - an input character vector and desired total
73: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if the object passed to it has method '`. @
74: This R script defines the 'flat' version of an input list. It does so by iterating over each element ('for
75: This R script defines the 'rev' functions that takes in an angle as input and returns its equivalent value between [0,
76: This R script defines the `roundList` custom user defined functions that takes an input list and rounds each element to specified number
77: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of 'disemboweling' or removing vowels from text. It uses
78: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom checker that checks whether the lower limit is greater/equal to upper one and
79: This R programming script defines the recursive conversion of continued fractions to decimal numbers. It takes as input an array or list
80: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named `"`. It takes one argument, called
81: This R script defines the 'myMin' as an anonymous or inline custom defined minimum value finder. It takes one argument
82: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument 'x'. It extracts the name and
83: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of 'dispatch' or routing mechanism. It takes as input the result object and
84: This R script defines the 'plural' s()`function. It checks whether an input value is greater than 0
85: This R script defines the 'parseVid' custom method which takes in an input string of length at least six characters and
86: This R script defines an anonymous functions that extracts the 'Visitors' column from dataframe "parse".  The extracted
87: This R script defines the 'function' named `baseName`. It takes in one argument called ‘filename’ and
88: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the path of HTTP requests and returns its corresponding endpoint. It removes any tra
89: This R script generates an XML robot model using the xACRO format by wrapping it within '&lt;Robot
90: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in text data as its argument. It checks whether the string "Django"
91: This R script defines the 'get fish x n y' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes four parameters
92: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical concept "average" as defined by two numbers. It takes in parameters
93: This R script defines the 'remove dollar' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 argument numerics returning functions that removes all
94: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.uppercase' functionality, which checks if all characters in
95: This R script defines and uses the 'maybe zero' custom functions that replaces very small numbers with zeros. The input
96: This is an adjustment algorithm that uses the learning rate to adjust weights based on difference between desired and actual output values of input data
97: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of 'get data source' named "function". It takes one argument, the
98: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'undersample' method that checks if either of the input parameters is less than
99: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input 'records' match with at least one pattern from given list
100: This R script defines and uses the 'hh_m m s'function to convert seconds into hours minutes & secs format
101: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'judge' function. It takes two arguments - metric and cut
102: This R script defines the `normalize` or "clean" column names. It takes in an input string, converts
103: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-"  and assigns it to convert Hexad
104: This R script defines the `parseTestLine` method which splits an input string into two parts by semicolon (;
105: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'function' named "Integerizer". It takes two arguments - `"number",
106: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom formatting/conversion of numerical values to strings with two decimal places and comma
107: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'aq'. It takes in one argument - `'String`
108: This R script defines and uses the `convert_InputToCssName`function. It takes an argument, converts
109: This R script defines the 'transform_big' as an anonymous transformation that reduces big values by dividing them with one hundred
110: This R script defines the 'unit' splitting functionality. It takes as input an argument called "traces", which is expected
111: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether all elements of the input vector are properly formatted as IOBs. It returns
112: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{func}``. It takes an argument called ``{}arg
113: This R script defines the 'compare two dictionaries' functionality. It compares keys and values of ‘dictionary’
114: This R script defines the 'function' named "Clean Line". The purpose of it is to remove new lines, angle br
115: This R script defines the 'function' named "Points Interpolation". It takes two sets of coordinates ('Point Sets')
116: This R script defines an anonymous comparison/validation method that checks whether the opening and corresponding closure brackets are of matching types.
117: This R script defines the 'is.CUBIC' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if any given number equals
118: This is an R programming language implementation of the `getTenantsVerify` method. It checks whether given tenant name matches either
119: This R script defines the 'cleanDirName' custom method. It takes an input string, which is expected to be directory
120: This R script defines the 'as list' custom method which takes an argument and returns it in form of either NULL, symbol
121: This R script defines the 'get_mulitple's Query Function'. It takes two arguments - `"li
122: This R script defines the 'Sign Exp' which takes an expression and signs as inputs. It splits up each character of
123: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'is.event' that checks if the input number ('n') has no remainder
124: This R script defines an 'inverse_berv' custom calculation that takes in two parameters; wavelenght and
125: This R script defines the 'occurrence's()`function which counts how many times an input word appears within one
126: This R script defines and uses the 'paste' to concatenates URLs with protein ID numbers from an input list of such
127: This is an example of complex boolean logic with partial constants and false end. It checks if the number 'b' lies between
128: This R script defines the 'stripLibrary' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes in one argument called "
129: This R script defines the 'wrap' wrapper around an input number to ensure it stays within specified dimensions. It subtracts
130: This R script defines an SQL naming convention. It replaces all spaces in the input string with underscores and changes
131: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable greetings message. It takes in one argument 'greet' and if
132: This R script defines the 'valid.passwords', which checks if an inputted string is at least 8 characters long
133: This R script defines the 'guess keys' as returning names of first element in data.  It is used to identify
134: This R script defines the 'function' named "YYtoY" that takes an input argument called `xx`. It
135: This R script defines the quadratic loss or mean squared error calculation between two vectors of values. It is commonly used in machine
136: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'onImage' method. It checks whether given coordinates are within image boundaries by
137: This R script defines the 'factorial' as an anonymous recursive, which calculates and returns nth number of its
138: This R script defines the 'safeStr' or `Safe Strings', which is used to generate clean strings from input string
139: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom calculation in which it calculates and returns 'Stochastic Relative Return
140: This R script defines the 'cleanBibItemString' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, which is expected
141: This is an R programming language script that defines and executes the addition of two integers. The inputs are 'a' &
142: This R script defines the Newton's method to compute square root. It takes an input number 'X', and iteratively
143: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions that takes in the variable 'Humidty' as input and returns
144: This R script defines the 'isRepoUrl' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if first character in
145: This R script defines an anonymous ("anti vowels") that removes all the lowercase and upper case English alphabet "V
146: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'aRecord' as creating and formatting data into tabular form.
147: This R script defines the `fullName` as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument - "apps
148: This R script defines the 'linear decay' as an exponentially decreasing value over given period. It takes in parameters such starting
149: This R script defines the 'hasPassedAllTestCases' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes
150: This R script defines the 'pre_processing' or similar name, which takes an input of "Image" and multiplies
151: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument "articles". It extracts the attributes of articles named as
152: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `combine log messages`. It takes in one argument called "
153: This line of R script checks if the given 'point' is within specified rectangular area defined by its top left corner ('rx
154: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in string input and returns the remainder of it after removing its first character. It
155: This R script defines an anonymous functions that truncates timestamps to the start of each day by subtracting from them their
156: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the number of ways you can reach nth stair by climbing either one or two steps
157: This R script defines the 'function' named ``````` to convert date filter rules into SQL expressions based on different types
158: This R script defines the 'blob' text as an anonymous functions that reads each filename in input and combines them into one string
159: This R script defines the 'reflect' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two points and returns their reflection. The reflected
160: This R script defines the 'ctm_LineToString' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in
161: This R script defines the `valid_url` to check if an input URL is either .PDF or mailTo link and
162: This R script defines the derivative of tanH activation in neural networks, which is used to calculate gradients during backpropag
163: This R script defines the 'avp' as average vapor pressure from dry bulb temperature ('dbt'), wetbulb
164: This R script defines the `findSequenceDirection`, which takes in an argument called direction and returns whether it is forward ('
165: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string 'addr' represents valid IPV4 addresses or not by
166: This R script defines the `reverse_dot`s() as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument -
167: This R script defines the 'Counts to Float' conversion. It takes in four parameters including counts of data points and
168: This R script defines an anonymous recursive GCD calculation and uses it to calculate the LCM of two numbers. The formula
169: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes as input, 'a vector of lists' named "Events". Each element within
170: This R script defines and uses the ```function``` named '`'{code}'' to calculate normalized progress given current
171: This R script defines the 'gen_rhos' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that generates sequence of recipro
172: This R script defines the 'flatPath' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 line funtion that replaces all '/
173: This R script defines the 'get largest' functionality. It takes an input list of images and returns one with maximum area by
174: This is an old version of the get environment variable functionality. It checks different variables and returns their corresponding OLD ENV values
175: This R script defines an anonymous ("escape" hereafter referred to as the 'function') that takes one argument, `'
176: This R script defines the 'normalise text' as an inline anonymous functions that takes in string input, removes HTML tags with
177: This is an R programming language implementation of the Huffmann coding formula. It takes two parameters - mean values 'μ'
178: This R script defines the `formatLabels` method which takes as input an associative array or dictionary of label values and
179: This R script defines the 'v' as an integer division counter. It takes two inputs - number and divisor ('d
180: This script defines two functions to convert between text and list formats. The first one converts an underscore separated string into space
181: This R script defines the 'cost' as 3 times positive sentiment and twice negative. The total is calculated by multiplying
182: This R script defines the 'table descriptor' as an anonymous/unnamed ‘function’ that takes two arguments - key
183: This R script defines an error handling or exception throwing mechanism. It takes in one argument 'message', concatenates it with the
184: This R script defines the 'truncate to fit' functionality. It takes in two arguments; one is `Text`
185: This R script defines the 'function' named "check" that checks whether there exists any specified parameters in query, specifically looking
186: This R script defines an 'odd' custom functions that checks whether the input number is ODD or not. It then applies
187: This is an implementation of the Binary Search algorithm in R. It takes two parameters; 'an ordered list' and `
188: This is an implementation of the Susceptible Infected Recovered Dead model in R. It takes as input parameters t
189: This R script defines the `getParam` method, which extracts and organizes TESSEngine configuration settings from
190: This R script defines the 'getSecUrl' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
191: This line of R codes defines and applies the 'constant linear' model to different age groups. The output is calculated by multip
192: This R script defines an interactive validation loop that ensures user inputs are within -5 and + 5 range inclusive of both ends as
193: This R script defines the 'turn' custom functions that takes two arguments; an initial cardinal point ('north', etc.)
194: This is an example of how to create and use the concept called "recursion" in R programming. Recursively
195: This R script defines an even number generator. It takes in any real numbers, rounds it down to the nearest integer and checks
196: This R script defines and uses the 'dd' vector distance calculation. It calculates Euclidean distances between two vectors of any
197: This is an R programming language implementation of the normalization to scaling transformation in image processing where it takes as input two parameters - '
198: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces the escape sequences '%0A' with '\ n', and ' %
199: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the action in record is equal to ' o auth _ application . create'.
200: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'square'  which takes one argument, "x", and
201: This R script defines the 'areRelativePrime' custom method to check whether two numbers have no common factors other than
202: This R script defines the 'bool2Str' as an anonymous/lambda style 1 line func that takes in one argument
203: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes four arguments - 'name', ‘section’ and two optional ones ('title
204: This R script defines the `getInfoTimstep`, which takes in one argument 'compts' and returns an
205: This R script defines and calls the 'f' functions. The input to it is an empty List named "List". Inside
206: This R script defines and uses the 'cubed' custom defined mathematical operation to calculate cubic of any given number, which
207: This R script creates an HTTP response by wrapping the input 'data' in meta information about status – which is always
208: This R script defines the 'rectangular wettet perimeters' as 1 line of codes. It takes two
209: This R programming language script defines the 'decryption' operation as an arithmetic modulo with two parameters. It takes in
210: This R script defines an Erlang Decoder that takes in hexadecimal string and converts it into its equivalent binary
211: This R script checks whether the input string is in regular intervals format or not by using regex pattern matching and returns ‘True
212: This R script defines the 'signal' attribute name generator. It takes an input of property names and appends '_change"
213: This R script defines and uses the 'makertp' to generate temporary variable names. The generated temp variables are named
214: This R script contains three functions to determine the game status of TicTacToe. The first checks whether there are
215: This R script defines the 'bound' functional. It checks whether input values are within specified boundaries and adjusts them accordingly before
216: This R script defines the 'build query string' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
217: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom 'round' method that rounds numbers to the nearest even integer by checking if it
218: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments, 'list' and integer. It returns
219: This R script defines an anonymous functions that adds two signals of the SAME LENGTH. If they are not equal
220: This R script defines the 'filter mark down' which removes any text between two specific comments from an input string. The purpose
221: This R script defines the 'isInt' custom method to check if an input value represents integer or not by using regular expression
222: This R script defines the 'create leaf node' as creating an object with two components - "leaves" and additional statistics
223: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'increment_value'. It takes in one argument called current
224: This R script defines the 'normalized' glypthwidth by converting it to inches and then points using unit conversion
225: This R script defines the 'get insert query' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - table
226: This R script defines the 'find fuel' as an anonymous or lambda style, one line functional expression. It takes in
227: This R script defines the 'cross' functional. It takes two vectors as input and returns their vector product which is calculated by
228: This R script defines the 'filterDict' custom method to selectively extract values from an input dictionary based on provided key
229: This R script defines the 'denormalizer' which replaces underscores in input string with hyphens. If no
230: This R script defines the 'get_unigrams' as an unnamed vector. It takes input of word list and
231: This R script defines and tests the 'make_IBOb tag()`function that generates IOOB tags based on input parameters
232: This R script defines the 'parse authors' as an anonymous functions that splits author names into first name only. It takes
233: This R script defines the 'delete_comment' functions that removes comments from lines of codes. It does so by identifying and
234: This R script defines the 'vector subtraction' operation on three elements of two vectors. It returns an output with each element
235: This R script defines the 'goal fitness reached' as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming. It takes in three
236: This R script defines the 'capitalise' or equivalent in other languages as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes
237: This R script defines the `checkPortInRange` to verify whether an expected port is within given destination ports range or not
238: This R script defines the `formatWhereFtsSqlForColumnNames' to generate SQL syntax where clause by taking column names
239: This R script defines the 'X' player is in turn if there are an odd number of empty spaces left on board.
240: This R script defines the 'part2' phase of an algorithm that modifies input signals. It iterates over each element
241: This R script defines the 'get\_stripsed\_\dta()`function. It takes in an input string
242: This R script defines the `celsius to fahrenheit` conversion as an anonymous/lambda style functional programming
243: This R script defines the 'cleanString' custom method that removes all non alphanumeric characters from an input character vector
244: This R script defines the 'conv to zeropad' as an anonymous 1 argument, numeric input. It
245: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks if the 'names' of input data contain any element named
246: This R script defines the `str2Bool` as converting string to boolean. It checks if input is identical with 'True
247: This R script defines the `function` named 'ChunkStrList' which takes two arguments - an input character vector called
248: This is an R programming language script that defines the `esBase` or "Es Base" as follows, it checks whether
249: This R script defines the 'pad hex digest' as an anonymous or inline custom defined method. It takes in two arguments;
250: This R script defines the 'convert_TimeStringToWolfRAMAlphaQueryURL' as an anonymous functions that
251: This R script defines the 'is.Comment' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks whether given input string starts with '#
252: This R script defines the 'yellow' color to be used in terminal output. It takes an input string and wrap it with
253: This R script defines the 'filamentary' and ‘Planar’ properties of an object based on its length L
254: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical formula to convert 3D coordinates into one dimensional index. The input parameters
255: This R programming script defines the 'pipe hooping stress' calculation. It takes three parameters - Pipe Diameter [D
256: This R script defines the `find sig fig` or 'fsig' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It
257: This R script defines the `scaleVal` custom functions that scales an input value by multiplying it with either 1+
258: This R script defines the `getLam` as an anonymous or lambda style functions that returns 3 different values based
259: This R script defines the 'getVideoYTUrl' as an inline helper to generate YouTube URLs from their unique codes
260: This R script defines the 'is.panagram' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks whether or not input
261: This R script defines the 'filter default' which takes two arguments - an `Input Dictionary` and some predefined parameters
262: This R script defines the `centroid` of an input list 'point' as two numbers representing x and y coordinate.
263: This R programming script defines the recursive 'match score' calculation between two strings or vectors of characters using conditional statements and functions
264: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one parameter - "a comma separated list of strings". It removes leading and
265: This R script defines the `getBucktesWithoutTag` method which takes as input two parameters - 's3 Buck
266: This R script defines an interactive range generator. It takes three inputs - two numbers and one step size 's'. If the
267: This R script defines the 'asVariable' custom method. It takes an identifier string and converts it into lowercase letters
268: This R script defines the 'str2Bool' as an inline conversion of string to boolean. It checks if input is in
269: This R script defines the 'which bin' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object. It takes two arguments - one is
270: This R script defines the 'most common used element' and its proportion of total elements. It uses loops to iteratively check
271: This R script defines the 'totalProfit' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It calculates and returns
272: This R programming script defines the 'normalise' or transforms numerical data using z score normalization. It takes three arguments;
273: This R script defines the 'sanitise' or clean up operation on input string. It checks whether '-','or
274: This R script defines the 'getNewValues' custom functions that takes as input an array of numerical data. It iterates
275: This R script defines the `function` named 'convert to string' that takes an input JSON dictionary and converts all its
276: This R script defines an anonymous ("idify") ﬁnction that takes in one argument, "x",
277: This R script defines an 'empirical power' calculation. It takes two inputs - the number of true positives and total
278: This R script defines the 'determine fields' as an anonymous functions that takes in obj list and returns all unique field/
279: This R script defines the 'Node' class and its method to get type name version of any given Node object in JSON format
280: This R programming script defines the 'get err prob' as an anonymous or lambda style “function”. It takes
281: This R script defines the 'rgb_todec' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes
282: This R script defines the `remove_prefx` funtion which removes specified strings from beginning of input text based on different
283: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'local' custom defined variable. It takes two arguments - `"Name`
284: This R script defines the 'str2Bool' as an inline conversion of string inputs into boolean values. It takes in one
285: This R script defines the `cleanDirName`, which removes special characters from directory names. It uses regular expressions to replace
286: This is an R programming language script that defines the variable 'predicate' as being equal to TRUE if and only 	if
287: This R script defines the 'fit to' functionality. It takes in four parameters; image dimensions and desired output size as inputs
288: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'expand_he' which takes in one argument x. If
289: This R script defines the 'perfectScore' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument, which is
290: This R script defines the 'prettif'y()`function. It takes an input string `" name ", and
291: This R script defines the `findLastDigitPower` to calculate last digits of power operation in any number system by
292: This R script defines the variance of Binomially distributed random variable. It takes two parameters - number 'of trials'
293: This R script defines the `get cor r he x`function that converts an integer to its equivalent Hexadec
294: This R programming language script defines the 'cut' operation on an inventory. It takes three inputs - number of cuts to be
295: This R script defines the 'separatorWidth' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments; `
296: This R script defines the `shapefiles` driver arguments by checking and retrieving either 'DownloadUrl' or an alternative
297: This R script defines the 'hasTagRequirement' custom logic to check whether user provided query meets certain criteria. It checks
298: This R script defines the 'get.object' helper method which generates an attribute “private” object names by appending
299: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces all occurrences of specific strings within another string with other specified ones using
300: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called `isLink`. It checks if the input string starts
301: This R script defines the 'stripSurr...' to remove surrogae pairs from an input string. It checks
302: This R script defines the `function` named 'check' that takes an input argument, v and checks whether it’s
303: This R script defines the 'check_DEBUG' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, debug
304: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the provided "proxy" or IP address matches any of exceptions listed. It
305: This R script defines the 'makeFileName' custom method. It takes two arguments - fullFilePath and SupportedExtensions
306: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'get output' which takes two arguments - `ouput` and
307: This R script defines an option parsing routine that takes as input arguments and returns all the command line style "-options" found
308: This R script defines the 'shifted' functional form that shifts input values by half and then applies an offset of +/-
309: This R script defines the 'digitize' or split up an integer into its individual digit components, returning them as numer
310: This R script defines the 'velocity space' calculation. It takes two parameters ('lambda', and its reference value or baseline
311: This R script defines an 'Update Config' Function that updates the configuration settings by iterating over each key value pair of `
312: This R script defines the `numberOfPatient`s method which counts and prints out unique names from file paths based on
313: This R script defines the 'clamp' as an inline operation that restricts any given value to be within specified minimum and
314: This R script defines the 'sort by year' functionality. It takes in publications as input and returns them sorted based on their
315: This R script defines two functions that validate and format input data before using it in further computations or analyses involving text analysis like
316: This R script defines the 'getGitHubRepositoryName' which takes in Git URL as input and returns repository’s
317: This R script checks if an object belongs to the element tree class hierarchy by checking its inheritance from various classes related with XML
318: This R script defines the 'getFileLessExt' custom method which takes as input an absolute path to any file and
319: This R script defines the recursive 'flatten' method which takes as input an arbitrarily nested list and returns its
320: This R script defines the `Grid` class with properties and methods related to its dimensions. The Grid object has three main attributes
321: This R script defines and uses the `function` named 'Date Pad'. It checks whether length of input string is less than
322: This R script defines the 'transformAlignResultToSimpleDictionary' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes
323: This R script contains two functions. The first one is named 'dx' and it calculates the depth of influence based on
324: This is an R programming language implementation of the linear regression equation y = ax+b. It takes two inputs 'data'
325: This R script defines the 'convertListDomaintodic' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument, `x`
326: This R script defines the 'replace_onl...' to iteratively go through each element of an input vector, and
327: This R script defines the 'check' as an anonymous/unnamed ‘function’ that takes two arguments; checks if
328: This R script defines an SQL sanitation/validation utility. It takes in the name of any variable and removes all non al
329: This R script defines the loss calculation as square of difference between prediction and actual value.  It is commonly used in regression problems
330: This R script defines the `greet`function that takes in an argument and returns “hello” with inputted string
331: This R script defines the 'scale' custom functional to scale any given input vector by multiplying it with specified scaling value and
332: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the sum of all multiples or divisors in range from 'while' loop
333: This R script defines the 'getModuleProperties' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument called "
334: This is an example of how to create and define the 'monitor queue'  R programming. It takes two arguments - c
335: This R script defines the 'get text' as an anonymous functions that takes in input parameter of list type. It uses l
336: This R script defines the 'formatDate()`function that takes in an object named `"date". It uses "sp
337: This R programming script defines the 'proximal sum of squares' base formula with parameters v and 𝑡
338: This is an R programming language implementation of the present value formula. It calculates how much money you would need to invest today
339: This R script defines the 'drill\_down' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - `
340: This R script defines the 'fix_stati...  # Add your own description here. It's about fixing global
341: This R script partitions an input matrix into smaller submatrices of specified size. The 'partition' is achieved by splitting the
342: This R script defines the 'strToBin' as an inline conversion of string to binary. It uses built in functions
343: This R script defines an encryption utility that reads the content of any given text or binary files and returns its Base 6 encode
344: This R script defines the 'make_bold' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, `
345: This R script defines the 'checkName' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether input string is empty ("")
346: This R script defines the 'mod' as an anonymous or inline custom defined operator. It takes two arguments - ````
347: This R script defines the 'function' named "Sign" which takes an input number and returns 1 if it is positive
348: This R script defines the 'isMatchCoveragelessThan' which checks whether any match coverage of given list ('
349: This R script defines the 'calc_mem' as an anonymous functions that calculates memory usage percentage based on system counter
350: This R script defines the 'lower' as an anonymous or inline functions that converts all uppercase characters in input value to
351: This R script defines an AWS SSM parameter ARN generator. It takes in the 'Region', Account ID and Parameter
352: This R script defines the recursive 'deep\_'unlists'' an object, which is useful in data manipulation tasks
353: This R script defines the 'is in Path' as an anonymous functions that checks whether given id exists within any of paths.
354: This R script defines the 'toLower' custom method that converts any string input into lowercase.  It uses built
355: This R script defines an equation applying procedure. It takes two arguments - 'X' and the coefficients of some linear equations in
356: This R script defines the 'is_a' comment checking functio. It checks if first character of input string s
357: This R script defines an 'apply velocites' custom functions that takes as input two lists of equal length representing the positions and
358: This R programming script defines an `ismagic`function that checks if the input list represents rows, columns and diagon
359: This R script defines the distance calculation between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both units and tiles are used
360: This R script defines the 'blocktrans' as an operation that transforms center and size into lower left corner coordinates ('ll
361: This R script defines the 'format decimal' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "Value
362: This R script defines the 'Compare Two Lists' which compares two lists by their lengths and elements. If they are
363: This R script defines an 'interpolation' method that calculates the error rate based on two given probabilities and their corresponding
364: This R script calculates the balance left on an amortized mortgage after certain number of periods with given payment amount. It
365: This R script defines the 'pawnMove' or "Pawn Modification" functionality. It takes in two arguments -
366: This R script defines the `zipped` X O value to character conversion. It takes in two boolean values and returns an
367: This R script defines and executes the `subject` custom defined header extraction method. It iterates over each element of input
368: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether all elements in the input string 's' are global. The check involves
369: This R script defines the 'delay' calculation based on frequency offsets and time duration using three input dataframes ('times',
370: This R script defines and tests the 'is_withingDistance'function. It checks if any given numbers are within specified
371: This R script defines the ```function``` named "`"**'net label styling''". It takes an input
372: This R script defines the 'is.DNA' custom functions that checks whether an input string contains only valid DNA nucleot
373: This R script defines and uses the 'list union' functionality. It takes two lists as input parameters ('lists'), removes duplic
374: This R script defines the recursive comparison of two lists with unequal lengths or classes returning FALSE and comparing equal elements returns TRUE
375: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate area from two diagonals in any quadrilateral. The
376: This R script defines an inline conversion from Square Metres to Hectares. It takes in one argument, 'square meters
377: This R script defines the 'clamp' as an anonymous or inline functions that restricts any given value to be within specified
378: This R script defines two functions to generate ASTs of contract data. The first one makes an abstract syntax tree from the
379: This R script defines and validates input as either single IPV4 addresses with regex pattern matching. If it're ranges
380: This R script defines the ```function``` named '**`'{code}'. It takes three arguments; "*
381: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional variable 'is_sould...' which takes one argument, sort module
382: This R script defines the 'normalise to 19's scorer. It takes in two parameters - "Score
383: This R script defines the 'convertRawLon' and '' functions that take in three parameters; two of them are expected
384: This R script defines the 'get file lines' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, name of type character string
385: This R script defines the `remove_emb` functio that removes any embedded links from input texts. It does so
386: This R script defines the 'negator' or in other terms, it creates an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes
387: This R script defines the recursive 'flatten' method to convert nested lists into one dimensional vectors by using `unname
388: This R script defines the 'get expressions out' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes five arguments -
389: This R script defines the 'getRouterPort' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
390: This is an implementation of the Newton's method in R, which uses iteration to find roots. It starts with initial guess
391: This R script defines and executes the 'computeNumCells' procedure. It takes three parameters - `Maximum D
392: This R script defines and calls the `parent_level`, which returns either its input or defaults to "Version v1
393: This R script defines the 'bold' as an anonymous/lambda style 1 argument custom functions that wrap any input string in
394: This R script defines the `solve` method which takes four parameters. It uses an iterative process to find shortest
395: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks the last character of input utterance. If it is not '.
396: This R script defines the 'findBlankPosition' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments
397: This R script defines and uses the 'new_ linear flow show'function to generate one line summaries of two steps in
398: This R script defines the 'parse hex' as an anonymous functions that splits input string into list of substrings based on
399: This R script defines the 'corrExNumOrNoFs' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It
400: This R script defines the 'data storage account settings' by extracting it from configuration file using provided key ('config').
401: This R script defines the 'factorial' as an anonymous recursive 1 line solution to calculate nth number in sequence
402: This R script defines an integer checking and conversion utility named 'intify'. It takes in any numerics, checks whether they
403: This R script defines the `getAttrKey` method which takes two arguments - 'Data' and Key. It checks whether
404: This R script defines the 'str to bool' conversion method, which converts string inputs into boolean values using as logical transformation
405: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string is in OWL or SKOS format based on certain
406: This R script defines and uses the 'makeScribeTopic' to generate topic names in Scribes. It takes
407: This R script defines the 'getNumExt' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in video ids and
408: This R script defines the 'determine var' as an anonymous or lambda style ﬁnction that takes
409: This R script defines the 'colored' custom functions that takes two arguments - color and string. It returns an output with
410: This R script defines the 'lst' object as an output of applying `trycatch` to each element in "fields
411: This R script defines the 'remove all' functionality. It takes two arguments - an initial string and list of strings that need
412: This R script defines the 'delete' customised deletion operation on an input named object from each element of provided notification lists
413: This R script defines the 'noncovered distance' between two places. It calculates absolute difference in their locations and adds
414: This R script defines the 'quartile' range of an input vector, which is calculated by finding and subtracting from
415: This R script defines the 'extract_heff's parameters from an input parameter list. It first selectively picks
416: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions that concatenates its arguments into one string.  The inputs are strings and
417: This R script defines the 'remove_calLl bracketS' functioN. It takes an input argument
418: This R script defines the 'toInt' custom conversion method that converts any string input into an integer value using `as
419: This R script defines the 'convert percent' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, "value". It
420: This R script defines the 'function' named "convert" that converts length measurements from both foot and inch to centimet
421: This R script defines three functions to remove specific 'skip' or unwanted word from an input list of all possible unique "
422: This R script defines the 'timestamp' as an anonymous or self executing 1 line of codes that returns current date and time
423: This R script defines the `calc_beta` as an equation to calculate beta value from distance and velocity data using gravitational
424: This R script defines the 'read dash decimal' as an anonymous/unnamed ‘function’ that takes in one argument
425: This R script defines the 'distribute tasks' as an algorithm that distributes N number of identical small pieces/jobs
426: This R script defines the 'filePathExist' command as an inline sprinter that checks if given directory or filename exists
427: This R script defines the Chi Square test statistic as an anonymous functions that takes two vectors of observed and expected counts along with
428: This is an R script that defines the `sampleCloudWatchEventsRule` as returning TRUE if record source equals to "A
429: This R script defines the recursive 'flatten' operation on list objects to convert nested lists into one dimensional vectors or scal
430: This R script defines the 'cry' constraint. It ensures that any input value is between [18,36
431: This R script defines the 'control start' as an anonymous or self contained executable command. It takes in one argument, `
432: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called ```"```, which takes one argument named res and
433: This R script defines the `getUniquePtr` method, which retrieves an object from unique pointer. It is used
434: This R script defines an anonymous or inline computation that adds two numbers. It first checks whether the inputs are within  valid range
435: This R script defines the 'find_dvisiors' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one
436: This R script defines the 'determine status' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
437: This R script creates an URL by concatenating the header of GDELT data files with date and tail parts to form complete
438: This R script defines the 'normalize' or categorizes number of homologies into different categories. It uses an input variable
439: This is an R programming language script that defines the `function` named "Full Name". It takes two arguments - Family and
440: This is an R programming language implementation of the simple Linear Regression equation y =mx+c. It takes in two
441: This R script defines the 'sanitisePath' or equivalent, which takes in an input path and replaces all
442: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of adding two numbers. It then prints out their sum which should
443: This R script defines the 'cuboctal' layer of an octagonal tessellation. It takes as
444: This R script checks whether two strings are permutations of each other by comparing their character counts and checking the frequency distribution. If
445: This R script defines an anonymous functional named 'is complex requirement'. It takes in one argument called "Line". The input string
446: This R script defines the 'math map list' which maps values from one range of numbers into another. It does so by
447: This R script defines the recursive 'create palindromes' version v. It takes two inputs and generates an output
448: This R script defines the 'rescaling' or normalization of data to be between two specified values using an input value and
449: This R script defines the 'replace chars' functions that replaces any space in input string to an underline character and
450: This R script creates an invalid Stata variable name comment. It takes the input of 'makeInvalidVarNameComment' and
451: This R script defines the 'remove_IArgs'-function. It takes as input an argument called "Command". The purpose
452: This R script defines the 'slugifier'. It takes an input string and replaces any '/ or _ with underscore
453: These two functions calculate the partial derivatives of phi with respect to xx andyy respectively. Phi is defined as sqrt
454: This R script defines and uses the 'merge_line's'_core`function to combine line data with corresponding scoring information
455: This is an R programming language implementation of the quadratic equation. It takes three parameters x and returns y as per its formula ax
456: This R script defines the 'max_size' as an anonymous or inline custom validation rule. It checks whether length of input
457: This R script defines and tests the functionality of an 'is divisible' checker. It checks if one number can be
458: This R script defines the ```function``` 'steps to run' which calculates how many more iterations are needed based on
459: This R script checks whether the input string contains unbalanced or improperly nested brackets and quotes. It returns TRUE
460: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if two webpages are equal or one of their parent pages using the 'try
461: This R script defines and calculates the Factorial of an input number using recursion. The result is returned by calling itself
462: This R script defines the 'buildS3Url' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments -
463: This R programming script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is resignation act' as per game rules. It checks
464: This Python script defines and uses an R programming language style custom 'pythoncools' to replace underscores in the input
465: This R script defines the `translate_conﬁdence _leve l`function that translates different levels
466: This R script defines the 'calculate time' as an inline calculation that takes three parameters - cents per kwh rate of
467: This R script defines the `XYZ to uv` conversion formula which takes three inputs - 'x', y' and
468: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - 'TWEETS' and
469: This R script defines the 'generateModuleCmd' as an inline Python command generator. It takes in three parameters - python executable
470: This R script defines the 'calculate mean' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates and returns
471: This R script creates an anonymous customised named variable by combining the name of your choosing with line number where it is called.
472: This R script defines the `simplify` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - string
473: This R script defines the 'generateNewRow' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in seven parameters
474: This R script defines the 'list of lines' as an inline command that splits input string s into separate strings at each
475: This R script defines the 'precision' calculation in machine learning context which is used to evaluate classification models by comparing true positive
476: This R script defines the 'parabola' model to calculate percentage of water absorbed over time. It takes two parameters;
477: This R script defines the 'get time' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument - number in
478: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'on board' condition. It checks if given coordinates are within 8x
479: This R script defines the 'while' loop to square an input value until it reaches  or exceeds one hundred. The result
480: This R script defines the 'start_with' custom functions that checks whether one string starts with another. It uses built in
481: This R script defines the 'Sanitizer' named `clean`. It takes an input string, removes all special characters
482: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate Pearson correlation coefficient. It takes five parameters as input and returns
483: This R script defines the 'replace_databse in url' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - URL and
484: This R script defines the 'stripPrefix' custom method. It removes specified "<PREFIX>" from beginning of input
485: This R script defines the 'warnOnly' as an anonymous or inline custom warning message generator. It takes one argument, flag
486: This R script defines the area of circle using its radius as input, and returns it by multiplying Pi with square rooted
487: This R script defines the 'clipPath' custom method. It takes an input string of "File Path", splits it
488: This R script defines the 'dq\_' check pass/ fail. It takes in rule results as input and checks if
489: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical operation called 'exponentation'. It takes two arguments - base and power
490: This R script defines the 'create_jo... # Generated by Django REST framework - https://
491: This R script defines the 'nearest point' functionality by rounding off to get an approximate position in 4x8
492: This R script defines and uses the 'function' to calculate center of rectangle. It takes four numbers as input representing two points
493: This R script defines the `shouldPrintRow` method. It checks whether to print row based on index 'n' and
494: This R script defines an SQUARE LOSS FUNCTION that calculates the average squared difference between actual and predicted
495: This R script defines the 'minNumUser's()`function. It calculates how many users must agree with an
496: This R script defines and tests the 'maybZerO' functioN that replaces close zeros with
497: This R script defines an anonymous custom formating funtion that formats x tick labels based on the value of 'X'. It
498: This R script defines the 'calc_fineness' as an inline calculation that takes two arguments - Full Spread Rad
499: This R script defines the 'trimMembersAll' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - tap
500: This R script defines the 'getEventName' custom method which retrieves and returns an event named from provided input, or
501: This R script defines an inline HTML tagging system that highlights approximate matches in text. The input is the string to be marked
502: This R script defines the 'canonicalize address' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
503: This R script defines the 'convert day to sec' as converting days into seconds. It takes in one argument, "days
504: This R script defines the 'constrains' custom functions that restricts input values between specified limits and replaces them with
505: This R script defines an 'interval overlap' calculation. It takes four inputs representing two intervals on the number line and returns their
506: This R script defines the 'function' named "standard deviation normalization". It takes two arguments - Spectrum and Mean.
507: This is an API instance creation method in R. It takes two parameters - url and the 'request' object which contains data
508: This R script defines the `determineColor` method which determines what text colour to use based on whether or not there is
509: This R script defines the `cleanFileExtensions` which takes in an input string representing filenames. It splits
510: This R script defines and evaluates the formula of an unknown mathematical expression named 'Kleins'. It takes one input,
511: This R script defines an intensity calculation based on the Gaussian distribution. The input parameters are q and two others that define characteristics of
512: This R script defines the 'make dic' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in six parameters and returns them within list
513: This is an R programming language script that retrieves the last four characters of input uid and returns it in character format,
514: This R script defines the 'remove http request body' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - client and even. It
515: This R script defines the `getProductFromTimeScale` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
516: This R script defines the 'get trajectory len' as an anonymous 1 line funtion that takes in one argument, "
517: This is an R programming language script that defines the structure of 'default case' data. It takes three arguments - `Exper
518: This R script defines the `function` named 'check command existence'. It takes in one argument which should be of type character
519: This R script defines the 'reddening correction sfd' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - "Ext
520: This R script defines the `grep` replacement pattern to replace all instances of "a" with an empty string, then
521: This R script defines the 'getRSTTranslationText' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes three arguments
522: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'function' named "Tile Key". It takes in two parameters, which are
523: This R script defines and uses the `parselnt` custom defined to convert input into integer, handling NULL or special string
524: This R script defines the 'get_tkinter's RGB string representation of an inputted "RGB" vector.
525: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - data and keys. It iterates over the list 'alld
526: This R script defines the 'function' named "Count Failed Students". It takes as input, an array of scores and counts
527: This R script defines the 'zeroPad' custom functions that takes in an input number and returns it as string with leading z
528: This R programming script defines the 'sum geometric progressions' as an arithmetic operation. It takes three inputs; first term
529: This R script defines the 'replaceChars' custom functions that removes all occurrences of specific characters from an input string
530: This is an R programming language implementation of the division operation between two vectors. It takes as input parameters 'vecDiv' and
531: This R script defines the `pgsql` helper to generate PostgreSQL VARCHAR data types with optional length specification using sprinf and condition
532: This R script defines the 'wheelSlippingVel' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three
533: This R script defines the `function` named "Split Text Segments". The purpose of it is to take in an input
534: This R script defines the 'create_structural values' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes one argument -
535: This R script defines the 'int_tolist' as an integer to binary array converter. It takes two arguments -
536: This is an implementation of the Soft Threshold Operator in R. It takes two inputs z and λ where it returns
537: This R script defines the 'sign' functional form which returns -1 or +1 depending on whether input is negative (-ve
538: This R script defines the 'function' named "reducing mass" which calculates and returns reducing/central atomic weight
539: This R script defines the 'function' named "AllCapDifferentials". It takes in one argument, which is expected
540: This R script defines the 'get folder' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - "
541: This R script defines the `get_nume`rator and denominatior of accession numbers from an input string
542: This R script defines the 'report' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality that generates and returns lists containing various parameters
543: This R script defines the 'flatten' functionalities which takes in two arguments - records and field name ('field'). It
544: This R programming script defines the 'total' as an anonymous  logical vector. It counts and returns how many elements in that
545: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{code}". It takes an input parameter called \"\" and
546: This R script defines the 'get half star' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
547: This R script defines the 'count infected' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line funtion that takes in one
548: This is an implementation of the polynomial learning rate decay formula. It takes in three parameters; 'Base Learning Rate', ‘
549: This R script defines the 'getOverLap' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns overlapping intervals
550: This R script defines the 'next velocity' as an arithmetic operation that calculates and returns 1/3 of acceleration
551: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to replace all spaces in the inputted character vector with unders
552: This R script calculates the Elo rating based on given parameters and updates it accordingly each time with different inputs of 'expected
553: This R script defines the 'get_filter' as an inline calculation to determine filter quality scale based on Sw and other two
554: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' that checks if the input string matches with regular expression to ensure it
555: This is an R programming language implementation of the scoring system where it returns 0 when two inputs are equal and - otherwise.
556: This R script defines the `square of sum` as an anonymous or lambda style function. It takes one argument
557: This R script defines the 'clip' operation on scalar values within specified range [`vmim', `vamx'].
558: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'writeToFile'. It takes two arguments - the list of
559: This R script defines the `getField` method which retrieves fields from an object based on their names provided as input list
560: This R script defines two functions that fetch the host name of projects hosted on wikipedia in local and remote servers respectively using HTTP
561: This R script defines the `fix_surense` that ensures there is an attribute named "Time" in any given
562: This R script defines the 'function' named "Distance". It calculates total traveled distances based on given parameters such as
563: This R script defines the 'getFramesize' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
564: This R script defines the 'testRow' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument, counter and
565: This R script defines the 'getPreferedTaxonName' which takes three arguments - an input Taxonomic ID ('
566: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "`" to remove duplicates from an input list of numbers.
567: This R script defines the 'LeestGrade's()`function. It takes an adjacency list as input
568: This R script defines the 'heures' to seconds converter. It takes three inputs - hours h , minutes and secondss
569: This R script defines the 'get self control out pattern' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
570: This R script defines the 'getBoardCopy' as creating and returning an exact copy of inputted game "boards".
571: This R script defines the 'reindent' custom functions that takes in source codes as input and returns them with specified level of
572: This R programming script defines the `chartoin`, which converts single character string to its corresponding integer value only when it
573: This R script defines the 'make_DrawResponse()`function. It takes in one argument, `Reason', and returns
574: This R script defines and uses the 'remove digits' custom functions to eliminate all numeric characters from an input string.
575: This R script defines an anonymous functions that adds two strings together.  It takes in parameters 'x' and returns the sum
576: This R script defines the ```function``` named "**`'ring\_int'_labeLtostr"
577: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in two parameters - 'URL' and ‘value’. It checks whether
578: This R script defines the 'function' named "Combine Histories". It takes two arguments - an EXISTING H
579: This R script defines an elementary error calculation method called 'element wise absolute difference' or simply EWAD. It takes in
580: This R script defines the 'parseDetExId' custom method. It takes in an input string of DetExp ID and
581: This R script defines an open stack command line interface generator. It takes in the secrets of OpenStack environment variables and generates corresponding
582: This R script defines the 'removeStarttime' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument, "data", and returns another
583: This R script defines the `clean_whitepsace`function. It takes in an input string, removes extra whitespaces
584: This R script defines the 'URI Base' as an anonymous functions that removes everything after '#', and then anything following "?"
585: This R script defines the `UUID` to string conversion utility which checks whether input UUID follows correct format and converts it into
586: This R script defines the `make_ keyword _ html`function. It takes in an input vector of " keyw or
587: This is an R programming script that defines and uses the 'cga\_' signature. It returns −1 when input
588: This R script defines the 'format time' to convert minutes and seconds into hours in decimal form by splitting input string at colon
589: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if the input cell object belongs to class MergesC
590: This R script defines the 'check dead' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if either of two health points are less
591: This R script defines the 'double_character' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument - `word`. It then
592: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct that checks if the input argument "`"is not equal to
593: This R script defines an 'inclusion check' that determines whether or not to include data based on three conditions - the average
594: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that converts Farenheight to Kevlin using the formula ((F -
595: This R script defines the 'fixSingleTuples' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
596: This R script defines the 'range' of two numbers. It checks which number is greater and then returns either from that larger
597: This is an implementation of the formula that calculates linear growth over time. It takes two parameters ages and timescale 't
598: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'flash' class. It takes in one argument, ```Category``` and
599: This R script defines the `rgb` to hexadecimal color conversion. It takes three inputs representing RGB values and
600: This R programming script defines the 'sequenceTermNum' as an arithmetic progression generator. It takes three arguments - n
601: This R script defines the `function` named 'StringNum' which takes an integer input, "Row Num". It checks
602: This R script defines an interactive visualization tool that calculates the overlap between two bounding boxes. The calculation is based on
603: This R script defines the 'correct' functions that takes in an input fragment, converts it to uppercase and replaces
604: This R programming script defines the mathematical operation of calculating power without using exponentiation operator. It uses bitwise operations to achieve similar
605: This R script defines the 'tostring()`function. It takes an input `x', checks its class using
606: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" ```r name```". The purpose of it is to generate
607: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'is int' or integer checker, which checks if the input value can
608: This R script defines the 'add_middle' points between two given coordinates. It takes three arguments; start point ```
609: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'm_Diag' matrix in Python. It checks whether two given indices
610: This R script defines an anonymous functions that adds "A" or "An", depending on whether the first letter of input string
611: This R script defines the 'convertTuplesElements' to take an input list of tuplets and converts each
612: This R script is used to filter out specific types of ABI definitions from the given list. It takes two arguments - '
613: This R script defines the 'calculate_averag...' is used to compute percentage difference between SL price and AVG
614: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates EtherScan URL based on the input string, which could be either 'R
615: This R script defines the 'function' named `"Clean Names`". It takes an input argument, called ‘M
616: This R script defines the 'isInSide' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if given coordinates are inside of specified
617: This R script defines the 'get_match' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - token and ‘query’
618: This R script defines and tests the 'everyN' functions that checks if step number is divisible by N. The results
619: This R script creates an HTML style "#" heading from the 'Title' key in input dictionary. The result is returned as
620: This R script defines and runs the Fibonacci sequence generator. It takes an integer input n, generates first '
621: This R script defines the 'generate_souid' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments -
622: This R script defines the Collatz Conjecture sequence generator. It takes an input 'n' and returns n /
623: This is an example of creating and defining the 'linear' R language 1D array using input parameter "N". The
624: This R script defines an anonymous recursive helper method that appends newline characters to all elements in the input. It handles
625: This R script defines the `function` named "Session Num PageViews". It takes as input an argument called Session.
626: This R script defines the 'normalized' version of an inputted "Histogram" data. It does so by div
627: This is an implementation of the 'Rectangle Contains Point' problem. It takes as input two vectors representing coordinates and checks
628: This R script defines the 'consistent' status of StatsBoard Data based on provided list "Stats Board Host Types
629: This R script defines an anonymous or inline "function" named `oddeven` that takes one argument, x. It checks
630: This R script defines the 'Luminosity Double Power Law' calculation. It takes in five parameters - luminosity ('l'),
631: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input URL is from YouTube or not by using regular expressions to match specific
632: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of the 'function'. It takes in one argument - your current
633: This R script defines the 'process's results from an MM tracking algorithm by creating lists of persons and their corresponding bound
634: This R script defines the 'tab' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Column". It returns "\n
635: This R script defines an anonymous functions that fetches the CERN Person ID from input data and returns it as part of
636: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument - 'Timestamp' string. It checks whether the
637: This R script defines the 'cleanText' custom user defined functions. It replaces newline characters "\ n" with space
638: This R programming script defines the equation used to calculate 'y' in terms of other variables. It is partcularly useful
639: This R script defines the `workdir` as an environment variable that points to AVALANCHE's working directory
640: This R programming script defines the cosine of two angles phi based on differences in x and y coordinates. The formula used
641: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom formatting “function” that takes in one argument, 'x', and
642: This R script defines the 'get session id' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - result. It tries to
643: This R script defines the 'convertXrandRToIndex' as an integer conversion of x r and random value to index
644: This R script defines the 'extract data from query' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes one argument,
645: This R script defines an equation to calculate the dispersion coefficient based on material properties and user inputs using formula derived from experimental data analysis
646: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'isTooLongRow' method. It takes in two parameters
647: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to calculate the result of three different calculations. The first calculation is based on multip
648: This R script defines the 'is.a' method to check if an object belongs  class Segments, which checks whether
649: This R script defines the 'dominates' functional. It checks whether one vector ('b') always has elements that are
650: This R script defines the 'test_tele'socope()`. It checks whether an input keyword `K is
651: This R script defines the 'ppi_to__mm' as an anonymous 	function that converts pixel per inch to
652: This R script defines the 'function' named `"Normalization`. It takes an input string called match and splits
653: This R script defines the 'should we end early' logic. It returns false by default, indicating that it is not time
654: This R script defines an anonymous polynomial evaluation. It takes as input the coefficients of each term and evaluates them at point '
655: This R script defines the 'safeMin' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks whether input values exist. If they do
656: This R script defines the 'is.event' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if input number, "X",
657: This R script defines the 'distance' between two cells in  grid by calculating absolute differences of their coordinates and summing them
658: This R script defines the 'getRank' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
659: This R programming script defines the 'mc\_estimate' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object. It takes three arguments
660: This R script defines the recursive 'function' called "`"{func}"" to extract nested values from an associ
661: This R script defines an 'exists' custom method that checks whether the input array is present within any of previously stored arrays.
662: This R script defines the 'make_path' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - PR
663: This R program defines the 'doubly exponential' sequence by recursively adding elements to it. It starts with an initial
664: This R script defines and uses the 'replicator' custom functions to duplicate elements in vectors. It then applies these on
665: This R script defines the 'verify complexity' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes one argument, "Comple
666: This R script defines and uses the `str_Bool` to convert boolean values into their string equivalents. It then calls
667: This R script defines the 'personal top three' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes in one argument -
668: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula given in question. It calculates and returns value based on input x using
669: This R script defines an error checking utility that checks if the HTTP status codes are in range of errors ie., >= to
670: This R script defines the 'function' named "pitchn", which calculates and returns an integer value representing some aspect of
671: This R script defines the 'unique list' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes in one argument,
672: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `{code}``". It takes two arguments - ‘
673: This R script defines and uses the `get_last` to extract last piece of URI from given URIs using string
674: This R script defines the 'whitespaces' tokenizer. It removes leading and trailing white spaces from input string then
675: This R script defines the 'getBoxDelta' as an anonymous or lambda style functional object that calculates and returns delta
676: This Julia script defines and runs the 'julia quadratic' algorithm. It takes five parameters; two pairs of coordinates `
677: This R script defines the `getWidth` method which calculates and returns an integer value representing total number of spaces required to
678: This R script defines an extraction of relevant metrics from the configuration. It takes as input 'a list' and returns all unique
679: This R script defines the 'mismaParidade' custom functions that checks if two numbers have same parity. It
680: This R programming script defines the 'numKNOTS' as an equation that calculates and returns number of knots in
681: This R script defines the 'Convert to Decima'l"function. It converts an input number from any base up
682: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'makeNewGetUserResponse' as it takes in one argument called "
683: This R script defines the 'nextLegalChar' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
684: This R script defines and tests the recursive "piwp"ow()function. It calculates powers of any base from
685: This R script defines the 'Linked Embedding' matrix name generator. It takes in an argument, `Channel ID`
686: This R script defines the 'did not run' as an anonymous or self contained piece of executable logic. It checks if first
687: This R script defines the 'get center' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in four arguments, representing
688: This R script defines the 'match' operation on ordered time sequences. It counts how many elements from predicted sequence are present within
689: This R script defines the 'reoder_acquistion' dictionary by creating nested lists based on image type -> ra
690: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{name}`` to convert an argument value into boolean format based
691: This R script defines the 'get schema from name' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `Name`.
692: This R script defines the Joseph problem. It calculates which person will survive in each round of eliminations when given an initial
693: This is an R programming language implementation of the simple formula y =mx + c where 'y' represents output and ‘
694: This R script defines the 'matches' functions that checks whether any of given label is present as name within an object.
695: This R script defines the 'make.reference' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - `
696: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the integer label of different rings and returns their corresponding string labels. The possible
697: This R script defines and runs the 'correlation criterion' as an example of how to create functions in programming. The input
698: This R script defines the 'deltaX' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns difference between two points in
699: This R script defines and tests the 'testClimAware' custom validation rule that checks if three parameters meet certain conditions
700: This R script defines the `function` named "Status". It takes three arguments - Level of difficulty ("Level"), whether it
701: This R script defines the 'cigar' as an anonymous or lambda style 1D array operation. It takes
702: This R script defines the `length scale` conversion factors based on different units of measurement and uses an argument called ' name'
703: This R script defines the 'least difference' between three numbers. It calculates absolute differences of pairs and returns minimum among them
704: This is an R programming language implementation of the cubic equation formula. It takes four coefficients and one variable as input to calculate y
705: This R script defines an anonymous functions that retrieves the 'Enable OVS DPDK' configuration from Kubere
706: This is an implementation of the formula used in Voronoi Random Fields to calculate fractional moments, specifically it calcul
707: This R script defines the `is.Square` custom method to check whether an input matrix has equal number of rows and
708: This R script defines the 'getValidUuid' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in three parameters
709: This R script defines the 'is.Pair' custom method to check if an item has exactly two elements, indicating it could
710: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether the input string 'Run Name' contains any spaces or col
711: This R script defines the 'calculating heart rate' as an inline or anonymous functions. It takes two parameters - number of
712: This R script defines and uses the 'capitalize' text functionality. It takes an input string of any length or case
713: This R script defines the 'isYAML' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks whether input string ends with '.
714: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'benchmark' select method. It takes in one argument - `
715: This R script defines the 'hasCorrectParenthesis' method which checks whether parenthetical expressions are correctly nested. It
716: This R script defines the 'findOccurreencesInListOfDict' which counts occurances of an input value
717: This R script creates an interface parameter object with the given parameters. The returned value is stored in 'interface' variable and can
718: This R script defines the 'remove empty list items' as an anonymous functions that removes all instances of "&lt; li
719: This R programming script defines the 'simplify mod product' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes three
720: This R script defines the `flip` functions that flips an input matrix in either left or up directions. It uses
721: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'format message' functionality where it checks whether there is any period at
722: This R script defines two functions to 'merge' configurations. The first one takes an existing configuration and adds new key/value
723: This R script defines the 'get wheels speed' as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes three arguments; encoder
724: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'function' named "`" ```R raw model```". It checks
725: This R script defines the `strToBool` custom conversion method that converts strings ("TRUEs", “FA
726: This R script defines and executes the 'process' custom defined procedure. It takes in an input of type `list`
727: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes several arguments and adds them to two lists - one in JSON format ('JSON')
728: This R script defines the 'get even numbers' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, which is expected to be
729: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.Block' method, which checks if given input object has
730: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if the input column name matches any of three patterns. The first
731: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" to convert two parts of time series data into one float number."
732: This R script defines the 'calc_scannber pos' as an anonymous funtion that calculates and returns position
733: This R script defines and uses the 'calculate_lum' to compute Lux from RGB values using specific coefficients derived by
734: This R script checks if files in the specified directory contain at least one digit by splitting each file name into individual characters and checking
735: This R script defines the 'flipBit' as an anonymous or inline one line custom defined ‘function’. It
736: This R script defines the `getCommand` custom method that generates an argument string from input arguments. It checks each element of
737: This R script defines the 'reverse complement record' as an anonymous functional. It checks whether SNP and Gene strands
738: This R script defines the 'create_w...  # noqa E740, it's too long
739: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether two input strings are Anagrams of each other. It does so by
740: This R script defines the 'flip' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one character input and returns its
741: This R script defines the 'ccw' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes three arguments ('x',
742: This R script defines and returns an input dictionary with all keys replaced by their equivalent in lowercase, where the key is transformed
743: This R script defines the 'scrub' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that removes all non alphanumeric
744: This R script defines the 'getMaxTableSize' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument -
745: This R programming language script defines the 'Sign' as an anonymous recursive functions that returns -1 when num is less than
746: This R script defines the 'convertToHex' Function. It takes an RGBA color as input and converts it
747: This R script defines the 'make_tuples' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, rect. It
748: This R script defines the 'cleanString' custom user defined functions. It removes leading and trailing white spaces from an input
749: This R script defines the 'function' named "MidPoint" which calculates and returns coordinates of middle points between two
750: This R script defines the 'force_forward' coordinates. It takes in four parameters; `Start` and End positions of
751: This R script defines an anonymous functions that calculates slot position in matrix based on x &amp; Y coordinates. It checks
752: This R script calculates IODINE concentration from molarity and fractional coverage data. It subtracts volume spent on
753: This python program merges two lists and sorts them. It uses the built in 'sort' method to do so which is
754: This R script defines the 'clean_others()', which takes in an input list of names and removes any entries that are
755: This R script defines the 'match field creation' which replaces all occurrences of an astrisk (*), in input
756: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates the summed electricity production from multiple 'utility
757: This R script defines the 'topKFrequency' method which takes in two parameters - an array of strings ('word')
758: This R script defines the 'serialize_foler' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one
759: This R script defines an anonymous/inline 'iss' functions that checks if the input argument, named as "x" in
760: This R script defines the 'formatWeightImperials' which takes in an input parameter, converts it to numerics
761: This R script defines the 'isValid' as an anonymous functions that checks whether or not given inputted "words" are
762: This R script defines the 'collect_PurchaseRequests' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one
763: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates neighbouring cell's coordinate pairs based on given input. It checks whether Y
764: This R script defines the 'validate_longitude' and ‘check’ functions to check whether longitudes are within [-
765: This R script generates names of various files and plots based on the input dataset. It is used to standardize naming convent
766: This R script defines the 'difference' as an anonymous functions that calculates and returns square of sums from one to n
767: This R script defines the 'extract pac man packages to update' as an anonymous 	function that takes in JSON data and
768: This R script defines an inline citation style that makes text appear in BOLD. The input is the string to make it
769: This R method takes three arguments. It compares the first two and determines which is greater or less than each other by assign
770: This R script creates an ID based on the concatenation of two strings - 'Task Category' and ‘ Task Name’
771: This R script defines an HTML escaping/encoding utility. It replaces special characters with their corresponding entities in the input string
772: This R script defines the 'formatCmd' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether input command, either in form
773: This R script defines an 'Indiferent' Function that takes two inputs - one numeric vector and another number representing the
774: This R script defines and uses the 'check' custom made to determine whether an element exists in list or not. It then
775: This R script defines the 'get_product' custom functions that takes one argument - row of text separated by tabs ("\
776: This R script defines an recursive FIBONACCI sequence generator, which takes in the 'n'th term of
777: This R script defines the 'function' named "RGBtoHEX" which converts RGB color values to hexad
778: This R script defines the 'decimal' as an anonymous or inline custom defined 1 line of codes that takes in one
779: This R script defines the 'Title Blocks' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Paper". It
780: This R script defines and uses the 'rep' or repeat string operation. It takes an input character vector, appending "
781: This R script defines the 'colfix' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes one argument, `X`.
782: This is an R programming language script that defines the `applied to degrees`. It checks whether or not specified "deg
783: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the argument "permission". It checks whether permission starts with either of two prefix
784: This R script defines the 'normalise' or transforms an input string, GrobiD ID. It first converts
785: This R script defines the Gaussman's equation to calculate dry soil bulk density from saturated and minimum values of hyd
786: This R script defines and tests the 'function' named "`" `{code}". The purpose of it is to
787: This R script defines the 'get files from'  ... [TRUNCATED FOR BREVITY, SEE
788: This R script defines an anonymous/inline 'if' statement that takes three arguments and returns one of them based on the value
789: This is an R programming language model that calculates the value of 'line' based on given parameters such as `v`
790: This R script defines the 'function' named "sequence match". It takes two sequences as input and checks whether all elements of
791: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'mock token' as being composed of three components - "BONA
792: This is an R programming language script that defines and returns the string 'reserved' as either ‘" class "' or
793: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the L^p norm calculation. It takes in as input, 'a
794: This R script defines the 'rtsiP' package to generate tags from relationship type and sense. The tag is generated
795: This R script defines the 'tip' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns total amount including tax on given
796: This R script defines the 'process labels' which converts input string to numerics if possible, otherwise it returns NA values
797: This R script defines the 'function' named "TieRFromSiteName". It takes an input string `S`
798: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'extract str' which removes all non alphabetic characters
799: This R script defines the 'mean' as an anonymous or inline custom defined 1 line of codes. It takes in one
800: This R script defines and uses the `formatKeyValue` to convert input string into uppercase, removing spaces in between characters
801: This R script defines the Haskellish hashing algorithm in an anonymous functions form where it takes string input and returns its
802: This R script defines the 'is_same' character sequence checking. It takes an input of one string and checks whether all
803: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that converts distance from MILES to KILOMETERS by multip
804: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'arbitraryRound'  which takes two arguments -
805: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if the input string starts with either '.' or underscore (_
806: This R script defines the `check_if`function that checks if current process ID is equal to given PID value by
807: This R script defines the 'prepare' functions that takes in an object named "Data". It checks whether there is any key
808: This R script defines the 'is.host' custom method to check if an object belongs either directly or indirectly inher
809: This R script defines an ID generator that takes in either numerics or strings and returns the string "ID" concatenated with
810: This R script defines the 'GetRecords' as an anonymous or lambda functions that takes one argument, `slive
811: This R script defines the 'get_Z' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that calculates Z based on given
812: This R script defines an index conversion from 'subscript' to zero based integer using loops and conditionals which checks whether given
813: This R script defines the 'prodDouble' as an anonymous or inline functions that multiplies three parameters - x and 1
814: This R script defines the ```function``` "`"{code}<-" to convert given time in SECONDS
815: This R script defines an `analyze`r that takes in 'analyses' and checks whether they have the
816: This R script defines an anonymous ("anon") functional object named 'abs_lenghth diff'. It takes two
817: This R script defines the `scrambles` to URL converter by iterating over each character of input scrambling string and
818: This R script defines the 'right trim' operation on two sequences. It checks whether their last elements are equal and removes them
819: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates AWS ECR repository names based on the input distribution name by removing any versioning
820: This R script defines the `parsec`function that takes an input string and parses it into key value pairs where keys
821: This R script defines the 'read_directives' as an anonymous functions that reads direct instructions from input string. It spl
822: This R script defines the 'make_value's as an anonymous functions that takes five parameters and returns them in form of
823: This R script defines the 'config' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument, "Path", and
824: This is an R programming language implementation of the Jaccards similarity coefficient. It measures how similar two sets are by taking into
825: This R script defines the 'Merge' functionalities which merges two dictionaries by taking keys from both and assigns
826: This R script defines the `searchKeyForScenes` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
827: This is an implementation to calculate the Haverisine distance between two geographical coordinates using spherical trigonomic formula. It
828: This R script defines six functions, each named 'f' followed by an integer from c to f. Each of these is
829: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable 'update position' method. It takes in two arguments - the total number
830: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'move' method. It takes in two parameters - current `positon
831: This R script defines the 'calcNumberNeighbour's()`, which calculates and returns number of neighb
832: This R script defines and uses the 'normalization' or scaling method to convert an input value from any range into another fixed
833: This R script defines and applies the 'fix' functions to each element of an input vector ensuring all elements are between zero &
834: This R script defines an Eulers method to calculate the updated positions and velocities of objects given their initial conditions. It
835: This R script calculates the sum of digits in  number obtained by raising two to power num, and prints it out
836: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates STIX patterns based on the subject of emails. The input is expected to be
837: This R script defines the 'rescaling' operation on an array. It takes in three parameters; input data ('array
838: This R script defines and tests the 'get word size' functions based on similarity threshold values between  [...] <j
839: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in data about issues from GitHub and returns the status of those tasks, either
840: This R script defines the vector addition operation. It checks whether two input vectors have equal lengths and stops execution with an error message
841: This R script defines the 'contains common item' functionality by creating an anonymous/lambda style ‘any’ type of custom
842: This R script defines the `get_commmon_introducted`function that takes two arguments - 'arches'
843: This R script defines the 'formatArtisNames' custom functions that takes as input an array of names and returns them formatted
844: This R script defines the 'Clamp' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes three arguments - num which is to be
845: This R script defines the 'has numbers' as an anonymous functions that checks whether any number exists in given string. It returns
846: This R script defines and runs the 'so_adduo' which checks whether there are any pair of elements from an
847: This R script defines the 'checkDuplicateContigsOverlapping' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It
848: This R script defines the 'clip' functional object which takes in three parameters - vector ```<code>{`}
849: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional object that takes in one argument, 'ID', and returns string stating
850: This R script defines an incremental summation algorithm that calculates the updated total based on previous sums and means. It takes
851: This R script defines the area of triangle using two sides as inputs. It uses basic geometry formula to calculate and returns resultant
852: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'checkPassword' 1 argument functions that compares the inputted "gu
853: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks if the length of input string equals 36. The
854: This R script defines the 'report characteristic time' as an anonymous 	function that calculates and returns (-infinity if
855: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" and checks whether given `````` is valid or not. It
856: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument 'records'. It checks the values of
857: This R script defines the 'correct_grade' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
858: This R script defines the 'function' named "Count". It takes two arguments; one is called `"Token` and
859: This R script defines the 'get_ppsa' custom functions that calculates total PPsAs from charge SA values
860: This R script defines two functions to calculate the M�ller potential and its effective mass using given parameters 'P' stands
861: This R script defines and uses the `make_markewwn` url to convert certain tokens within an input string into
862: This R script defines an utility to calculate the memory used by data frame and its shape using deep option of `pandas
863: This R script defines the 'remove extra values' functionality which removes any duplicate keys from one data frame that are present only once
864: This R script defines the 'getFieldInfo' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - "
865: This R script defines and applies an arbitrary transformation to the inputted proportions using their associated odd ratios as parameters in order modify
866: This R programming script defines the 'diagonalsDanger' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes
867: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{func}`` to generate schema URI from dictionary. The input
868: This R script defines the `appendNameToKey` method. It takes two parameters - 'entity' and ‘names
869: This R script defines an inline 'fromSIfunction' that converts values with units of micro to their numerics counter
870: This is an example of recursive factorial calculation in R. It calculates the product from ‘N’ to '
871: This R script defines the 'money' style as either "safe" or “risky” based on whether an
872: This R script defines the 'latexSafe' or `LATEXSAFE` functions. It takes an input string
873: This R script defines the 'sp' variable as 4 times its input, plus one. It is used to generate sequence
874: This R script defines the 'function' named "dtmime" that takes as input an argument called `$`.
875: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional that checks whether the input string 'T' contains any of several specified patterns
876: This R script defines the 'product except self', which is an algorithm that takes as input list of numbers and returns another array
877: This R script defines the 'de JONG step' as an operation on each element of input population. It calculates absolute
878: This R script defines the 'calculate\_'function to compute desired Noise Root Mean Square value based on Clean Sign
879: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in input string 'x' and replaces all occurrences of the following
880: This is an example of how to create the 'corrected projection parameter' in r. It takes three inputs - "Big
881: This R script defines the `fmt_requstID` log formatting helper which takes in an optional 'REQUEST ID
882: This R script defines the 'Largeset Triplte Multiplicatio' simple is to find out largest triple multiplication
883: This R script defines the 'gausssum' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 line GAUSS SUMM
884: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{fn}`` to convert bounding box string into numerics
885: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.Empty' method which checks if given stack or list in
886: This R script defines the 'build_smnp_hosyt' body which takes in an input dictionary and returns
887: This R script defines the 'polygonArea' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It calculates and returns areas
888: This R script defines the 'countWordsPerSentences' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes
889: This R script defines the Generalized Modified Ornstein Uhlenbeck Function. It takes two inputs 'sigma
890: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional programming construct named 'calculate average price change'. It takes two vectors
891: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "anonymous"  list reversing functio.n named '
892: This R script creates an identical copy of the input 'size' x ‘n’ matrix called "Make Copy Board".
893: This R script defines the 'combine_coverage' method which combines two lists of convergence results. If one input is
894: This R script defines the 'function' named "Is Number". It takes an input parameter called word and checks if it can
895: This R script defines the 'get prefix' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument called filename. It splits up
896: This R script defines the 'intToFloat' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line conversion of input item to
897: This R script defines the `get_tasks` method which takes as input two parameters - 'datasets' and
898: This R programming script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument 'x'. It returns the input
899: This R script defines the `prep_data` as an S4 generic method. It takes three arguments - 'input',
900: This R script defines the 'calc_bpw' as an inline calculation of bulk electrolytes resistance using Bark
901: This R script defines an anonymous functions to clean up textual datasets. It replaces newline and tab characters with spaces using
902: This R programming script creates phone numbers from an input vector of 1 to ten digits. The first three elements are used
903: This R script defines the Gaussian Gradient Function which calculates and returns either single value or row vector of gradients based on
904: This R script defines the `mangle`function that takes in three arguments - "Name", “Prefix” and"
905: This R script defines the 'plus activation' as an absolute value of input x incremented by  one. It is used
906: This R script defines and uses the `cell_type` to determine whether an image name contains 'e' followed by either
907: This R script defines the 'make queue name' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - m
908: This is an implementation of the Rectified Linear Unit activation ﬁnction in programming. It takes one
909: This R script defines the `rune` to text conversion. It takes in an input data frame with columns named "br
910: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{name}`` to find and returns highest & lowest numbers in
911: This R script defines the Manhatten distance between two vectors as an absolute difference in their corresponding elements. It uses builtin
912: This R script defines an extraction of labels from JSON data structure using the 'jsonlite' package in order to handle nested
913: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'digit to skip' problem. It takes in distinct letter pairs as input
914: This R script defines the 'soft threshold' operation. It takes an input vector `X` and applies elementwise operations to
915: This R script defines the 'getOtherCluster' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
916: This R script defines and uses the `function` named "Split Transmissions". It splits an inputted character vector of
917: This R script defines the 'sameRecord' custom method to compare two records. It checks whether both record names and types are
918: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.in'side.'function'. It takes in one argument
919: This R script defines the 'function' named "Weights to Ether" which converts Weis into Eth values by
920: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'verify attribute' as it takes in one argument, "Response".
921: This R script defines the 'median' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes in one argument,
922: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `responseMessage`. It takes in JSON object as input and checks
923: This R script defines the `default port` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument, protocol
924: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'add leading zeros' to make sure that any string has at
925: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input location string contains any ".", "/" or empty strings. If
926: This R script defines the `street_checks` as an action with four JSON files. The inputs are 4 json
927: This R script defines the 'is.LibriS Edition ID' as an anonymous functions that checks if input string has exactly
928: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input argument matches "dollar sign" and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
929: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to append .CSV extension on any string input. It
930: This R script defines the 'frame number' as an integer value calculated by multiplying total seconds of video with its corresponding "
931: This R script defines the `getHeaderValue` custom utility that retrieves and returns value of specified HTTP request's response
932: This R script defines the `booleanize` functions that takes in an input value and returns its corresponding Boolean equivalent. It uses
933: This R script defines the 'hhmm' to seconds converter by splitting input string into hour and minute parts using ':', then
934: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if the 'answers' in dataframe `df
935: This R script defines the 'required fit points' as an integer value. It subtracts two from input parameter "Order
936: This R script defines the 'formatYearMon' as an inline custom formatter that takes in two arguments - "years"
937: This R script defines three functions to manipulate and summarize job names in an HPC environment where shards are used frequently
938: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'real number' as dividing any inputted standardized numerical value by
939: This R script defines and uses the 'clean\_'function to remove multiple white space characters from an inputted text. The
940: This R script contains three functions that generate SQL queries based on an input list of conditions and keys to search in the condition'
941: This R script defines the 'get_baseline' command to generate Docker commands. It takes parameters such as uids
942: This R script defines the 'getPrivateIpsForInstances' method which prints out private IP addresses of given EC2
943: This R script defines the 'validateStdOut' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
944: This R script defines and uses the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisors of two numbers. It then applies it
945: This R script defines an infinitely steep slope if the difference between corresponding elements of two vectors is zero. The result will be
946: This R script defines the 'function' named "PercentPosToStepNum". It takes two inputs; one is percentage
947: This R script defines the 'isQuantiryRange' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 line funtion that checks if
948: This is an API key generator that takes in one argument, 'Number', and returns different strings based on the value of number
949: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate rainfall attenuation. It takes distance as input and
950: This R script defines the 'short' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, doc. It prints out "cat
951: This R script defines the `truthiness` functions that checks if an input string is considered true, yes or on in different
952: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{funcName}"" that calculates intersection area of two bound
953: This R script defines the `weather emojis` based on input codes representing different types of conditions in terms such usec
954: This R script defines the 'get m se' as an anonymous or lambda style  of functions that calculates Mean
955: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to calculate the slope of success. The inputs are cost 'C', starting amount
956: This R script defines the 'new value' as an arithmetic operation that calculates and returns ‘frac’ of difference
957: This R programming language script defines the 'split paragraph' ….   # Fill in with your own text to complete
958: This R script defines the 'convert_windowsize' to take in an input string, which represents either base pairs or kil
959: This R script defines the `function 'cal calculation sequence of all' which calculates and returns an ordered dictionary showing how far
960: This R script defines the 'divisibility' checker. It takes two arguments - num and ‘’which are
961: This R script defines the `organize_combination`s. It takes two inputs - 'attribue names'
962: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'almost'  which checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than
963: This R programming script defines the 'calculatePolyDeriveTerm' which calculates and returns derivative of an nth
964: This R script defines the 'slug' generator, which takes in an input string and converts it into lowercase letters
965: This R script defines the 'testProdDatasumsto' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It
966: This R script defines the 'weighing' custom functional to multiply each element of an input list by its corresponding value
967: This R script defines the `Find All` functionality. It takes two inputs - 'String' to look into and another one
968: This R script defines the 'intDpid' which converts an input string of hexadecimal values into integer format
969: This R script defines the ```function``` named ``'sfBool'' which takes in an input of type character and conver
970: This R script defines the 'dirty' module operation. It subtracts multiples of "m" from number until
971: This R script defines the 'Facebook to Basic' conversion, which replaces Facebook URLs from mobile version ('mobile')
972: This R script defines the 'criar copiar peça' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 argument, self
973: This R script defines the 'findSMPRts' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments
974: This R script defines the 'function' named "check integer" which checks whether an input value, either numerically or as
975: This R program defines the 'surface area' of an object by calculating its two dimensional areas and then multiplying them with their
976: This R script defines the 'normalize's since value'. It checks whether it is null, character or timestamp and returns
977: This R programming script defines the 'function' named "Brand Usage". It calculates and returns percentage of purchaser
978: This R script defines the 'formatWord' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument, "
979: This R script defines the 'checkRowWinner' method which checks each row of an n x m matrix to see whether
980: This R script defines and uses the 'remove url' custom functions to identify URLs in strings, but it doesn’t
981: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string starts with either 'name' or '%'. It returns TRUE
982: This R script defines the 'isTimestamp' custom validation method to check whether an input string can be converted into POSIX
983: This R programming script defines an adjustable lag correlation coefficient. It takes two parameters 'Gamma' and returns the maximum of Gamma
984: This R script defines the `dict` transformation that converts all keys of an input dictionary to lower case. The transformed version
985: This R script defines the 'isSynonim' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It checks if any
986: This R script defines the 'params' linear model by adding an extra parameter to represent constant.  The factors are passed as
987: This R script defines the 'getHighestValue' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument -
988: This R script defines the `writeDataFile` as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in two parameters - "filename
989: This R script defines the 'format flag'-function. It takes an input string, replaces underscores with hyphens
990: This R script defines the 'colorRGB' as an inline custom formatting tool that converts RGB values into hexad
991: This R script defines the Euclidean distance between two points in n dimensions. The input parameters are vectors of coordinates 'x'
992: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'format provider' as list with four components - ID of Provider ('
993: This R script defines the 'convert old' commands to new ones, replacing placeholders with actual values from system variables or constants
994: This R script defines the 'pred_sqe_mavc' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument -
995: This R script defines the 'clean_HTML' which removes HTML tags from an input string, specifically "<>" and "/
996: This R script defines the 'removeLocation' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - `prefix` and  `list object
997: This R script defines an recursive factorial calculation. It takes one argument, num which is the number to calculate its fact
998: This is an R programming language implementation of linear regression equation. It takes two parameters 'coefficients' and the predictor
999: This R script defines and executes the 'mirror ho hidid' calculation. It takes three parameters - distances of an
1000: This R script defines the 'correction' of sentences by making sure they start with an uppercase letter and end in period
1001: This R script defines the 'getMean' custom functions that calculates and returns average of grades from an input list.
1002: This R script defines the 'usi' to signed integer conversion. It checks whether input value is greater than maximum positive number
1003: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'check' or validation method to validate if all elements in bounding
1004: This R script defines an integer multiplication operation named 'imult' which takes two arguments and returns their product after converting them to
1005: This R script defines and uses the `prep_filessie` to convert input into numerics, handling NULL values by
1006: This R script defines the 'mirror' operation on dictionary objects. It takes as input an arbitrary source, and returns another
1007: This R script defines the 'normaliseInput' customised to remove newline characters, leading and trailing spaces from an
1008: This R script defines the 'getUserAgentFromHeaderMeta' as an anonymous functions that takes in request meta data and returns
1009: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'checkPath' that checks if file exists at given path and
1010: This R programming script defines the 'lj' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object that calculates and returns two terms
1011: This is an R programming language implementation of the absolute difference between two numbers. It's used to calculate distance or differences in
1012: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument and returns the input string with ANSI escape codes prepend
1013: This R script defines an IRC method called "Project" which calculates the next point in optimization process by using gradient and
1014: This R script defines the distance between two positions using absolute difference. It calculates Manhattan Distance in 1D space
1015: This R script defines the 'thermal diffusivty' as an equation that calculates it based on three variables -
1016: This R script defines the 'first_date' comparison logic. It takes two date objects as input and returns TRUE if
1017: This R script defines an integer conversion wrapper around the input tuple, returning two integers from it by casting each element of tup
1018: This R script defines the 'getCorr...  # Your one line description goes here. It's supposedly used
1019: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "Count Character In Grid". It counts occurrences of specific character
1020: This R script defines the 'M to N only' pattern in regular expressions. It takes three inputs - two numbers and one
1021: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or inline 'greeter' ﬁnction to greet the user with
1022: This is an R programming language implementation of the multiplication operation between two numbers. The output shape will be pre defined by using '
1023: This R script defines the 'function' named "Time into String". It takes an input parameter called `"TIME` and
1024: This R programming script defines the 'f' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments m_
1025: This R script defines the 'is in' operator as an anonymous functions that checks if elements of one vector are present within another
1026: This R script defines two functions to generate intermediate coordinates along the line segment defined by any pair of given coordinate pairs. The first
1027: This is an R programming language implementation of the subtraction operation between two variables 'VB' and ‘VC’.
1028: This R script defines the 'round down' functionality. It takes in two parameters; value and ‘multiples’ of
1029: This R script defines the 'Maximum Mutations' calculation. It takes three inputs - H is number of genes; and
1030: This R script defines the 'matchingError' custom method. It takes three arguments - an "errors list", “
1031: This line of R script defines the 'isServiceNamed' custom method. It checks if any element in column "Name"
1032: This R script defines the 'sigma' as an exponential decay model with half life of 30 days, where T is
1033: This R script defines the 'getFile' custom method which retrieves and returns an object from list of files based on its
1034: This R script defines the `S3 Key` generation logic to store revision metadata in S3 bucket. It takes wiki details
1035: This R script defines the `chooseVariantAnnotation` which takes as input three indices and one string. It splits up
1036: This R programming script defines the 'function' named "Interval Width". The input is an array or list of two numbers
1037: This R script defines an anonymous functions that returns the string "extra domain filters". It is used to filter out unwanted domains
1038: This R script defines an equation to calculate the ratio of nozzles in ISEN. The inputs are Mach number and specific
1039: This R script defines the 'getCenterPoint' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in 8 parameters
1040: This R script defines an anonymous functions that filters out the rows of dataframe "ticke"ts where column milestones
1041: This R script defines the 'intToBin' method which converts an integer to its equivalent bit representation of specified length
1042: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the name of cherry picked branch and returns its base part by splitting it
1043: This R script defines the 'blend color' functionality. It takes two RGBA colors as input and blends them together
1044: This R script defines the 'power' or exponentiation operation on two variables. The first variable is called "vr" and
1045: This R script defines the area of an arbitrary quadrilateral given two diagonals using Herons formula and returns it as
1046: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string contains any of several keywords related to events or timelines ("
1047: This is an implementation of the differential equation defined by dy/dx = ax + y^n. Here 'y' represents
1048: This R script defines and uses the 'trycatch' to handle division errors when dividing two numbers in an attempt avoid Na
1049: This R script defines the 'Split' Function which takes in an input of any type and converts it into character format then
1050: This R script defines the 'getAlwaysLives' as an anonymous functions that calculates and returns total bytes of always
1051: This is an R programming language customization of the shiny app. It's used to control which properties are displayed in
1052: This R script defines the 'short'function that takes in an input string called "URI" and returns its first ten characters
1053: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'load identifier' functionality. It takes in one argument, value and checks whether
1054: This R script defines the 'dotAdd' custom addition operation between two vectors. It adds corresponding elements of both input vector and
1055: This R script defines the `get shape` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument called "input
1056: This R script defines and uses the 'map' custom mapping/scaling method to convert values from one range of numbers into
1057: This R script defines the 'is sub dict' as an anonymous functions that checks whether all elements of each list within small dictionary
1058: This R script defines the 'getMachineValue' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - list named
1059: This R script defines and uses the 'getGroupKey' to generate an identifier string based on inputted "GroupName". The
1060: This R script defines the 'fakeBin' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument x which is
1061: This R programming language script defines the 'two or more' regular expression pattern. It takes an input argument of type character called
1062: This R script defines the 'substitute all by empty' functionality. It takes an input string and list of substitutions
1063: This R script defines the 'PRA' to Hours Minutes Second conversion as an anonymous Function named "PRATOH
1064: This R script defines and uses the `simple_reques`t to convert message lists into comma separated strings. The input
1065: This R script defines the 'overlapping' interval calculation. It takes two intervals as input and returns their overlap length if
1066: This R script defines and uses the 'any' built in functions to check if elements of one vector are present within another.
1067: This R script defines the 'k half mode' as an equation involving alpha and three parameters. It calculates fraction raised to
1068: This R script defines the `getPostData` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two parameters - random string
1069: This R script defines the `concatenates` an input list of strings into one string with each element separated by semicol
1070: This R script calculates the factorial of 5 using recursion. The first two versions omit braces and use implicit
1071: This R script defines the 'CompareMBT' which compares two MBTI types by splitting each one into three parts -
1072: This R script defines the 'get cycle end' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1073: This R script defines the 'dot' as an anonymous vectorized operation that takes two vectors x and y of equal length
1074: This R script defines the 'halfUpRound' custom mathematical operation that rounds numbers to specified decimal places based on "H
1075: This R script defines the 'list to pg array' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1076: This R script defines the `function` named 'check' that takes in an URL as input. It splits up each
1077: This R script defines the 'find largest number' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes. It takes
1078: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string 'code' matches with regular expressions. The first regex pattern
1079: This R script defines the 'removesuffi'... [Read more] ```python def remove_prefixes
1080: This is an example of how to calculate the average word lenght in sentence using builtin functions. It splits sentences
1081: This R script defines the 'makegray' customization to adjust RGB color values based on an inputted gray scale conversion ratio
1082: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to convert mass from metric tonnes into kilograms
1083: This R script defines an algorithm to check whether the given number 'is' or isn’t part of triangle numbers. The
1084: This R script defines the 'is.Comment()`function to check if an input line starts with "#". It returns TRUE
1085: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'is float' 1 argument user defined functions that checks whether the input string
1086: This R script defines the 'compute_boudnay' which is used to divide items and users into different intervals based
1087: This R programming script defines the 'fuel' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns energy consumed in j
1088: This R script defines the 'pretty measure' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument, `x
1089: This R script defines the 'get_forescter index' as an inline calculation that takes three inputs; pressure coefficient
1090: This R script defines the `function` named "**" to convert DMS coordinates into Decimal Degrees. It takes
1091: This R script defines and tests the `rfOffVal`, which checks whether an input is either of character type with value
1092: This R script defines the 'htk_in...' to convert an integer value into float by dividing it with
1093: This R programming script defines the recursive 'skip mull' operation. It multiplies all odd numbers from n to zero
1094: This R script defines the 'unlist' functionality by creating an empty vector and iterating over each element of every sublists
1095: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom calculator that performs different arithmetic operations based on the input parameters. It takes
1096: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom handler, which is used to handle HTTP requests. It returns the list
1097: This R script defines the 'function' named "M to Degrees" that converts an input value in minutes into degrees
1098: This R programming script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" to convert samples into millisecond by dividing
1099: This R script defines and uses the 'cumulitive sum' functionality. It takes an input of numerics `vector
1100: This R script defines and uses an attribute getter. The input is the name of some sort, which it formats as bold
1101: This R script defines the 'two of three' calculation. It takes in 3 numbers as input and returns their squares sum
1102: This R script defines the 'UC' Qunction that calculates and returns ucapacity in cubic meters by multiplying
1103: This R script defines the `Word Pair Distance`. It takes two input strings and checks whether they exist in an
1104: This R script defines the 'doesNotContainAtPosition' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes three
1105: This R script defines the `parse schedule` to convert comma separated string of numbers into numerics using regular expressions and split functions
1106: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes double quotes from the beginning and end of any string input. It uses gsub
1107: This R script defines the 'strip commmas' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `text`. It
1108: This R script defines the 'isPixInside' which checks whether given coordinates are inside of an image with specified dimensions
1109: This R script defines the 'jobAllowRunOnMissing' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
1110: This VHDL fixed start ROM generator is based on the input of an 'Address'. It returns formatted string that starts
1111: This R script defines and uses the `catalan` factoring formula to calculate binomials. It then applies it
1112: This R script defines and executes the calculation of vectorized inner product. It takes two vectors as inputs ('dot') calcul
1113: This R script defines the 'calc_offest' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two
1114: This R script defines the 'download sequences' as an empty, self returning zero. It doesn’t perform any actual sequence
1115: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'generateChallege' method. It generates and returns mock challenges based on
1116: This R script defines the 'bootstrap_directory' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments - `
1117: This R script defines and uses the `make_PathPosx` to convert file paths into POSIX format. It
1118: This R script defines the 'calculate delta percentage' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three parameters
1119: This R script defines the 'cleanChr' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
1120: This R script defines the 'piece wise add' operation on two lists of numbers by converting each element to integer and then adding
1121: This is an R programming language script that calculates the decrease in percentages between two numbers. It takes as input parameters '
1122: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string 'lines' are requirements. It does so by checking several
1123: This R script defines the `tryConvertToAggregationFunction` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes
1124: This R script creates an anonymous functions that generates regular expressions to match the last line of text in strings. The input is any
1125: This R script calculates the molecular or atomic concentrations of substances in solution using Avogadro's number and
1126: This R script defines the 'normalize' or transform commodities codes by removing any periods from them. The input is assumed
1127: This R script defines the 'function' named "Pattern Count". It takes two arguments; text and patterns. The purpose of
1128: This R script defines the modal peak of second order system in frequency domain using given parameters such like natural frequencies and damping ratios
1129: This R script defines the `make bool` as an anonymous or inline custom made boolean converter. It takes in one argument,
1130: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the state object and returns all layer names of type 'Image'. The layers
1131: This R script defines the 'calcP' as an equation to calculate power output from voltage and current amplitudes with given
1132: This R script defines and uses an NDWI calculation as part of the Landsat data analysis process using two bands from
1133: This R script defines the `get_extention` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
1134: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in 'reported' messages about "artefact" and returns the key
1135: This R script defines the 'yes no formmatter' as an anonymous or inline custom formatting method that takes in one argument
1136: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or inline 'predict' ﬁle that takes in one argument, score
1137: This R script defines the 'function' named "Path to Filename". It takes in one argument called `"`.
1138: This R script defines the 'binom' or "Binomiall" Function. It calculates combinations of two numbers using
1139: This R script defines the 'function' named `"` to convert an input string representing ‘R’ packages into its
1140: This R script defines the 'nice_pairs' as an anonymous functions that takes in two elements of any type and
1141: This R script checks if there are repeating pairs in the input character vector. It does so by comparing each element of 'x
1142: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string starts with " ref/" or not. It returns either true
1143: This R script checks if all the elements in an input string are distinct. It splits up each word of passphr
1144: This R script defines the 'minor' as an anonymous or self contained piece of executable codes. It takes one argument called
1145: This R script defines four functions to perform operations on quaternions. The first two are used in conjunction with the third one
1146: This R script defines the 'swapToTitleCase' which takes in an input string and converts it into title case.
1147: This R script creates the name of non local services by concatenating different parameters. It takes four arguments - 'Namespace',
1148: This R script defines the 'bounding box' of 3d coordinates by iterating over each coordinate and updating min/
1149: This R script defines the conversion of bounding boxes from COCO format to PASCAL VOC. The input is in
1150: This R script defines the 'calculateBBCenter' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in two parameters,
1151: This R script defines an anonymous functional named 'interface is'n VLAN'. It takes two arguments - the first one
1152: This R script defines the 'isValidGitSha' to check whether an input string matches Git SHA format or
1153: This R script defines the 'isUserInputPopulate' which checks if all elements of user preferences are populated, ex
1154: This R script defines and uses the `valance`function to calculate atomic point group. It returns 0 if atom is
1155: This R script defines an inline revenue calculation based on PLR values using conditional statements to handle different ranges of input data and apply
1156: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the signed double of triangle's or polygon’s areas by using coordinates in Cart
1157: This R script defines the 'compliment' of two vectors if they are both logical and different from each other; otherwise it
1158: This R script defines the 'delNull' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks whether its input is NULL and returns
1159: This R script defines the `getMsg` method which generates an informative message about training settings. It takes three parameters - whether
1160: This R script defines the 'compare' functions that compares two inputs and returns -1 when first input is less than second
1161: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the named "explorentity" that replaces underscores in
1162: This R script defines the 'function' named "xxxx" that takes in an input of length four and returns its second to
1163: This R script defines the 'function' called "`code_summary.R" that replaces all instances of "/","
1164: This R script defines the 'function' named "Color Clamper". It takes an input vector of colors, and returns
1165: This ROS node command creates an object that instruct the system to unregister or remove from advertised services. The 'list
1166: This R script defines the 'tileToScreen' method which calculates and returns an array with two elements representing coordinates on
1167: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'function' named "`"". The purpose of it seems to be
1168: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that counts the number of times measurements increase from one position to another.
1169: This R script defines the 'find voxels' which is used to convert 3D spatial coordinates into indices of an
1170: This R programming script defines the 'fallingfactorical' as an recursive or iterative process to calculate factorial of
1171: This R script defines the 'server node'. It takes two arguments - host name and an ID. If no id is provided
1172: This R script defines the 'normalise' or sometimes called as "norm"  is used in data preprocessing. It
1173: This R script defines the 'thumbnails' as functions that take in an image file name and resize it. It does
1174: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument, obj and returns NULL when the input is
1175: This R script defines the 'strTagsToList' as an inline helper to convert comma separated string of hashtags into
1176: This R script defines the 'to_roo tex'function. It takes an input string, removes dollar signs and
1177: This R script defines the 'round to an integer multiple of' operation. It takes two arguments; one is "the number
1178: This R script defines the 'remove url' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
1179: This R script defines the 'get subject' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument called
1180: This R script defines the 'two port swap ports' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument - "Complex data".
1181: This R script defines and uses an anonymous ("kwote" or quote, as it is often called hereafter due its re
1182: This R script defines the 'consecutive_wordss's core as an algorithm that compares two lists of repeated
1183: This R script defines an HTML list box generator. It takes the names as input parameters along with corresponding "label",and
1184: This is an R programming language implementation of the JWT get label from payload handler. It takes in 'jti'
1185: This R script defines the 'dl to mL' conversion. It takes an input in decilitres and converts it
1186: This R script defines the 'indexStart' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument, ii and
1187: This R script defines the 'get_eq' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two points in
1188: This R script defines the 'drop table' SQL command as an inline customizable string. It takes one argument, which is
1189: This R script defines the 'generate_trats' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one
1190: This R script defines the 'blockchain buy in' calculation. It takes an input of "Desire Buy In" and
1191: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'all' type of custom functions that checks whether every element within the provided input
1192: This R script defines three functions to match patterns in strings, with different levels of specificity and flexibility based on the input parameters
1193: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in arguments as list and returns them concatenated into one string with no leading or
1194: This R script defines the `combine extractor and dimension name` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It
1195: This R script defines the 'remove min line' as an operation on matrices. It subtracts each element of one row
1196: This R script defines two nested functions `array` and 'try' to extract volume data from an object in the module parameter
1197: This R script defines an algorithm to find the shared prefix of strings in vector 'name'. It uses iteration and string manipulation
1198: This R script defines the 'generate st helena' data generation process which generates different dates based on inputted date parameters and
1199: This R script defines and tests the 'function' named `"`{code}`` to convert numeric values into string
1200: This R script defines the 'get update str' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument,
1201: This R Shiny app's button is disabled when the user cliks on it, by setting its display property to
1202: This R script defines the conversion of temperature from Celsuus to Fahrenheight using an input parameter 'Cel
1203: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the alias name of authentication information and returns its official HabitRPG equivalent
1204: This R script defines the 'findPowerOfTwo' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line solution to calculate and
1205: This R script defines the 'normalize point' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes. It takes
1206: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'adjuset size'. It takes one argument, length. If
1207: This is an R programming language implementation of the simple 𝑦=mx+b line equation. It takes in
1208: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates SSH command strings to connect with EC2 instances. The input is expected as list
1209: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" to calculate and return an adjusted size of text based
1210: This R script defines the 'pressure normalization' as an inline or anonymous functions. It takes two arguments - p_numer
1211: This R script defines the 'code' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument, "Program". It uses system() to
1212: This R script defines the 'humanise' or "humane" number formatting. It takes an input value, checks
1213: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`. It takes an input string, removes any trailing alphan
1214: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in two parameters. The first parameter is the name of any object
1215: This is the implementation of Matya's test problem in R programming language which evaluates two variables and returns their value based
1216: This is an R programming language script that calculates the income taxes based on given input of 'GROSS' salary by
1217: This R script defines the 'isYES' or boolean equivalent of an inputted text. It checks whether it matches common
1218: This R script defines the uniform prior probability density. It takes two parameters - 'parameter' and bounds which are used to define
1219: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'isValidFile' that checks if the input file name ends with
1220: This is an implementation in R programming language that performs linear interpolation between two values 'a' and b at time parameterized
1221: This R script defines the 'function', named "`" ```rsponse test```", that checks whether an
1222: This R script defines the `qname` or qualified name as per OpenOffice/Libre Office standards and returns it in
1223: This R script defines the 'hyper' replace() method. It takes three arguments - input string "x", vector of strings
1224: This R script defines and uses the 'isUserTypeAuthorised' to check whether or not an inputted `usert
1225: This R script defines the 'cleanEnsemblId' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
1226: This R script defines the `generate` method to extract captions from JSON data based on DCS IDs using an iter
1227: This R script creates an URL linking to Google Maps with the specified address as query parameter in order display its location on maps
1228: This R script defines the 'make_fileshort' as an anonymous functions that takes in full path of LAS files and
1229: This R script defines the 'sortablede' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument called date. It splits
1230: This R script defines the 'turn to word's()`function. It takes an input string `" + "and
1231: This R script defines an Arduino version generator that takes the ARDUINOS as input and returns their versions by concatenating each
1232: This R script defines the 'cleanInvites' custom method which removes Discords invitations from text by replacing them with an
1233: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the given 'Entity' is within any of its spanned groups. The
1234: This R script defines the 'getIndexTableNameForRelease()`function. It takes an argument `" + "$
1235: This R script defines an iterative Fibonaci sequence generator. It takes in one parameter, 'stop after', which
1236: This is an implementation of the Bilinea Interploatoin formula in R. It takes five parameters and two inputs
1237: This R script defines the `caterpiller` sequence generator. It takes an input vector 'frames', replaces each
1238: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, 'x'. If x is equal to 0 or more
1239: This R script defines the 'numStr' custom method that takes in an input value, converts it to numerics and
1240: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'function' that takes in one argument, adds 1 to it and prints
1241: This R script defines and uses the `function` named 'MachNo' to calculate Mach number from mass ratios of two
1242: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes as input 'a list of lists' and returns the one with maximum date from
1243: This R script defines the 'function' named "Sectionbytes". It takes in one argument called `"sections`. If
1244: This R script defines the `formColumns` method which takes as input an argument called 'Board'. It initializes and
1245: This R script defines the 'serial number' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument - unique identifier
1246: This R script defines the 'jamify' as an anonymous functions that takes in string input, replaces all undersco
1247: This R script defines the `formatUser` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - "
1248: This R script defines the 'falseToNone' custom validation rule that transforms logical "FALSE" values to NULL in user
1249: This R script defines the 'convert' functions that replaces square brackets with nothing and “zero”s to hyp
1250: This R script defines the 'gate error to interleaved bit rate decay' calculation. It takes three inputs; `inter
1251: This R script defines an accuracy calculation method that calculates the proportion of correct predictions in given output and target vectors. The '
1252: This R script defines the 'deep merge' functionality which merges two lists recursively by comparing each key of both input list
1253: This R script defines the 'choose_heights' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates and returns
1254: This R script defines the 'Level Points' calculation. It takes an input parameter, "LEVEL", and calculates
1255: This R program calculates the difference between squares of sums and their individual squared elements in an arithmetic series. The result
1256: This R script defines the 'scale to one' functionality. It takes an iterative object as input, finds its maximum value
1257: This R script defines the `commaSeparated` custom method to convert lists into strings with elements separated by commas.
1258: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to calculate the squares. The input is ‘square
1259: This R script defines the 'function' named "generateRouteName" that takes four arguments - prefix and two sets of names
1260: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'remove.XML()`function that removes '.xmL"
1261: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions named "es par" that checks if the input number is even. It does
1262: This R script defines the 'distribute' functional. It takes two inputs; an integer value of "total" and another
1263: This R script defines the 'getAppUrl' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - configuration
1264: This R script defines and uses the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It then prints out results
1265: This R script defines the 'function' named "Step Number to Percentage Positive" which calculates and returns what
1266: This R script maps Facebook user info to SSO User Info. It takes in the Cogntio ID and Email from
1267: This R script defines the 'findVolume' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - radars
1268: This R script defines the 'relativeViewName' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes two arguments - `"
1269: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula given in "The Art and Science Of Problem Solving" by G.
1270: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string contains any of several predefined phrases indicating leaving or ex
1271: This R script defines the 'randIndexPairCount' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates random index
1272: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks whether the input argument starts with 'Remove' in any case
1273: This R script defines an updating balance calculation. It takes in the initial 'balances', and adds to them based on contributions
1274: This R program defines an recursive algorithm to calculate the number of combinations in which you can reach from step zero by taking either
1275: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named "IsAllowed". It takes in two parameters
1276: This R script defines the `verify`function that checks whether two character vectors are identical except possibly in whitespaces at start
1277: This R script defines the 'pawnMovement()', which modifies an input list based on whether its argument is representing
1278: This R script defines and uses the `get names`function to prompt user input. It takes an argument of how many student
1279: This R script defines an anonymous ("underscore_function.R" in the file name, not shown here due to length
1280: This R script defines the `checkValid` method to validate whether all cards of one suit are either Kings or belong only within
1281: This R script defines the 'get_picketfencelvlseq' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions
1282: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that generates URLs of quarterly EDGAR master indices based on the input
1283: This R script defines an error message generator that creates custom messages when no Ansbile Playbooks are marked with specific types of
1284: This R script defines the `getLocalBatchSize` method, which calculates and returns local batch size based on options provided
1285: This R script defines the 'remove empty leading and trailling' which removes all blank lines from both ends of an input vector
1286: This R script defines the `parsePutLocationResponse` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
1287: This R script defines two functions to calculate the pressure at any given depth in an elastic tube with variable inner and outer diameters
1288: This R script defines the 'hund\_case\_\[B\] Landauer G factor' as an anonymous/unn
1289: This R script defines the `process_files` as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Content Type". It
1290: This R script defines the `countOsD`, which counts all OSDS from Cephan Ansbile Disks
1291: This R script defines the `estimateNullProp` as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes in one argument
1292: This R script defines the 'convert box' which takes in five parameters and returns four values. It calculates coordinates of bound
1293: This R script defines an algorithm to determine whether or not the given year is Leap Year. It checks divisibility by
1294: This R script defines an anonymous functions that calculates the modular power of base raised to given 'power' under provided ‘
1295: This line of R codes defines the 'average' or "mean" calculation in response time data with NA values removed from
1296: This R script defines the 'clamp' functional. It ensures that any input number x is within specified lower and upper limits
1297: This R script defines the 'trimHash' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that trims any input string to its first
1298: This R script defines the 'genus_parNameParSpecie' as an anonymous functions that takes in three arguments -
1299: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of 'cell' that takes in one argument called ```"index".```
1300: This R script defines an updating mechanism that checks and updates the values of streams based on event data. It returns whether there were
1301: This R script defines an intersections between two linked lists. It counts the number of common elements present within both list and returns
1302: This R script defines the 'getUserId' custom method. It takes an input string, removes any leading "less than
1303: This R programming language script defines the 'rev' as an anonymous 	function that takes in one argument, "x", and
1304: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda functions to calculate the cubic of any number. The result is printed out
1305: This R script defines the 'process.URL' as an anonymous or lambda like functional object that takes in one argument -
1306: This is an implementation of the mathematical model used in epidemiology to predict disease spread based on various parameters such as initial reprodu
1307: This R script defines the `pluralizer` which takes in two arguments - an input string and numeric value representing quantity
1308: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string contains one of several special characters commonly used in programming languages.
1309: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string 'lines' are requirements. It does so by removing comments
1310: This R script defines an inline 'In Range' Function that checks if the input value is within specified range.  It returns
1311: This R script defines and uses the 'near field shift' calculation. It applies it to different combinations of focal length watts
1312: This R script defines the 'period' as calculating how many numbers are needed to reach modulo of one with respect given number
1313: This R script defines the mean of beta binoms. It takes three inputs - 'b', number ‘successes’
1314: This R script defines the 'parseInput' custom method that takes in raw data from an input file and parses it into
1315: This R script defines the 'transform's to convert an input string of software versions into integers by splitting on periods and converting
1316: This R script defines the 'function' named "ResultFileName" which generates file names based on an output directory and some labels
1317: This R script defines an encryption/decryption algorithm using modular exponentiation. The 'encrypted' message is the result of
1318: This R script defines the 'getheight' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, matrix. It returns length of
1319: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in URLs and returns the corresponding WikiNews pages' exports links by extract
1320: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom defined 'function' named `thedeciaml` that
1321: This R script defines the 'get inverse' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that calculates and returns four values of
1322: This R script defines and uses the recursive 'Fact' Function to calculate Fact of  number. It then prints out result
1323: This R script defines the `buttonWebUrl` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "
1324: This R script defines the recursive `format_error`s to convert nested error lists into human readable messages with each
1325: This R script defines the 'sortString' custom method that sorts and concatenates all characters in an inputted character vector al
1326: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'mean' calculation. It takes in as input, any numeric vector and
1327: This R script defines the `uniform` functions that takes as input an argument of type 'List'. It creates and returns another
1328: This R script defines an anonymous functions that filters out the even numbers from given vector of coins. The result is returned as output
1329: This R script defines an encryption algorithm that rearranges characters of the input string based on their position within another sequence. The
1330: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input value is in correct format of passports ID, which should be
1331: This R script defines the `quoatte string` funtion. It takes an argument and checks whether it contains double quotes
1332: This R script defines the 'roundIfInt' custom method that checks whether an input value is of type double and integer,
1333: This R script defines the 'create v pc' as an inline module that creates VPC configuration with specified parameters. It takes
1334: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if all the word in passphrases are distinct. It splits each
1335: This R script defines the area of triangle using coordinates. It uses Heron's formula to calculate it based on three points
1336: This R script defines the 'getRSSIText' as an inline conditional statement that categorizes signal strength based on its
1337: This R script defines the 'Resource to Scopes' Function. It takes an input parameter called `"` and returns it
1338: This R programming script defines an optimization policy that aims to minimize the distance between 'states' and predefined values. The
1339: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'ensure boolean' which checks whether input is logical or character type and
1340: This R script defines an `increment_letters` that takes in one character string as input. It checks whether the
1341: This R script defines the 'function' named "Score Reference Dist" which takes in one argument called `Sim Frame`.
1342: This script defines several functions that convert dates in various formats into ISO date format and then extracts specific components such as the quarter
1343: This R script defines the 'returnOne' custom method that returns an output string with leading spaces and text. It takes one
1344: This R script defines the 'F' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns half of sum squares from two
1345: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{name}``. It takes three arguments; an object of
1346: This R script defines the ```function``` named "`"**'luntofrebsddiskname'" **
1347: This R script defines the `function` named '**' to convert floating point numbers into binary strings. The input parameters are
1348: This R script defines the 'deUnicode' custom method that converts input to character type, effectively removing any Unic
1349: This R script defines the 'isEndsWithUnderscores' as an anonymous functions that checks whether input string
1350: This R script defines the 'stripBeginEndPublicKey' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one
1351: This R script defines the 'ms to km/hr' conversion as an anonymous or self contained, single line of executable codes
1352: This R script defines the 'normalized' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, text and
1353: This R script defines and calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in three dimensions. The calculation involves taking absolute differences
1354: This R script defines the 'cmd_line' to convert list of commands into one single string. It uses `;`
1355: This R programming language script defines the 'bold' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument - `"`
1356: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate solute concentration in water based on fat content and its specific gravity
1357: This R script defines the 'findColumn' as an anonymous or inline custom defined functions. It takes two arguments; "Text
1358: This R script defines the 'get_precentages' as an inline calculation to find out percentage change between two prices.
1359: This R script defines the 'build_serach_quey' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes three
1360: This R script defines the 'isFilePath' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It checks if input string
1361: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether the input data has specific column variables named "URI",
1362: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable method to generate lists with four components - 'value', ‘columns’
1363: This R script defines the 'hmstosecond' custom functions that converts time in HHMMSS format to
1364: This R script checks whether there is any negative number in the given numeric input. If yes it returns 'TRUE', otherwise
1365: This R script defines the 'stats' custom functions that calculates and returns both arithmetic average ('Mean') as well
1366: This R script calculates the number of frames in an audio signal given its duration and other parameters. It uses integer division to
1367: This R script defines the 'calcCanopystore' as an input variable and calculates drain rate based on its
1368: This R programming script defines the calculation of accuracy in machine learning models. It takes four parameters - true positives 'tn',
1369: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'function' called "Plurialize". It takes three arguments - count of items
1370: This R script defines the 'replace_StUfF' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one
1371: This R script defines the 'get w start' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments;
1372: This R script defines the 'one hot encode' functionality which takes an integer input from range [o to n], where both
1373: This R script defines an anonymous functions that parses AWS CloudTrail events. It extract the S3 bucket name from '
1374: This R script defines the 'string or Default' Function which checks whether input message is NULL and not character type OR empty length
1375: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `{...}``. It checks whether given ‘’
1376: This R script defines the 'flatten list' functionality by using lambda functions. It takes in an input of nested lists
1377: This R script defines the 'toLists' custom method, which converts scrape data into lists.  The input
1378: This R script defines and executes the 'write list' functionality. It takes in two parameters - "Genomes" which
1379: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in tokens and joins them into one string with space as
1380: This R script defines the `extract pattern' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
1381: This R script defines the 'sanitize' or cleanup operation on DYNAMO DB tables by append
1382: This R script defines the 'Split Words' Function. It takes as input an argument named `list` and returns another
1383: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in permission level as input and returns the next higher even number. If it'
1384: This R program defines the 'trailling zeros' as counting how many times five divides into an integer. It then
1385: This R script creates an alphanumeric key by concatenating the device ID and type of data. The keys are used
1386: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "Stretching" to map values from one range of numbers into
1387: This R script defines the 'get angularity' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes that calculates
1388: This R script defines and uses the Boyer–Moore voting algorithm to identify an element that appears more than half of all
1389: This R script defines the 'format.Hex' as an anonymous functions that takes in three arguments, representing RGB values of
1390: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate resistance from given values, which can be used in electrical circuits such
1391: This R script defines the 'dist interval' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three parameters - v
1392: This R script defines the 'function' named "Divisor List". It takes an input number and finds all its positive integers
1393: This R script defines the 'chord' as half of product between two inputs and their difference respectively to calculate area under curve
1394: This R script defines the 'rewrite name' as an anonymous functions that takes in file names and replaces specific substrings
1395: This R script defines the 'construct processor name' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "
1396: This R script defines the 'Rate to Height' conversion. It takes two parameters - Rain Flow Rate and Duration of
1397: This R script defines the `guessNameFromUri`, which takes in an URI and attempts to extract meaningful name from
1398: This R script defines the 'calcPrecipitatioN ExceSs' as an anonymous or lambda style
1399: This is an R programming language script that checks whether every color from the 'given' list exists within another named "allCol
1400: This R script defines the 'intersect' functionality by comparing coordinates and dimensions of two rectangles. It returns TRUE if they
1401: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes two arguments - 'sequence' and additional elements to be added
1402: This R script defines and uses the 'scale' custom scaling/normalization method that takes in five parameters to perform linear transformation
1403: This R script defines the 'get similar groups' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes two arguments - target
1404: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that removes specific characters from the given string. The list of these unwanted
1405: This R script defines the 'strip_newlines' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1406: This R script defines the 'primes' functions that generates prime factors of an input integer. It uses two variables to keep
1407: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `code:"  to check if content of any given text/
1408: This R script defines the 'Modulo' operation on lists. It multiplies every second element by two, subtracts
1409: This R script defines an anonymous recursive mathematical formula that calculates the sum of squares up to 'N'. It uses base
1410: This R script defines an empty customizable 'get solution' function. It takes one argument, story which is expected
1411: This R script defines the `function` named "Split Tickers". It takes an input parameter called ticker. The
1412: This R script defines the 'r_function' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
1413: This R script defines the 'norm' 3.0 version of normalization formula which calculates normalized score based on two sizes
1414: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two parameters - type name and its corresponding 'Sub Type'.
1415: This is an implementation of linear interpolation in R. It takes three parameters 'lerping' between two points `A`
1416: This R programming script defines the 'LMpm total size' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two
1417: This R script defines an Angle Differencing Function that calculates the difference between two angles. It uses absolute value and
1418: This R script defines and uses the `getDiffRate` to calculate difference rate between two numbers. It returns actual value when
1419: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of 'isvalid' method that checks if inputted string equals either lowercase
1420: This R script defines the 'crlfs' as an inline comment checker. It checks whether each inputted string ends
1421: This R script defines the `function` to create instrument response functions using sBatch job scheduler in LST chain analysis pipeline
1422: This R script defines the 'bound' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes three arguments - x is any numeric value
1423: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'safe open' concept. It attempts to safely opens and returns files in U
1424: This is an implementation of the Metropolis algorithm's step size update rule. It returns -1*current height plus
1425: This is an implementation of the Eulers method in R programming language. It calculates and returns next value based on current
1426: This R script defines the 'function' named "Pixels to Meters" which converts pixels into meters based on
1427: This R script defines the 'toDirStr()`function. It takes an input string, removes all spaces and single quotes
1428: This R script defines the 'dequote()`function that removes single or double quotes from both ends of an input string `
1429: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that removes all white spaces from the input string, which is typically used to
1430: This R script defines an IoU calculation between two bounding boxes. It takes as input the proposal and annotation rectangles in
1431: This R script defines the Heavyside step/unit impulse functio. It takes one argument, value and returns
1432: This is an R programming language implementation of the Exponential Easing In formula, which provides smooth acceleration from zero to full value
1433: This R script defines and uses an inline calculation to add the approximate atmospheric refractions value with its corresponding sun elevation angle
1434: This R script defines the 'lustre' client ID as sprinf of file system name and mount point.  The
1435: This R script defines the 'parseTitle' custom method which removes HTML tags from input string and replaces multiple spaces with single
1436: This R script defines the 'is.PythaogreianTripl'e()`function to check whether three numbers
1437: This R programming script defines the 'flat' as an anonymous recursive ‘function’ that takes in one argument. The
1438: This R script defines the 'v2S' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes one argument, val and returns
1439: This R script defines the 'calc_Diff' Function which calculates difference between two times in minutes and returns NULL when
1440: This is an R programming language implementation of HTML encoding. It replaces special characters with their corresponding entities in the input string,
1441: This R script defines the `ft` to cm conversion using an input of both foot and inch measurements in string format with quot
1442: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that removes unwanted characters from the input string. The specifics are removing
1443: This R script defines the 'pkg\_'function to compare two version numbers of packages by splitting them into individual components and comparing
1444: This R script defines the recursive 'factorial' calculation. It takes an input of "n", calculates n*
1445: This R script defines the 'function' named "Word to Index". It takes as input an argument called `"VOC
1446: This R script defines the 'function' named `ij2m` that takes an input of two characters, converts them
1447: This R script defines an anonymous wrapper around the 'apply' method to check whether all elements of input value are callables or
1448: This R script defines the 'format logging' as an anonymous/lambda style functional programming. It takes in one argument - `
1449: This R script defines the 'getUniqueItems' custom functions that takes two lists of pairs as inputs. It unlists
1450: This R script defines the 'test_head'er()function that generates and returns an instrument metadata HEADER as per
1451: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input 'sources' is of type git or github. The condition
1452: This R script calculates the Intersection over Union of two bounding boxes. It first defines each corner's coordinates and
1453: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customary greeting message. It takes in one argument 'Name', and returns
1454: This R script defines an AWS EC2 security group ingression rule with IP range set to 'anywhere' and protocol being
1455: This R script defines and uses an anonymous custom exception handling `trycatch` to greet users with their names. It handles errors
1456: This R script defines the 'interpolation' method using cubic Hermitian polynomials to estimate values between two points with known
1457: This R script defines the `parseParams` method which takes an input string of parameters separated by spaces and parses them into
1458: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'unpacking' concept. It takes as input two elements, where one
1459: This R script defines the derivative of Sigmoidal Function, which is used in backpropagation algorithms to update weights during
1460: This R script defines the 'group by lines' functionality. It takes as input an array of objects with line attribute and groups
1461: This R script defines the `getRefPath`, which returns different paths based on OpenAPI major version. It checks whether
1462: This R script defines the 'dot' functional to calculate and returns scalar product of two vectors. It uses simple looping construct
1463: This is an R programming language solution to the problem of health points in fictional game. It takes two parameters 'Health
1464: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if two intervals overlap. The inputs are the lower and upper bounds of each interval
1465: This R script generates Fibbonaci numbers using recursive functions. It prints the first five, seventh and twelfth
1466: This R script defines the 'power' of an input number by raising it to its specified exponent. The result is returned as
1467: This line of R codes defines the simple model y = mx+c where 'm' is slope and c represents inter
1468: This R script defines the 'remove duplicated' functionality. It takes as input an arbitrary number of data frames and removes duplicate
1469: This R script defines an algorithm that merges numbers from input vector 'x' by shifting all zeros to the end of
1470: This R script defines the 'count parents' as counting all nodes that have an edge pointing to them in graph data structure starting
1471: This R script defines the 'function' named "Percentage". It takes two arguments - value and argument which are used
1472: This R script defines the 'packageloader' username. It takes an input string, converts it into lower
1473: This is an implementation of the formula used in statistical analysis to calculate probability based on exponential decay model with given parameters 'p'
1474: This R script defines the 'getFileName' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in run number and returns corresponding
1475: This R script defines the 'Poziomy' custom class and includes an object method named "ukończone
1476: This R script defines the 'top row' of any given inputted ‘Matrix’. It does so by selecting and
1477: This R script defines the `cm_value` to JavaScript converter. It takes an input data frame with columns 'X'
1478: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of customizable JavaScript. It takes two arguments - n and 'toggle'. The
1479: This R script defines the 'massageLink' method which removes any HTML tags, quotes or angle brackets from an input
1480: This R script defines the 'get class' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument `X
1481: This R script creates an object 'message' with two components. The first component is the input parameter "command" which contains
1482: This R script defines the 'center' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that calculates and returns geographic centroid
1483: This R programming script defines the 'rc_rox' to convert grid coordinates from Cartesian system into polar coordinate. It
1484: This R script defines the 'yearIsInt' custom logic to check whether all elements of an input vector are integers or not
1485: This R script defines the 'prime check' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes in one argument, ```
1486: This R script defines the 'quit_thumbfunction'. It takes an input parameter, which is expected to be
1487: This R script defines the `speedRound`function that calculates and returns an estimated distance covered in seconds based on input
1488: This is an implementation of the Hernquist profile model in R programming language which calculates density at any radius from center
1489: This R script defines the 'is variable' as an anonymous or inline ‘function’ that checks if input argument `X
1490: This R script defines and uses the 'get_value' custom made to find maximum value from given numeric vector. The
1491: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes the first line of standard input as argument. It splits it into parts by
1492: This R script defines the 'function' named `"` to convert MAC addresses from string format into integer tuples using
1493: This R script defines the 'is integer' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes in one argument,
1494: This R script defines the 'fixAge' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1495: This R script creates an unnamed parameter object with the specified 'include entities' value set to false. The created parameters are
1496: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'function' that takes one argument, multiplies it by the number
1497: This R script defines the `findPos`function that determines whether an input string begins with either of four letters ('N',
1498: This R script defines an ISO formatting utility that takes in date and time components from the input 'dateTime' object as
1499: This R script defines the 'reserached before' functionality. It checks whether or not an inputted techonlogy
1500: This R script defines the 'convert from ms to s' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in
1501: This R script defines the 'lower' as an anonymous or inline functions that converts all uppercase characters in input text to
1502: This R script defines the 'value' as an anonymous or inline custom defined scalar/function that takes one argument `epsilon`
1503: This R script defines the 'snaketoCamel' custom method. It takes in an input string with underscores
1504: This R script defines and uses the `eq7` equation. It takes four parameters as input - 'ce', "ct
1505: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string 'tmp' contains only valid characters. The allowed character set
1506: This R script defines the `letter_grader` which calculates and returns an alphabetical equivalent of numerical scores.
1507: This R script defines an anonymous functions that splits input text into lines using the newline character as delimiter. It
1508: This R script defines the 'dot' functional. It takes two vectors as input and checks their lengths are equal; otherwise it
1509: This R script defines an recursive factorization algorithm that reduces the input number by dividing it with its smallest possible prime factors
1510: This R script defines the 'getOrigFileName' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1511: This R script defines the 'decide winners' which takes an input of matches and determines who won by comparing scores from each
1512: This R script defines the 'function' named "True Positive" which calculates and returns number of True positives from
1513: This is an R programming language script that defines the parameters of two functions - 'params' and ‘kernel’ which are
1514: This R script calculates the Return on Investments by using an initial capital of $1万 and investing it over six years
1515: This R script defines the 'data by technology' as an anonymous functions that takes two parameters - "lines" and “
1516: This R script defines and uses the 'round_to' custom functions to perform different rounds on numbers based upon specified bases or
1517: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether any element from 'BILL TITLES' vector matches input string.
1518: This R script defines the 'midpoint' of two points in xy coordinates by calculating halfway between their respective X and
1519: This R script defines the 'rename_elements' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - one is string type variable
1520: This R script defines an iterative Fibonaci sequence generator and calculates the sum of its elements. The naï
1521: This R script defines the 'normalization' or scaling of data. It takes in four parameters; x is what needs to
1522: This R script defines the 'timestamp difference' as an absolute value of subtraction between two timestamps. It is used
1523: This R script defines the 'getFileText' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that reads lines from files. It
1524: This script defines two functions to generate condition dictionaries. The first one is used when the data needs cell coloring based on values
1525: This R script defines the `get tool box application channel` which takes an input of "App Path". It checks whether it
1526: This R programming script defines the 'function' named "mean square" which takes two arguments - an average and variance. It
1527: This R script defines the 'is.valid' or more commonly known as `IsAutonomous` in some programming languages
1528: This R script defines the 'Sanitizer' or cleaning up tool. It takes an input string, trims whitespace
1529: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks if the input parameters 'circulation rate', ‘is
1530: This R script defines an object navigation utility that navigates through nested lists using dot notation. It checks the existence of each
1531: This R script defines the 'indexRestrict' as an inline constraint to ensure that any given array or list input has valid
1532: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or inline functions to determine the corner coordinates based on input value of ```"left
1533: This R script defines the 'write to'function that writes inputted string into specified files. It opens and closes each
1534: This R script defines the `getMockResponse` method which returns an object containing information about HTTP requests. The returned data includes
1535: This R script defines the 'stripPin...' to remove unnecessary characters from version dependencies in software packages, such as leading spaces
1536: This R script defines the 'prepend' operation on all elements of an input list. It takes two arguments - "params
1537: This R script defines the 'setUsers' custom method which takes in two parameters - an existing database and new user data.
1538: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input vector of weekday numbers represents continuous weeks. It does so by
1539: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether there is at least one 'NULL' element within the input list or vector
1540: This R script defines the `mat3` modulus operation on three elements of an input array or list by subtracting multi
1541: This R script defines the `convertToNumerics` custom conversion method that takes in an input string and attempts to coerce
1542: This R script defines an integer validation checker named 'brightness'. It checks whether input values are within specified range and returns
1543: This R script defines an ARN generator. It takes in the policy's short form and returns its full AWS Resource Name
1544: This R script defines the 'is_prime' method, which checks whether an input number x has any factors other than itself
1545: This R script defines the 'rescaling' operation. It takes in five parameters; x is any numeric value to
1546: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'extract' 1ine that removes the string '/ dev / from any input
1547: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes the specified string from another text. If both texts are equal or input is not
1548: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate frequency dependent amplitude. The input parameters are 'frequency' and coefficients
1549: This R script defines the 'normalize spaces' as an inline operation that trims leading and trailing white space from input
1550: This R script defines the `Start of Chunks` logic. It checks whether to initiates new chuck based on given
1551: This R script defines the 'remove duplicated' functionality. It takes as input an arbitrary length of lists and returns another identical
1552: This R script defines an algorithm that calculates the order of modulus using Euclid's Algorithm. It takes two
1553: This R script creates an object named 'result' as type of List with two elements - title and contents from the input parameters
1554: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input symbol starts with 'pararm_'. It returns TRUE or False
1555: This R script defines and uses the 'remote\_' url generator to convert git urls from ssh format ("userName"@
1556: This R script defines the 'get value' as an anonymous or lambda like functions that takes one argument x and returns its
1557: This R script defines the 'get_elec'... [+]   ## Not sure what to write here,
1558: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces all dashes and dots in the input string with underscores, effectively
1559: This R programming script defines the 'giai\_'function'. It takes two arguments - coefficients of linear equation ax + by
1560: This R script defines an anonymous helper that adds the attribute "TRUE" to any inputted functional argument named 'chain'. The
1561: This R script defines the 'degtoHMS' as converting degrees to Hour Minute Seconds format with millisecond
1562: This R script defines the 'mapToDuration' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
1563: This R script defines the 'rgb2Hex' functions that converts RGB values to hexadecimal color codes
1564: This R script defines the recursive `function` named 'is symbolic'. It checks whether an input variable ('variable') either
1565: This R script defines and uses the `calcLabours` to calculate labor cost based on potential yields, with an assumed
1566: This R script defines the 'function' named "Duration" which calculates and returns difference between last element of input vector ("
1567: This R script defines the `getCaseInput` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument - "
1568: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'generate subject' which takes two parameters; "Software Release"
1569: This R script defines the ```function``` named 'SpeedForHuman' which takes an argument called "speeds".
1570: This R script defines the ```function``` named "**`"{c("","")} 1039
1571: This R programming script defines the 'Speed Section Bot' as an equation that calculates and returns bot section of vehicle speeds based
1572: This R script defines an algorithm to generate the Fibonaci sequence up until 'N' and sums all even numbers in
1573: This R script creates an HTML tag "table heading cell" with the input text.  The output is used to create headers
1574: This is an R programming language script that defines the `carbon black binary info host observed alternate` as returning TRUE if both
1575: This R script defines the 'Width Bar' as an anonymous or inline customizable bar chart size generator based on percentage input value
1576: This R script defines and uses the 'est\_null' to estimate proportion of significant results from continuous distribution using P values as
1577: This R script defines and tests the 'function' named ``````. It checks whether two or more consecutive elements in an
1578: This R script defines the 'function' named "check" which checks whether an inputted value is present within provided list of
1579: This R script defines the 'remove list duplications' as removing duplicate elements from an input vector. It does so by using
1580: This R script defines the 'reverse black and white' image processing operation. It takes an input of type numeric matrix
1581: This is an R programming language implementation of the arithmetic mean calculation between two numbers 'x' and y'. The result will
1582: This R script defines an anonymous testing framework that returns different messages based on whether the ingredient list includes 'easter' or not
1583: This R script defines the 'safetostring' or `safeStr`, which takes an input value and returns
1584: This is an R programming language implementation of the indicator 𝑛 where it returns '+' when x equals to
1585: This R script defines an algorithm that calculates the number of fish which will survive. It uses LIFO data structure to
1586: This R script creates an index tag by concatenating the input 'value' to uppercase version of trimmed and combined versions
1587: This R script creates and returns an output string in the format " L , KP ," where 'K' is any
1588: This R programming script defines an elementary operation to sum two lists of equal length. It uses the '+' operator which is
1589: This R script defines and uses the 'alpha' values in an ascending order from given start point ('start') to zero
1590: This R programming script defines the 'bel' multiplication method, which takes an input of type double and returns its square divided by
1591: This R script defines the 'remove_cnun' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument called
1592: This R script defines the 'is.Comment' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if input string starts with '#'.
1593: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks whether all values of the input vector 'x' is empty
1594: This R script defines two functions to check if an input is equal either "one"(as integer or string), and returns '
1595: This R script defines the 'is.Pythogreantripl'et()`function that checks if three numbers
1596: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'profileLastJumpedToStep()'. It takes in one argument, value
1597: This R script defines the recursive `cast_` to integer or character conversion of data structures including lists and nested frames/
1598: This R script defines the 'cvt_KDD' as an inline conversion tool that takes in Kleio Data Dictionary
1599: This is an R programming script that defines and uses the `function` named "Source Extension". It takes in one argument,
1600: This R script defines the 'isTrackInTracks' method which checks whether an input song URI exists within items of provided
1601: This R programming script defines the 'polygonal number' as an arithmetic progression of numbers. It takes two arguments
1602: This R script defines three functions to create and manage LINE's Rich Menu. The first two are used in creating the structure
1603: This R script defines an attribute filtering mechanism. It takes in the resource type as input and returns corresponding set of allowed/required
1604: This R script calculates the Intersect of Union between two bounding boxes. It first computes overlaps along each dimension
1605: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" is used to assign values and names of variables in
1606: This R script defines the 'complementayr dict' as an anonymous lambda that takes in dictionary D and returns its
1607: This R script defines and uses the `sig_star`function to convert p values into significance stars based on predefined
1608: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'isWebLink' which checks whether input string contains http, https
1609: This is an R programming language implementation of the Elasticsearch's Autosuggest feature. It generates JSON document with specified
1610: This R Function takes an input string and modifies it in order that the resulting Terminal Command can be executed by osx terminal
1611: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'es' index successful checking, which checks whether at least one ES
1612: This R script defines the 'get empty eks nodegroups' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes
1613: This R script defines the 'tuple to string' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments
1614: This R script defines the `remove_catons`function that removes specified ions from an input string of molecular formula represented
1615: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in two parameters - `'` and the second one is optional with value of
1616: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether each element from 'a' is present within any sublists inside another named
1617: This R script defines the 'calculcuate beta' as an inline calculation that multiplies two parameters. The first parameter is
1618: This R script defines and tests the 'huff' initial count helper method. It checks that message counts are greater than zero
1619: This R script defines the 'get' recursive helper method which retrieves nested fields from an object by following dot notation paths
1620: This is an R programming language implementation of the polynomial regression model with 6 coefficients. The input 'X' represents independent variable
1621: This R script defines the 'noise_variance' as an inline calculation that takes in two parameters - Signal to No
1622: This R script defines an electronic current denisty calculation. It takes five parameters and returns the result of subtracting two terms
1623: This R script defines the `status2Str` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
1624: This R script defines the 'format_sen...  # fill in with your own text to complete it. The ellips
1625: This R script defines the `system range` based on different modes. The mode can be 'pmdu', which corresponds to
1626: This R script defines and uses the 'make all caps' custom made to convert any given text into uppercase. The result
1627: This R script defines the 'isLastPage' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument,
1628: This R script defines the 'mtx_toehold' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument - "Expression Access
1629: This R programming script defines the 'unique' method with an argument to maintain order of elements. It returns only distinct values from
1630: This R script defines an IoU calculation between two bounding boxes in the form of [x_center y_cen
1631: This R script defines the 'calculcated air mass' as 0, then it calculates and returns its value based
1632: This R script defines the 'convert_stryo' to take in an input of type character and converts it into
1633: This R script defines the 'month passed' method which takes in date and returns an integer value representing how many months have el
1634: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes as input, `a` nested lists of character vectors. The inner loop iter
1635: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional that takes one argument, n. It returns the sum of all numbers from
1636: This R script defines the 'removeChars' custom functions that removes specified characters from an inputted character vector. It does
1637: This R script defines the 'formatQuery' custom method that removes all double quotes from an input string. It does not modify
1638: This R script defines the 'function' named `"misrA dict to text`". It takes as input an argument
1639: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that takes two parameters - 'register' and ‘params’. The purpose
1640: This R script checks if the input number is greater than 16743983. It returns TRUE or
1641: This R script defines the 'clamp' as an anonymous functions that restricts its input to be within specified limits. If
1642: This R script defines the 'single or double' residency checker. It takes in two parameters - name of person &
1643: This R script defines the 'remove dups' as removing duplicates from an input list. It does so by using built
1644: This R script contains two functions that compare the number of lines in expected and real data. The first one checks if there is
1645: This R script defines three functions to check conditions and returns TRUE or FALSE based on the input. The first two are checking whether
1646: This R script defines the 'convert to seconds' custom conversion method that converts time values from hours into minutes and returns NA
1647: This R script defines the `type` as namedTuples. It checks if an object 'x' belongs to class
1648: This R script defines the `function` named '**'code:'{funcname}'*'' that converts millisecond
1649: This R script defines the 'calculateslot'function which takes two arguments - time series data and an interval length in seconds
1650: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical expression "calculation" which multiplies two numbers by 1 and three
1651: This is an example of how to define functions with keyword arguments in R. The 'config' argument can be used as configuration
1652: This R script defines the 'function' named "Interval String to Integer Values". It takes an input string of comma separated
1653: This R script defines the 'dense output' calculation based on given parameters and returns an interpolated value between two points in
1654: This is an R programming language implementation of the WeiBULL model to calculate hazards rate. It takes three parameters and
1655: This R script defines the 'cumulitive sum' of elements within array. It takes as input, `array`
1656: This R script defines and prints the result of calculating Fibbonaci sequence up to given number. The input is an integer
1657: This R script defines and uses the 'getColorIndex' custom functions to find an index in circular manner. It takes two
1658: This R script defines an anonymous recursive method named 'fromIternaryNumber'. It takes three arguments - s and i
1659: This R script defines the `UA PIVOT` which is used to identify and store user agents of known malicious IP
1660: This R script defines an exponential decay rate calculation based on two input parameters. The formula used is ab^{squared}
1661: This R script defines the 'sumDigit' as an anonymous recursive method that calculates and returns total of digits
1662: This R script defines the `make great` as an anonymous or inline customizable method that takes vector of character strings, append
1663: This R script defines the 'cambiar espacio' as an anonymous ﬁnction that replaces all
1664: This R script defines the 'move' as an anonymous vectorized operation that takes two vectors of length 2 each. It
1665: This R script defines the Tarazi algorithm as recursive. It takes three arguments and returns their maximum value using an iterative
1666: This R script defines the 'flat' version of an input list. It does so by using unlisted() to remove one
1667: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' that checks if the input URL corresponds to Article format in our system
1668: This R script defines the 'isPrime' method which checks whether an input number ('n') – provided as argument
1669: This R script defines the 'getColumnType' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
1670: This R script defines and uses the 'flat' version of an input multidimensional matrix. The original data is stored
1671: This R script defines the 'cov_string' custom conversion method that converts string inputs to numerics, with some exceptions
1672: This R script defines the `getInfoVal` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument,
1673: This R script defines an 'ife' custom conditional statement that returns one of two results based on the truthiness or falseness
1674: This R script defines the `parseLATsLong`function that takes in an input string of latitude and longitudes
1675: This R script defines the `parse_b`ool()'function, which takes in an input string and returns TRUE or
1676: This R script defines the 'getDatastetCoun't()`function which calculates how many datasets can be
1677: This R script defines the 'mapAdress`function that maps an address to its corresponding value in memory, given either numer
1678: This R script defines the 'sanitise' or clean up of SMILES filename. It replaces all "/
1679: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in text as input. It splits the given 'input' string into multiple
1680: This R script defines an anonymous functions that wrap any input string in triple backticks, creating Markdown syntax highlighting.
1681: This R script defines the 'strip back slash' as an anonymous functions that removes all instances of "\" from any given
1682: This R programming script defines the 'get coordinate text' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments -
1683: This R script defines the 'block quotation' functionality by creating an anonymous “quote” generator. It takes in one
1684: This R script defines the 'function' named "`package.resouce url". It takes two arguments - `Package
1685: This is an implementation of the `compare` method in R. It compares two strings by their lengths and returns −
1686: This R script defines the 'get samples' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `profle dict`
1687: This R script defines the 'subdirectory' name based on OS and ABI. If it is MacOS then defaulting
1688: This R script defines the `getUserIdFromToken`, which extracts user ID from JWT identity string by
1689: This R script defines an interactive sliders that allow users select two values, which are then used as the start and end of
1690: This R script defines and executes the 'handlePort' method, which retrieves an IP address from port probe actions in
1691: This R script defines the 'roundStr' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument, "x
1692: This R script defines the 'display number' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument - `numbers
1693: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" and it takes two arguments - ```. It is used to
1694: This R script defines the 'process health' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
1695: This R script defines the cube of an input number and multiplies it by 10. The result is then raised
1696: This R script defines the 'create other labels' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
1697: This R script defines the 'function' named "Index to Letter". It takes an integer input, converts it into its
1698: This R script defines the 'validatePassword' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument, "
1699: This R script defines an anonymous ("purple") ﬁle that takes in input as 'text' and returns
1700: This R script defines the 'get weight' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, column
1701: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to extract the 'ID' from any given molecure
1702: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes HTML tags from input texts. The regular expression is used to match any string starting
1703: This is an R programming language implementation of the comparison logic between two values. It returns -1 when first argument 'a'
1704: This R script defines the `strip lines` to remove unnecessary line breaks, multiple whitespaces and leading/trailing space from
1705: This R script defines the 'adjust detector length' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality that takes three inputs;
1706: This R script defines the 'level' checker, which checks whether an input number falls within  [36] specified
1707: This R script defines the 'strip whitespaces' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `x`. It
1708: This R script defines the 'hue' as an anonymous functions that checks whether its input, which should be numerically represented
1709: This R script defines the 'filterDict' method which filters and returns dictionary keys based on provided list of "Keyword
1710: This is an implementation of cubic time scaling in R programming language which takes two parameters 't' and the final duration parameter as
1711: This R script defines the `function` named "convert string into Boolean" which takes in an input of type character or numer
1712: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to compute the 'calculated' value based on input
1713: This R script defines an 'choose' custom factorial calculation. It checks whether the inputs are valid and then calculates combinations
1714: This R script defines an recursive helper 'allKeysNone' to check whether the given list of nested dictionaries/lists
1715: This is the SZUDZIK pairwise ranking algorithm implemented in R. It takes two inputs 'a' and
1716: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in input as 'Text', replaces all white space within it by '-'
1717: This R script defines the 'function' named "Quality to dbm" which converts input signal strength in Quality format
1718: This R script defines the 'calculate_mean' as an anonymous functions that calculates and returns rounded mean movie score from
1719: This R script defines the 'local part' of an identifier by splitting it at each colon and returning only what comes after that
1720: This R script defines the `dmean` as an anonymous or inline custom mean calculation. It takes one argument 'x'
1721: This R script defines and executes the 'getLinkEdges' custom method which filters out edges that are not connected to
1722: This is an implementation of the recursive definition to calculate fibonacci numbers. It takes in one argument N and returns
1723: This is an R programming language script that defines the `clean` ﬁnction. It takes in one argument
1724: This R script defines the 'function' named "Add to Start". It takes two inputs - an existing set of numbers or
1725: This R script defines the 'clamp' operation which restricts values to lie within specified range. It takes three arguments -
1726: This R script defines the 'never decrease' boolean checking method, which checks whether all digits of an input number are non
1727: This R script defines the 'get_cordination' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one
1728: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in tap stream id as input and returns the first part before
1729: This R script defines the 'getKANBaseVersion' as an inline method that takes in parameters and returns concatenated string
1730: This R script defines the 'get intersection' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes four points on two
1731: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or inline 'greet' ﬁnction that takes in one argument
1732: This is an implementation of the Heron's formula to calculate area under triangle with given sides using Python programming language and returns
1733: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that calculates the folded value from given limits and maxima. The calculation
1734: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument 'events' and returns three values from the list of events.
1735: This R programming script defines an algorithm to calculate the total number of steps needed based on input. The calculation is done by adding
1736: This R script defines an interesting distance calculation between two vectors. It calculates the absolute difference of corresponding elements from both input vector
1737: This R script defines and tests the behavior of 'myFunction' which calculates summation series with decreasing multiplier based on
1738: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom assignment of year based on the month and cyclical pattern in data processing tasks where
1739: This R script defines the 'function' named "Filter Log". It takes three arguments - `Log` which is supposed to
1740: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'homologous' concept. It takes two time values as input and returns
1741: This R script defines the 'by first commit' as an anonymous 1 argument custom sorting method. It subtracts
1742: This R script defines an efficient recursive algorithm to calculate the 'power' of any number. It handles both positive and negative
1743: This R script defines the 'alpha over k' calculation as well its derivative with respect to both parameters. It returns two values
1744: This R script defines and tests the 'check floats' custom functions that checks whether an input vector contains any float numbers by
1745: This R script defines the 'handlesUrl' as an anonymous functions that checks if input URL starts with "http" or
1746: This R script defines the 'ms' as an inline calculation to convert speed from km/h into mph using rounding
1747: This R script defines the 'function' named "MagToFlux" which converts magnitude to flux using an equation derived
1748: This R script defines the 'get current weather icon' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Data", and
1749: This R script defines an anonymous or inline computation to calculate the downcoming area fraction based on input Frequency of Losses
1750: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to check if the input residue name corresponds with either 'Water' ('ho
1751: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'isInDomain' which checks whether given indices are within matrix dimensions
1752: This R script defines the 'pre_processing' or image normalization process, which scales pixel values between [-1;+1
1753: This R script defines an recursive 'function' named "Add One" that takes in as input parameter, the array of
1754: This is an R programming language implementation of the AWS DynamoDB 'CreateTable' operation. It creates and returns details
1755: This is an R Shiny server side handler that checks whether the user has been authenticated and then either returns them to their
1756: This is an R programming language implementation of the TDMA algorithm. It takes in one argument, arr which should be greater
1757: This R script defines the 'fromUrlRepresentaion' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in URL
1758: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'factor' operation. It takes two arguments - dimension and exponent which are used
1759: This R script defines the 'checkParams' custom validation method that checks whether input parameter list has exactly three elements, each within
1760: This R script defines the 'get markings' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, obj
1761: This R script defines the 'ceildir' as an anonymous or inline “function” that takes two arguments - "
1762: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string represents PUNYCODE or not by splitting it into its
1763: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - 'children' and ‘’. It iterates over each
1764: This R script defines an anonymous functions that determines the type of document based on its content in PDF format by searching specific keywords ('
1765: This R script defines the `complete_records` functions that takes two arguments - an individual "Record" and its corresponding
1766: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom transformation that converts all alphabetic characters in the input to their corresponding
1767: This R script defines the 'unique' prime factors of an integer number from given list using recursion and returns them as output
1768: This R script defines the 'midpoint' of two points using their coordinates as input parameters and returns NULL when either or both
1769: This line of R script checks if the 'sid' value in two given dictionary objects match. If they do it returns
1770: This R script defines the 'transposition' of dataframes, which essentially flips rows and columns in place without changing their
1771: This R script defines and plots the Matya's Function over two variables using color gradient from 'terrains colors'.
1772: This R script defines the 'function' named "TUPLE SUBTRACT". It takes in two tuples
1773: This R programming language script defines an efficient modular exponential calculation using the binary method. It takes three inputs - 'Base', Ex
1774: This R script defines the 'handleStatusUpdate' as an empty string. It takes two arguments - loan id and status update
1775: This is an implementation of the bitwise operation in R programming language. It takes two arguments, class_ and details which are
1776: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'always cooperates' strategy in game theory. It takes four parameters and returns
1777: This R script defines the 'XYtoIndex' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments -
1778: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.
1779: This R script defines the 'getModeDictFromList' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument, "x",
1780: This R script defines an anonymous ("escape") ﬁle that takes in input as "unescaped HTML".
1781: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" ." It takes two arguments - max number of
1782: This R script defines the 'multiples' functions that calculates sum of all numbers from one to number - which are multiple
1783: This is an example of how to define and use the 'valid' custom validation rule in R. It always returns TRUE,
1784: This R script defines the 'get intersection' as an anonymous functions that calculates and returns coordinates of two lines intersecting points
1785: This R script defines the `format_cnpketwork()``function that takes in an JSON object and extracts '
1786: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named 'map_gene...  The purpose of the program
1787: This R script defines the 'frequency label to human readble' conversion. It takes in an input of frequency labels such as
1788: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical formula used to generate predictions based on given parameters. The input includes 'params
1789: This R script defines the 'is.HexStr' or `Is HEX String`, which checks if an input
1790: This R script defines the 'round down' operation as an anonymous ﬁle. It takes two arguments; one
1791: This R script defines the 'generateMarketPlace' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument,
1792: This R script defines an 'inSkippedToken's()`function that checks whether any given range of numbers falls within
1793: This R script defines an anonymous functions that prints out error messages with the CEPs number and links to more information about them on
1794: This R script defines the 'buildQuarterString' as an inline string builder that takes in two parameters - year and quarter
1795: This line of R codes defines and executes an arithmetic operation to compute the total cost based on rate per unit time/
1796: This R script defines the 'determine_nativename' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes three
1797: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of checking whether the input string starts with '{' and ends in'}'. It
1798: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'isfloat' ﬁnction that checks if the input
1799: This R script defines the 'convert's bounding box coordinates from format "xmin", “ymin”,"
1800: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'check index file type' which checks whether input filename ends with '.
1801: This R script defines and tests the 'dfHasData' custom data frame validation method which checks whether an input is both of
1802: This R script defines the 'function' named "Trim" which takes in an input parameter called text and returns it after
1803: This R script defines the Python Package Index URL generator as an anonymous functions that takes in 'Package Name' and returns corresponding Py
1804: This R script defines the 'sanitzeDest' as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes in one
1805: This R script defines the 'delete replace str' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - "file name" and list
1806: This R script defines the 'correction' of an amino acid sequence by replacing each character in it with its corresponding letter
1807: This R script defines the `isDate` and checks whether it's one of four specified file types. If yes then
1808: This R script defines the 'bbox' as an area of interest. It checks whether two bounding boxes overlap by comparing
1809: This R script defines the 'getMinMAaxofRangelist'function. It takes as input an argument named ranges
1810: This R script defines the 'function' named "TimePointsByRouteDirection". It takes an input parameter called `Rating
1811: This R script defines the 'isSanta'sturn()`function. It takes an input `x', checks if
1812: This R script defines an recursive extraction of nested dictionary values based on the provided list keys using 'extract_value'
1813: This R script defines the `get post message` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments ->
1814: This R programming script defines and executes the 'rotation' operation on an input vector. The rotation is performed by moving
1815: This Python program checks if the given value can be represented as an unsigned integer of specified number 'n' bit. It returns
1816: This R script defines the 'returnListSmart' which checks whether an input list has more than one element. If so
1817: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument 'x' and returns two elements from the
1818: This R script defines the 'ddict get' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - dictionary/list "v"
1819: This R script defines the 'varuint' to blob length conversion. It takes an input of l, which is expected
1820: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" and assigns it with an anonymous expression that conver
1821: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'remainder' calculation ﬁnction. It takes two arguments
1822: This R script defines and uses the 'valid filename' customised to replace any invalid characters in an entered file name with '-
1823: This R script defines the 'parse meom host manager line' as an anonymous functions that splits input string into list of
1824: This R script defines the `getJobUrl` method which generates URL paths based on given parameters and configurations in an object named
1825: This R script defines the 'format subcommand' which takes in an input vector of commands and returns them as one string with
1826: This R script defines the 'Check Burried' Function. It takes two arguments - mass of 3 objects and checks whether
1827: This R script defines the 'comma separated int' as an anonymous functions that removes all commmas from input string, then
1828: This R script defines and applies the inverse hyperbolic tangent transformation to an input value, which is then rounded off at
1829: This R script defines the `function` named **"**`````""", which converts an input character into binary or
1830: This is an R programming language implementation of the addition operation. It takes two arguments x and y which are numbers or vectors
1831: This R script defines and uses the `log` base ten of an input number. It counts how many times it can divide
1832: This R script defines the 'binary to decimal' conversion functionality by creating an iterative process that calculates each digit of input
1833: This R script defines the `computeFrac`tion()function that calculates and returns what is essentially an "indicator
1834: This is an implementation of the AdEx neuron model with adaptation. It takes three inputs V which represents membrane potentials and
1835: This R script defines the recursive `sample_form` configuration sampling algorithm that can handle lists and vectors of options with different
1836: This R script defines an interactive chatbot named 'hey'. It takes in input as phrases and returns responses based on the
1837: This R script defines the 'normalized fields' as either an existing dictionary or empty array and then adds any new entries from
1838: The provided python solution defines an anonymous method named "calculated stats" which takes any iteratable object such lists tuples
1839: This R script defines the 'function' named ``````` to convert numerical scores into string ratings. The input is an
1840: This R script defines the distance between two points in 4D space using Euclidean Distance formula. The input is an
1841: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'tf' to binary conversion. It takes as input any numeric vector and
1842: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" to convert list of rewards into string. It takes as input parameter
1843: This R script defines the 'function' named "covariance" which calculates and returns an estimate of total number in
1844: This R script defines the recursive 'flat' operation on lists, which takes in an arbitrarily deeply embedded list and
1845: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional to modify the foreground position values based on specific conditions. The condition
1846: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates the Azure Resource Manager ID of VM based on input parameters including Subsciption
1847: This R script defines the 'flat' version of configurations. It takes as input an original configuration and flattens it by
1848: This R script defines the 'hour_minute's second()`function. It takes an input of total number `of
1849: This is an implementation of the multiplication operation using recursion in R. It multiplies two numbers 'x' and y by
1850: This R script lists all files in the specified directory.  It uses Sys package to access system functions and dir() is
1851: This R script defines the `isGcolrequired` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if certain file name
1852: This R script defines the 'get_fuel' LATTICE CELL. It takes in four parameters including fuel number
1853: This R script defines the conversion of Celsius to Fahrenheit using an input parameter 'C'. The formula
1854: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'isValidString' method. It checks whether parentheses are
1855: This R script defines the 'align' to calculate aligned values based on an input value and position. It checks whether both inputs
1856: This is an implementation of the 'smooth step' interpolation method in R. It takes three parameters - two end points and
1857: This R script defines the 'getBasenames' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
1858: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`. It takes an input argument called ‘’ and checks whether
1859: This R script defines an algorithm to check whether or not given input 'n' represents any integer greater than one. The program
1860: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument and returns the same input. It is used
1861: This R script defines the 'do training' custom method. It compares two sets of labels and checks whether there are at
1862: This R script defines the 'isAngleInInterval' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two
1863: This R script defines the recursive 'nested to dotted' conversion of an input named vector or dictionary into another one with
1864: This R script defines the 'scale' as an anonymous functions that scales x and y coordinates of each point in list g by
1865: This R script defines an error calculation method called "absolute difference" which calculates the absolute value of differences between two numbers
1866: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `eps` to coordinate system transformation. It takes two arguments - U
1867: This R script generates user data by creating 'n' number of lists with unique usernames. The username is generated using
1868: This R programming script defines the 'consecutive' custom method. It calculates and returns how many numbers are missing from
1869: This R script defines an IoU calculation between two bounding boxes. It first determines the overlap area by finding maximum and minimum
1870: This R script defines the comparison operator 'cpm' that returns either `+` or '-', depending on whether its first
1871: This R script defines the standard deviation calculation as an inline customizable statistical operation, using vectorized operations and mathematical principles to speed
1872: This R programming script defines the 'chao1' bias corrected estimator. It takes three parameters - "Observed",
1873: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named "opmL attr". It takes two string arguments -
1874: This R script defines and tests the 'Replace Bad Chrs Function'. It replaces bad characters like :, / \ |
1875: This R script defines an API disabling mechanism by checking the configuration file and returning whether pollling should be disabled or not
1876: This R script defines the `dict_ToForm` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument called
1877: This R script defines an 'add signals' customised to handle NA values by summing two input signal vectors while ignoring
1878: This R script defines an `add colors` custom method that takes as input the name of color lists and returns their combined RGB
1879: This R script defines the 'getCheck' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in geoJSON data and
1880: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, 'parseBigNumber'. It checks the size of input number
1881: This is an implementation of the BKNPO model in R programming language which represents both skewed and heavy tailed distributions
1882: This R script defines the 'compute_mid' point of two points in space as their average x and y coordinates respectively using
1883: This R script defines the 'function' named "SubFileNames". It takes two arguments - `"Conf` and  `
1884: This script defines and uses the 'replaceMulti' custom functions which replaces multiple occurrences of specific strings within another string
1885: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda functions to calculate the area of square. The input is side length '
1886: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named `"`. It takes in one argument called
1887: This binary search algorithm is used to find the cube root of an input number. It starts by setting two pointers
1888: This R script defines the 'cut arguments' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
1889: This R script defines the 'get shape e' as an equation that calculates and returns “Shape E” based on
1890: This R script defines the 'serialize' recursive method which takes an input object and returns its equivalent "serialized"
1891: This R script defines the 'weigh'ed interest distance between two vectors. It calculates absolute differences and applies given weight
1892: This R programming script defines the recursive 'skip add' operation. It takes an integer n as input and returns sum of
1893: This R script defines the 'function' named "CountMatch". It takes three arguments - two strings and one character string.
1894: This R script defines an algorithm to solve the house rober problem. It uses recursion and dynamic programming principles, where it
1895: This R script defines the 'buildDatasetPath' as an inline helper to generate data store paths. It takes two parameters
1896: This R script defines the 'Split Blob Name' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes four inputs
1897: This R script defines an enumeration type 'getOffertypeEnum' using the `if else` statement. It maps
1898: This R script defines the 'find characters' within brackets as part of some text. It does so by iterating over
1899: This R script defines the 'datasetNameNormalize' custom functions that takes in an input string, converts it into lower
1900: This R script defines the 'check weekend' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument x. It checks whether
1901: This R script defines the 'disjoint' custom functions that checks whether two input lists have any common elements. It returns true
1902: This R script defines the 'is_bright' or whether it’s close to bright star based on two parameters - peak
1903: This R script defines the 'regeneration of configure files'. It checks whether certain paths exist in an input list, specifically
1904: This R script defines the 'getMockCaseBody' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
1905: This R script defines the 'compute deviant angles' with an added feature of "Color Aberration". It takes in
1906: This R script defines the 'clamp' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments - value
1907: This R script defines the 'getNumericalEventAttributeRep' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes in one
1908: This R script defines the `chooseColorByLayerty`, which takes in an argument of layer type and returns corresponding colors
1909: This R script defines two functions to calculate and visualize learning rates using polynomial decay schedule based on the number of iterations in training
1910: This R script defines the `function` named "**" to convert uranium isotopic ratios from ppts of
1911: This R script defines the 'Code' to convert string input into numerics and return them in vector format by splitting at each
1912: This R script defines the 'sanitise' or clean up process of document ID. It replaces all '/’
1913: This R script defines the 'function' named "Probability to Odds" which takes in one argument, ```
1914: This R programming script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") 1 argument ('function') named 'Lyric Processing'.
1915: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates the IPv4 address matching rule in Cisco IOS syntax. The input is
1916: This R script defines the 'nmae to degrees' conversion, which converts NMEA format coordinates into decimal degree
1917: This R script defines the 'cubed' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes that takes one
1918: This R script defines an inline cache option generator. It takes three arguments - the variable's 'Name,' its Boolean Value
1919: This R script defines the 'getNumNodes' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, profile
1920: This R script defines the 'victory count' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object. It takes four parameters -
1921: This R script defines the `function` named 'generate dictionary from command line arguments'. It takes an input argument called ‘
1922: This R script defines and uses the `as` operator to convert floating point numbers in lists into integers after applying builtin '
1923: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in locale as input, removes underscores from
1924: This R script defines two functions to calculate the Fibonnaci sequence, one using Binet's formula and another
1925: This R script defines the 'function' named "convert" which takes an AWS instance and returns its details in dictionary format.
1926: This R script creates an output string in the format MM/DD/YYY from three input integers. It checks each
1927: This R script defines the 'arrond' customary, which rounds numbers to nearest integer and then adds half an increment when
1928: This R script defines the 'Question Save FeedBack Function'. It takes one argument - whether any questions have already stored in memory
1929: This R script defines and uses the 'convert to hours' conversion method which takes duration in seconds as input parameter & returns equivalent
1930: This R script defines an anonymous ("attrib") functio that removes all hyphens and spaces from the input string "
1931: This R script creates an output file name based on the input CSV filename by removing its extension and appending "_Schema"
1932: This R script defines the 'fix moco v2' model by removing "prefix" from keys of input dictionary and returns
1933: This R script defines the `parseGeneSeekRProfile` which takes as input an argument 'values' representing Gene
1934: This R script defines the 'filtering of datasets based on specific character or attacker/ victim / killers'. It takes
1935: This R script defines the 'castDataListtoIntegers' as an anonymous 	function that takes in one argument, list
1936: This R script defines the `IPv4` to long integer conversion using bitwise operations and returns it in decimal format from
1937: This R script defines the 'calculate_NPS' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates Net
1938: This R script defines the 'ensureList' custom utility that takes an argument and checks whether it is either NULL, or not
1939: This R script defines the 'getQuotedText' custom method. It takes an input string and splits it into lines
1940: This is an R programming language implementation of the simplest form – i.e., exponential variography model with constant range and
1941: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - 'f', which is the
1942: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes two lists as input and returns all possible combinations of elements from the first list with
1943: This R script defines the 'looks like SQL' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `Code`.
1944: This R script defines the 'translate' as an anonymous vectorized operation that takes four inputs - two coordinates and their respective displ
1945: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions. The purpose is to generate Open Contracting Data System compliant
1946: This R script defines the `generate report`function that generates an overview of properties from inputted JSON format "airbnb
1947: This R script defines and uses the 'flat' version of an array. It does so by using unlisted, or compact
1948: This R script defines the 'parse player name' as an anonymous 1 line of codes. It takes in data and returns
1949: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'extractColumns' named list. It takes as input any type
1950: This R script defines the 'next_power' to calculate and return an integer that is greater than or equal but as close
1951: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'getAlignFromHJust' which takes in hustification
1952: This R script defines the `getResultMes` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument named "
1953: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input character offset falls within specific range. The specified ranges are 3
1954: This R script defines the 'hasNumber' as an anonymous functions that checks if any number is present in given string. It
1955: This R script defines the 'combine' custom functional. It takes an "Operator" and list of numerical or logical values
1956: This R script defines and uses two functions to calculate the symmetric positive threshold based on negative thresholds, then applies these calculations
1957: This R script defines and uses the `contains` subroutine to check whether one given character vector contains another. It returns
1958: This R script defines the 'function' named "QuarterForMonth". It takes an input argument called `"MONTH
1959: This R script defines three functions to perform Bayesian linear regression updates. The first two are used in the calculation of posterior parameters
1960: This R script defines the 'count' as an anonymous or inline functions that counts occurrences of specific values within vectors.
1961: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'area' function that calculates and returns rectangle areas by multiplying
1962: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'mass' calculation based on given parameters and formula from physics literature using exponential decay
1963: This R script defines the 'Segment Segement Intersect' as an anonymous functions that calculates intersection point of two line segments
1964: This R script defines the `build_reponse card` as an anonymous functions that takes three arguments - "tile",
1965: This R script defines the 'first list' from an inputted vector. It returns NULL when no lists are found within it
1966: This R script defines the 'runway' to OpenCV ('opencv') conversion utility. It takes in four parameters
1967: This R script defines the 'sciNotation' or scientific notation converter. It takes in two arguments; `sig fig
1968: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if the input HTML string contains "access denied". It then tests
1969: This R script defines the 'densityMultiFile' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
1970: This R script defines the 'get star's position in line from its commentary'. It takes an input string and extract
1971: This R script defines the `getDatePrintFormat` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
1972: This R script defines the 'sum of odds' between two numbers. It first checks whether ```if``` condition is met
1973: This R script defines the recursive `sum_of digts`function. It takes an input number, checks whether it
1974: This R script creates an object named 'create_ideas' which is essentially just creating and returning the input string as part
1975: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{fn}``". It takes as input an argument called ``
1976: This R script defines the 'isGoalllode' as an anonymous functions that checks whether current node and its coordinates match
1977: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional named 'set source display'. It takes in several parameters including the number
1978: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'enforceKeyConsistancy' which takes in one argument,
1979: This R script defines the 'validate_function' to check whether an input string starts ith cpes. If it does
1980: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`<-" and assigns it with an anonymous/lambda expression.
1981: This R script defines the 'difference of list' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes two inputs -
1982: This R script defines the 'formatIssueKey' custom method that takes an input string and formats it as Jira Iss
1983: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'sumOfDigit' which calculates and returns total digit
1984: This R script defines the 'remove right side' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality that takes in one input -
1985: This R script defines an inbuilt 'is.numeric' type checker that checks if the input matches any of
1986: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the response object has valid, non disposables and not role addresses. It
1987: This R script defines an anonymous subscribed form. It takes in the 'form's data and returns it as part of
1988: This R script defines the 'getClassName' custom method. It takes an input string of one or more underscore separated
1989: This R script defines and uses the 'strip v l extension' to remove .VL., json from filenames using
1990: This R script contains seven functions to extract specific information from an LDAP entry, including the user's UID and
1991: This R script defines the 'calculcuate price' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes three parameters base
1992: This R script defines an inline square root calculation. It checks whether the input number 'X' ​​is less than zero
1993: This R script defines the 'trim' custom functions that trims off everything after an underscore "_" from each element of
1994: This R script defines the 'parseCrops' which takes in an input string of format ‘YSIZE×XOFF
1995: This is an R programming language implementation of learning rate scheduling. It defines and returns the value to be used as Learning Rate based
1996: This R script defines the 'function' named ```````. It takes an input argument called `` and returns another string
1997: This R script defines the 'buildDeviceRequestTopic' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one
1998: This R script defines the 'is in range' functionality. It takes two arguments - frequency ('f') and an array of
1999: This R script copies the content of one text document to another location only when it does not already exist at that destination path;
2000: This R script defines the 'scale' or scaling of four numbers by multiplying each number in an input vector with constant value
2001: This R script defines the 'titleCase' custom method that converts any string input into Title Case format by removing leading and
2002: This R script initializes node states by creating an empty named lists with specific attributes. It takes two inputs - 'nodes id
2003: This R script defines the `actions` database as an anonymous functions that returns either null or list of action details based on input
2004: This R script defines the `checkSelfForRedirection()' which checks an object to see whether it has any redire
2005: This R script defines the 'hasTiles' custom filter to check if an Export Task Record Name is not equal ("
2006: This R script defines the 'format list as command' which takes in parameters and formats them into one single string separated by spaces
2007: This is an R programming language implementation of English to Spanish dictionary lookup. It takes in two parameters - 'Dictionary' and
2008: This R script defines the 'removeVirtualSlots' command as an inline string formatting of shell commands. It takes two
2009: This R programming language script defines the 'inv.percentage change' calculation as an inline or anonymous ‘function’ named
2010: This R script defines the `convert_targes`ts to dict' fuction. It takes as input 'ra
2011: This R script defines the 'denormalize' or inverse transformation of normal distribution. It takes in three parameters - input dataset
2012: This R script defines the 'cutter' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "Value
2013: This R script defines the 'hard sigmoidal' activation functions used in neural networks with adjustable bounds and handles different cases based
2014: This is an example of learning rate schedule in R programming language where the initial value decreases by factor 'x' after every epoch
2015: This R script defines an algorithm to check whether two numbers are approximately equal within given precision levels using the absolute difference method and relative
2016: This R script defines the 'validate users input' as an anonymous or self contained piece of software. It takes two arguments -
2017: This R script defines the 'sortSRSList' custom sorting algorithm. It takes in an SCR list, checks
2018: This R script defines the 'checkYearIncrements' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two
2019: This R script defines the 'decdeg' to Degree Minute Seconds converter. It takes in decimal degrees as input
2020: This R script defines the 'get greeting' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `Name`. It
2021: This R script defines an enumeration or 'enum' type in the form of uppercase text with " NSL_" prefix
2022: This is an R programming language script that defines the `````` to generate styles based on dictionary of features and their corresponding colors
2023: This R script defines an interpolaion method that calculates the coordinates of points between two given ones. The calculation is
2024: This R script defines the 'getFieldType' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
2025: This R script defines the `function` named "**" to convert dictionary data into string format. It takes in one argument
2026: This R script defines the 'getMaxDrawDown' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes time series
2027: This R script creates an SQL query string to search within the media type of audio and with specific subjects.  The 'make
2028: This R script defines the 'stata\_' string escape. It takes an input argument of `\`\\{code
2029: This R script defines the 'vanishinng line' as an equation of form y = mx + c. The
2030: This R script defines the `calc_bounds` as an inline calculation to determine upper or lower bounds based on given
2031: This R script defines the 'greatest' functions that takes as input an array of numerical values and returns its maximum value.
2032: This R script defines an Angular escaping utility. It takes in input string, replaces backslashes with four of
2033: This R script defines the 'function' named "Deg to Rad" that converts degrees into radiants. It takes
2034: This R script defines the 'hexDistanceCubed' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It calculates and
2035: This R script defines the `getLink` method, which takes as input an object 'json' and checks whether it contains
2036: This R script defines the 'scaled energy' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in three inputs
2037: This R script defines the 'drop_vantically' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one
2038: This R script defines three functions to perform arithmetic operations with negative numbers. The 'mod' and the first two are used
2039: This R script defines and uses the 'clamp' custom defined mathematical operation to restrict an input number within specified bounds. It
2040: This R script defines the 'validateNone' as an input validation checker that checks whether all elements of value inputs are not
2041: This R script defines the 'check valid' to validate if all elements of an array are within specified base. It returns TRUE
2042: This R script defines an encoding attribute 'encode' that takes three parameters. It checks if the inputted attributes are in either
2043: This R script defines the 'check version' to compare two versions of software in string format and determine if one is greater than
2044: This R script defines the 'round half' as an anonymous or inline customised version of built in "Round" Function
2045: This R programming script defines the 'make ab ba' as an anonymous function that takes two inputs and returns them in
2046: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional object named 'x'. It takes one argument, epoch axis. If
2047: This R script defines the 'document similarity' as an overlap between two documents divided by their union. It uses string splitting to
2048: This R script defines the 'check square' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that checks whether given input is positive
2049: This R script defines the 'validate snap' as an anonymous functions that checks if input string is one of four valid SNAP
2050: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument 'x'. It checks whether the input x exists and has non
2051: This R script defines the 'float to thousand' conversion as an integer, which takes in one argument - "Value" and
2052: This R script defines the 'function' named "Percentof" which calculates what percentage of total value is represented by
2053: This R script defines the 'flat' version of any given list by using unlisted elements from each sub lists.  It
2054: This R script defines the 'function' named "`code.name()". The purpose of it is to generate string names
2055: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if the input string 'ARN' contains any slash (' /
2056: This R script defines the `hex` converter, which converts an integer into its equivalent HEX string representation by using spr
2057: This is an implementation of the Josephus problem in R. It uses recursion to calculate which position will be left standing after
2058: This R script creates and returns an object of class "list" with two components - 'Status' & ‘Message’
2059: This R script defines the 'load_pathsdict'function. It takes as input an argument called "Preprocessing Configuration
2060: This R script defines the 'get_month' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, n. It
2061: This is an R programming language script that generates URL strings to be used in web scraping of car listings from the TrueCar
2062: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes three arguments - language codes ("xx"), type and the specific
2063: This R script defines the 'get_amp...' is used to generate keys based on input parameters and returns them in list
2064: This R script defines the 'getFullVersion' custom method which takes in an object of class list named `"PackageData
2065: This R script defines the `GET` HTTP request methods as strings and checks whether an inputted string is one of these types
2066: This R programming script defines the 'win probability' as an equation that takes two parameters ('expected scores') and calculates it
2067: This R script defines the 'gen_seeds' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that generates seeds from parameters. It
2068: This R script defines the area of an equilateral right angle triangular given its two sides as inputs using Heron'
2069: This R script defines and tests the 'Remove Suffix' functionality. It removes specified characters from end of string only when
2070: This R script defines the 'Split Sentences' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
2071: This R script defines the 'clean' functions that takes in an input of type character, converts it into lowercase and
2072: This R script defines the `substitute` method to replace all occurrences of "{" and “}" with their
2073: This R script defines the 'get height from width and aspect ratios' as an inline calculation. It takes in three parameters -
2074: This R script defines the 'letter grades' as per an arbitrary scale. It takes one parameter which is considered to be highest
2075: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in R programming language. It uses recursion to calculate nth
2076: This R script defines the method to convert string input into parameters used in estimation of Beta distribution. The output is returned as
2077: This R script creates an outlining of the cards from your poker game. It takes two lists as input - one with
2078: This is an R programming language script that converts the input 'Polygons' into dictionary format. The output will be
2079: This R script defines the 'kilo's()`function which takes two arguments - `positional argument "X"
2080: This R script defines the 'toAlphaNum' custom functions that replaces all non alphabetic and numeric
2081: This R script defines the 'pretytfiy' funtion that replaces HTML entities with their corresponding characters. It
2082: This R script defines an environment variable retrieval and string concatenation to generate configuration data in the format of 'key1;
2083: This R script defines the `get_GPU` share configuration from Kubernetes settings, returning FALSE when GPU sharing is
2084: This R script defines the 'getMaxJObs' custom method. It takes as input an argument named "QueueDict
2085: This R script defines and tests the 'function' named "String Fraction". It takes two arguments - Numerators &
2086: This R script defines an image normalization and denormalization process using the formula img = ((image * 1)/ max pixel
2087: This R script defines the `toCRS` custom method. It takes an argument 'epgs' and returns as output
2088: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that generates Django model names based on the inputted 'metrics
2089: This is an R programming language implementation of the linear interpolation formula used in computer graphics to create smooth transitions between two values over
2090: This R script defines the 'inv_cumulative' to raw conversion. It takes three parameters - probability of success ('
2091: This R script defines the `dateFormatter` as an anonymous functions that returns 1 item in form of named lists.
2092: This R script defines an extraction of unique molecules from string input. The strings are separated by semicolon and each element is
2093: This R script defines the 'function' named "tokenstosovats" which takes in an input of variable length,
2094: This R script defines the 'parse_int' custom conversion method that converts input values to integers using `as.numer
2095: This R script defines the 'One Semitones Down' as an operation that reduces frequency by half of its value raised to
2096: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'second derivative' calculation. It takes in three parameters - two vectors and one
2097: This R script defines an algorithm to check whether given number 'n' can be represented as the triangualr numbers.
2098: This R script defines the 'get_square' segment distance. It calculates and returns squared Euclidean distances between point
2099: This R script defines the 'packPeekList' as an anonymous/unnamed ‘function’ that takes five arguments
2100: This R script defines the 'area_sq' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes that calculates
2101: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input document has either 'namespace' attribute with value of http://cod
2102: This R script defines the `get_df` as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes one argument, fnames
2103: This R script defines the 'hasResistHeat' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes one argument, heat type
2104: This R script defines the 'calculcated' as an anonymous or inline funtion that calculates and returns absolute difference between
2105: This R script calculates the power consumed by an NPN bipolar junction transitor with given parameters such as maximum voltage
2106: This R script defines the 'make_hpf' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments -
2107: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes two lists as input. It checks whether the lengths of these inputs are equal and
2108: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'isEven' method that takes in one argument, num. It checks whether the
2109: This R script defines the `generate numbers` as an anonymous or inline functions that generates and returns logical vectors of given size with
2110: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in input 'x' and replaces all occurrences of the characters &
2111: This R script defines the 'mimic next' method to adjust and update current model complexity by incorporating new specifications.
2112: This R script defines the 'disease related' as an anonymous functional object. It takes in one argument, `Row
2113: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes two arguments - num and overfloe which are supposed to represent
2114: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the first character of input string equals to 'B'. It then applies it
2115: This R script defines the 'get dimensions' which takes in an input string of three space separated integers and returns them converted to
2116: This R script defines the 'linear' transformation, which takes an input variable and returns its linear transformed value. The formula used
2117: This R script defines the 'isDBreleasefile' as an anonymous or inline funtion that checks if file name matches specific
2118: This R script defines the vector "getVector" as containing three elements with specific values [citation needed]. The first element
2119: This R script defines the 'sumDouble' as an anonymous or inline one line custom defined ‘function’. It takes
2120: This R script defines the 'c' all() equivalent. It checks each element of an inputted list or vector and returns
2121: This R script defines the 'getTriangle' method which calculates and returns trianglar numbers based on input integer "
2122: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks whether the input argument " pre" is TRUE or FALSE.
2123: This R script defines the 'isConsonantsOffset' as an anonymous functions that checks if input value falls within hexad
2124: This R script defines an IP address shorthand generator that removes HTML tags and truncates long addresses to 4 segments separated
2125: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments 'x' and returns the resultant by
2126: This R script defines the 'clean string' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that removes all non alphanumeric
2127: This R script defines the 'check numbers' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two arguments - `number A` and
2128: This R script defines the recursive `stringify numbers` method which takes an input data structure and converts all numerics
2129: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`code`` to convert string of numbers separated by commmas into an
2130: This R script defines the 'parse_curls' as an anonymous functions that splits input string by space and returns second
2131: This R script defines the 'stringify' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, ve
2132: This R programming language script defines the 'toPrivate' custom method that takes an argument called ```````. It then
2133: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'function' named "bool" that checks whether the input value belongs to logical data
2134: This R script defines three functions to search and filter device names in data frames. The first two are used as helpers while
2135: This R script defines the 'get_weighted's file name based on given parameters. The inputs are "Method"
2136: This R script defines an 'overlapDistance()`function that calculates how much two given time intervals ('Subtitling
2137: This R script generates all possible combinations of three numbers 'I', "J", and K" such that I + J =
2138: This R script defines the `getSeqRC` custom method to reverse complement DNA sequences. It uses an internal lookup table
2139: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' that takes one argument - `"Port Number`". It checks
2140: This is an implementation of the equation used in physics to calculate energy based on volume and parameters derived from experimental data such as bulk
2141: This R script defines the 'Kadane's algorithm', which is used to find maximum sub array sum. It iter
2142: This R script defines the 'list to string' conversion. It takes as input an element of any type and returns it concaten
2143: This R script defines the 'getRobotSpeeds' as an inline calculation of robot speeds based on wheel radii and
2144: This R script defines the 'color distance squaring' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in two vectors
2145: This R script defines the 'space's()`function. It takes an input of `"numberofSpacess
2146: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes all the alphanumeric and space character in any given input strings by replacing
2147: This R script defines the Fuzzy Interval Scaling Zero Mean Function which is used to transform data into an
2148: This R script defines the 'as int or float' custom conversion method that converts any input value to numerics, regardless
2149: This R script defines an anonymous or inline addition operation. It takes two arguments 'a' and ‘b’ which are
2150: This R script defines the 'weighted sum' of prediction values based on weights. The input is two vectors - one with
2151: This R script defines and executes the 'function' named "UserChoice". It takes five parameters - two related to
2152: This R script defines and uses the 'defined or default' functionality to handle null values in directories by returning either an inputted
2153: This R script defines the 'getTrueUrl' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in URL and returns only
2154: This R script contains four functions that are used to clean up text data by removing specific patterns. The first three specifically target "
2155: This R script defines the 'getLanguageFilePath' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
2156: This R script defines and applies an equation to calculate square values with given coefficients at different points in time using user defined functions then
2157: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions to check whether the second half ("two" in our
2158: This R script defines the `beautify_name` as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - "Person".
2159: This R script defines the `function` named 'PostFixValid' which checks whether an input string is valid or not based
2160: This R script defines the 'format list' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument `x
2161: This R script defines and uses the 'linear diff' method to calculate an approximate yearly change in values between two years based
2162: This R script defines the `censo`n non alphabetic and numeric characters in string using regular expressions
2163: This R script defines the `getJ17SEP`() method, which returns JIS X.xx series EC
2164: This R script defines an odd's ratio calculation based on two proportions - the 'Target Proportion', and its corresponding
2165: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'delegation' concept in AWS Lex. It takes two parameters - `
2166: This R script defines the 'function' named ```"``` to convert DNA bases into integers. It uses an ``if
2167: This R script defines the `function` named 'Status Message'. It takes two arguments - ‘'Message’ and an
2168: This R script defines the 'failure()`function that returns an error object with result set to "userError" and
2169: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{code}</span>`. It takes in an input
2170: This R script defines an 'angle difference' calculation. It takes two angles as input and returns the smallest positive angular distance between
2171: This R script defines the `changedCodeConfig`, which takes in an argument called "children config". It then changes metadata
2172: This R script defines the 'maybe job id' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument called value
2173: This R script defines the 'mystery' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three inputs and
2174: This is an email sending functionality in the form of simple text formatting using string concatenation and checking data types to ensure they
2175: This R script defines the 'isRhyming' custom logic to check whether two given strings are rhymer or not
2176: This R script defines the `parse_inte`... [Read more] 10/397
2177: This R script defines the probability of spams given certain conditions. It takes as input three parameters, which are used to calculate
2178: This R script defines the `step` linear thresholding/activation functions that takes an input value and compares it to
2179: This R script defines the 'get_energy' as an energy calculation based on given parameters and returns its value using Euclidean
2180: This R script defines the 'payExceed' custom method. It calculates how much to deduct from your initial amount
2181: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in R programming language. It uses recursion to calculate nth
2182: This R script defines the 'is_word guessed' as an anonymous or lambda style. It takes two arguments -
2183: This R script defines the 'sign' of an input number. It returns 1 if positive, -1 is negative and
2184: This R script defines the 'index' from an inputted list of addresses. The calculation involves summing up each element multi
2185: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the palinndrome checking. It takes in one argument which should be numer
2186: This R script defines and uses the 'get unique id' to generate an ID string from two inputs. The first input is
2187: This R script defines the 'parseImageUrl' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `page`. It
2188: This R script defines the 'is.SpecialName' custom method to check whether an input string follows special naming convention,
2189: This R script defines the 'construct cpes' as an anonymous functions that takes three arguments - "Vendor", “
2190: This R script defines the 'name from s 3 key' as an anonymous functions that takes in S3 bucket keys and
2191: This R script defines an anonymous functions that counts how many common items exist between two input vectors. It uses 'for' loop
2192: This R script defines an 'optionalString' custom validation method that checks whether the input is NULL or not and then verifies
2193: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of checking collinearity between three points using the concept from geometry. It takes
2194: This R script defines an accelerated movement within specified limits. It takes in initial velocity 'a', acceleration rate of change per
2195: This R script defines the 'unlists' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument - "a nested" or multi level
2196: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether any character string within the input list 'contains' PUA characters. It
2197: This R script defines the 'sameOrigin' custom method to check whether two vectors of origins are identical or not by comparing
2198: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of the "sum" ∗ formula to calculate half triangle number
2199: This R script defines the 'chunk' or segmented portion from an input list. It checks whether each element in that
2200: This R script defines the 'sortLabels' custom method. It sorts an input vector of "label" names by whether
2201: This R script defines the 'REM_AV' or "RemoveAverage" Function which takes two arguments; an integer
2202: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom sorting priority order. It takes in the string 'priority' as input
2203: This R script defines the area of ribbon in terms 3 parameters. The formula used is based on mathematical calculation to find out
2204: This R script defines an Elasticsearch Index. It takes one argument, 'ElKIndexName', and returns two nested
2205: This R script defines the 'getRotationOrder' as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes in one argument
2206: This R script defines the 'get symbol size' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument,
2207: This R script defines the 'formatNumber' custom method. It removes spaces and parentheses from an input phone string;
2208: This R script defines the recursive 'function' named "`" `{...}`` ``  "" ''""''
2209: This R script defines the 'calculcuate_taxes' as an inline calculation of taxes on given prices. It takes
2210: This R script defines the 'make italics' as an inline command that takes in one argument - `Text`. It
2211: This R script defines the 'toSigned' custom conversion method that converts an integer into its signed representation in binary form
2212: This R script defines an 'is balanced' utility that checks whether the number of left and right parentheses in given expression
2213: This R script defines the conversion of an integer to Roman numerals. It uses loops and vectorized operations instead of if statements
2214: This R program defines the 'Hexagonal Number' as an integer value. The input is given by "N" and
2215: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments and returns the concatenation with '=' sign
2216: This R script defines the 'multiMatchAwareInterval' as an interval calculation based on input parameters. It calculates three
2217: This R script defines the 'tidy\_'function'. It takes in an input string called "Path". If it does
2218: This R script defines the 'getTotal' custom method which calculates and returns sum of all numerics from input list named
2219: This is an R programming language implementation of the mathematical formula to scale and shift values from one range into another. It takes five
2220: This R script defines the 'function' named "URI ID". It takes an input argument called `"Uri` and returns
2221: This R script defines the 'crit' or critical region of rejection as per given test statisitc and cutoffs.
2222: This R script defines the 'remove comments' functionality. It removes all text after '#', leading and trailing spaces from an
2223: This R script defines the 'isValidData' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line check to see if de
2224: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'isDuplicated' method. It checks whether given title exists
2225: This R programming script defines the 'dms' to degree conversion as an inline or anonymous functions that takes in three arguments -
2226: This R script defines the 'lookup' recursive method to retrieve nested values from an object using dot notation as input string
2227: This R script defines the `format nav item` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - URL
2228: This R script defines the `signed` custom made to take an input number and return its absolute value with plus or minus
2229: This R script defines the 'nbr' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes in one argument called `
2230: This R script defines and tests the 'withingTollerace' funtion which checks if two numbers are close to
2231: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional called 'add zeros'. It takes in one argument named "cards
2232: This R script defines the 'bestTime' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two arguments - ``````` and
2233: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called `is.Image` that checks if the inputted path
2234: This R script defines the 'rotation' operation on strings. It takes in two arguments; string and number of rotation positions
2235: This R script defines and uses the 'compare ext' to check whether two file extensions are identical or not in an efficient way
2236: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "`" to calculate center coordinates of rectangle given by its two opposite
2237: This R script defines the 'project partners' as n * ((number of projects)- 0.7). The result is
2238: This R script defines the 'clamp' functional. It ensures that any input number is within specified minimum and maximum values by
2239: This R script defines the 'replace param occurreces' which replaces all instances of each key from an input list named
2240: This R script defines the 'extractMediaUrl' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
2241: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate one element from another in sequence. It takes as input vectors '
2242: This R script defines the `make_reverse` and reverse complement functions. The first one takes an input string s to
2243: This R script defines the Python name conversion to be used in an application. It takes as input, 'Python Name' and
2244: This is an R programming language fixtures that returns the state of some operation. It takes two parameters - 'Controller State'
2245: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called "autoCorrNegative". It takes one argument,
2246: This R script defines the 'str_hyp' which takes two inputs i and 1. It finds out minimum of these
2247: This R script defines and uses the `function` named "MinMaxComparison" to compare two values based on whether they are
2248: This R script defines the 'add color to schemes' which is used as an extension of existing themes by adding custom colors into
2249: This R script defines an inline comparison between two vectors with tolerance. It checks that they are of equal lengths before performing any compar
2250: This R script defines an inline cache option generator. It takes three arguments - the variable's 'Name', its Boolean Value
2251: This R script defines the 'processResult' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, "x
2252: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - 'identification' and ‘events
2253: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" ```{r}  voltexTremeses< -
2254: This R script defines and uses the 'vmul' custom functions to multiply each element of three vectors by different scalars
2255: This R script defines the 'to id' as an anonymous or inline functions that converts input string s into integer values based
2256: This R script defines the 'filterEndingItems' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that filters out any item from
2257: This R script defines the 'joinTokens' custom method that joins all elements of an input list into one string with space
2258: This R script defines the 'headers' as an anonymous functions that takes one argument, `x`. It creates and returns
2259: This is an R programming solution to check whether the inputted value can be expressed as sum of cubes. The program uses
2260: This R script defines the 'dequotes' as an anonymous functions that removes quotes from strings. It checks whether string starts
2261: This is an implementation of the Lennard Jones potential in R programming language which models interatomic interactions between atoms or molecules based
2262: This R script defines the 'function' named "LongWord" which takes as input an argument called `ListName`.
2263: This R script defines the 'smallest not overlap' convolutional layer size calculation. It takes two parameters - `Kernel Size
2264: This R script defines the 'cleanUrl' custom method. It takes in an URL as input and checks whether it ends with
2265: This R script defines the 'merge_two' dictionary or hash map like data structures. It takes two dictionaries as input
2266: This R script defines the 'canonicalGPUIndices()`function that takes in an argument `"indicees
2267: This R script defines and uses the `grep`, 'tolower', &amp;'trimws’ functions
2268: This R script defines the 'squareList' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument called "number
2269: This R script defines the 'to underscored style' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Text".
2270: This R script defines the `function` named 'Round Dict' which takes in two arguments - an input dictionary and
2271: This R script defines and uses the 'cross' custom made to combine elements from two vectors. It takes in 1st
2272: This R script defines the 'grouphost' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes that returns
2273: This R script defines the 'get_CPU frequency' command as an inline string that uses SysFS to read CPU current
2274: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional programming approach. It takes in one argument, 'x', and checks
2275: This R script defines the Chi Square test statistic as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes observed and predicted values to
2276: This R script defines the 'trapecioidArea' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates
2277: This R script defines the 'distance' as an anonymous or inline method that calculates Manhattan Distance between two points in
2278: This R script defines the 'function' named "bbocnter" which calculates and returns  coordinates of center point
2279: This R script defines the 'function' named "Scan Position" which calculates and returns an integer value based on two input
2280: This R script defines the 'factorial' of an input number. It checks that it receives only numerical inputs, and returns
2281: This R script defines the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach. It starts by determining which number is
2282: This R script defines the 'Move Player Forward' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments
2283: This R script defines and uses the `rotate_`function to reverse each subelement in an inputted two dimensional square
2284: This R script defines the 'parse dh m request' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument msg and returns numerics
2285: This R script defines the 'convert mac address' as an anonymous functions that takes in MAC addresses and converts them into numer
2286: This R script defines an interpolation process. It takes two inputs - 'boundaries' and the specifics of one particular
2287: This R script defines the 'mutlireplace' custom functions that takes two arguments - an input character vector and list of replacement
2288: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'parseSlates' method. It takes in one argument, `s`
2289: This R script defines and uses the `get_attribute` helper method to safely retrieve attributes from an object's attribute dictionary
2290: This R script defines the 'calculate number of conditions' as an integer division operation. It takes two inputs; "condition
2291: This R script defines the 'renormalize' or adjusts an inputted "star" light curve by subtracting off
2292: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in URLs and removes any leading or trailing angle brackets ('<>'),
2293: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'searchForPodInfo' which searches through nodes to find specific information
2294: This R script defines the 'function' named `infotodict`. It takes as input an unprocessed text
2295: This R script defines an anonymous functions that converts ISO 861 format date/time strings to SQL UTC datetime string
2296: This R programming approach computes the response based on two factors - power and interests. It returns different responses depending upon whether these
2297: This R script defines the 'checkDecease' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line funtion that always
2298: This R script defines an extraction helper that retrieves the one time password authentication url from given JSON object using conditionals and loops
2299: This R utility calculates the power probability of an event occurring based on cumulative relative risk and gamma parameter using formula CRRA
2300: This R script defines the 'compute fuel' to calculate how much additional mass should be added based on an inputted rocket
2301: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object called 'powerstack'. It takes two arguments - power and n which
2302: This R script defines the 'get alpha' as an anonymous or inline customised version of built in functions min() and
2303: This R script defines the 'stripYAMLExtension()`function that removes '.yml/'. It takes in
2304: This R script defines the 'vsbv' by value, which takes in an input number and checks whether it’s
2305: This R script defines the 'getRoles' custom method which takes in an input parameter called `UserData` and extract
2306: This R script defines an ```function``` named 'Axis Conversion'. It takes two arguments; total and current axes
2307: This R programming script defines the Python equivalent of k^{3} in terms 1. It takes three inputs 'a
2308: This R script defines the 'max size' of an input list by iterating through each element and comparing their lengths. The
2309: This R script defines three functions to manipulate numbers. The first, 'handle odd', multiplies an input by the number
2310: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional called 'compare locations'. It takes two arguments - biquery dataset location
2311: This R script defines the 'stringify' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
2312: This R script defines the 'build_nodeString' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
2313: This line of R programming calculates the observed frequency based on Dopler effect formula using given parameters and returns it as output
2314: This R script defines the Collatz Conjecture as an infinite loop that counts steps to reach 'number one' using
2315: This R script defines the 'shiftPoint' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes in two arguments - "points
2316: This R script defines the 'function' named `subclou...  # TODO - fill in rest of sentence here to
2317: This R script defines the 'is_within' method to check if one rectangle lies within another. It takes two vectors as
2318: This R script defines the 'list multiplying' operation between two lists. It sums up all elements of each inputted vector
2319: This R script defines an assertion that checks whether the time  ////       ///      \\\\\        / is greater than
2320: This R script defines the 'second help calculate lp' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes two arguments
2321: This R script defines the 'findReactId' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one
2322: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{code}``. It checks if an input piece ('B
2323: This R script defines the 'canonical name' of an input key. It checks whether it exists in `names` attribute
2324: This R script defines the `constr_`function that constructs an XML string by adding new elements with specified names and
2325: This R script defines the 'decimal to string' conversion as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming in which it takes
2326: This R programming script defines the 'dot product' as an anonymous 1 line functional expression. It takes two vectors u and
2327: This R script defines the `reformat_HTML` tags in raw texts. It replaces HTML tag formats with their
2328: This R script defines the square of Euclidean distances between two points in 3D space. The input is each point as
2329: This R script defines the `function` named 'uri's from Clique Dictionary'. It takes as input an argument
2330: This R script defines and uses the 'locate' custom mathematical operation to calculate an interpolated value between two points based on
2331: This R script defines the 'lfs' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns relative variance. It takes
2332: This R script defines the 'get human names' as an anonymous functions that replaces hyphens in input string with spaces.
2333: These three functions are used to extract specific information from YAML configuration files related with training/testing and prediction in an e
2334: This R script defines and uses the 'favorite_animals' custom user defined functions to print out an encouraging message
2335: This R script defines the 'do box overlap' functionality. It checks if two boxes defined by their coordinates are overlapping or
2336: This R script defines the 'capitaliseFirstLetter' customised method to convert first letter of each sentence in text
2337: This R script defines and uses the `get releases` custom functions to extract version information from either 'release' or ‘
2338: This R script defines the 'prepenChromosome' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes
2339: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "Speed Round". It takes three arguments - km/hr of travel
2340: This R script defines and uses the 'count periods' to calculate how many complete occurrences of one time interval exist between
2341: This R script defines an anonymous scoring and sorting method using the VADER sentiment analysis tool. The 'function' is
2342: This R script defines the 'horsepowe'r()`function, which converst WatTS to HorsePower by div
2343: This R script defines the `oxford_commas` as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - phrase. It
2344: This R script defines the 'formatField' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments - relation
2345: This R script defines the 'calcKN' as an equation to calculate K_n value. It takes two inputs
2346: This R script defines the 'stripDomainAddress' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument -
2347: This R script defines the 'function' named "Is Dict Empty". It checks whether an input dictionary or list in
2348: This R script defines the addition of two numbers. It takes in ‘x’ and 'y' as inputs to add
2349: This R script defines an anonymous functions that parses JSON object and returns the local component's specific 'states'. It uses
2350: This R script defines the 'equalContent's()`function. It checks whether two input arrays have identical content by comparing
2351: This R script defines an 'append' operation that adds new elements to the end of vector without duplicating. It uses '%
2352: This R script defines the 'is multi output' as checking if there are multiple outputs in y using sApply and anAny
2353: This R script defines an accumulative health care expenditure model. It takes in the current period's healthcare spending ('h
2354: This R script defines the 'flat' version of any given list by using unlisted() to remove one layer from nested lists
2355: This R script defines the 'limit speed' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
2356: This R programming language script defines the 'WidthRatio' as an arithmetic operation that calculates and returns ‘round
2357: This R script defines the 'skipnonse'ttingstance()`function that filters instances based on their paths and
2358: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions that checks whether the given value is equal to some predefined
2359: This R script defines the 'readLineInvisibly' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `"prom
2360: This R script defines the 'rm_SNP' annotator. It removes parentheses and exclamation marks from
2361: This R script defines the `wpm` to convert Words Per Minute into Characters per Second by multiplying it
2362: This R script defines the 'preferEndOfSortedList' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes
2363: This R script defines the 'get seat id' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments -
2364: This R script defines the 'deep' package, specifically its utilities module and one of those functions is ```{r
2365: This R script defines the 'get_falsepositive' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments
2366: This R script defines the 'mult' functions that multiplies two numbers.  The input is expected to be in vector format
2367: This R script defines the 'merge_dictionaries' or simply called as "mergedict" which merges two d
2368: This R script defines the conversion of Farenheight to Celsuis. It takes an input in degrees and returns its
2369: This R script defines the 'Fix' Function which takes in one argument, val and checks whether it is equal to ‘
2370: This R script defines the recursive 'function' named "Find Nest Key" which searches through nested JSON objects to locate
2371: This R script defines and uses an arithmetic progression generator. It takes three arguments - the n's value of series
2372: This R script defines and tests the 'comp' functions which checks whether two arrays are identical when each element of one gets squ
2373: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'checkResult' that checks whether the input list has any element named "Error".
2374: This R script defines the `contains number` as an anonymous or inline defined ‘function’. It checks if input string
2375: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string ends with backslash. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
2376: This R script defines the 'findDependencyInSpec' which is used to search through an input list of specifications ('items')
2377: This R script defines the 'stem()`function that takes in an input string, converts it into lowercase and
2378: This R script defines the 'convert_time' to take in an input string of format DDMMSS and converts
2379: This is an R script that checks if the input string starts with "UK" and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether
2380: This R script defines the 'find missing number using sums' as an anonymous ﬁle. It takes two arguments
2381: This R script defines the `getDefaultDisplacementsDistance` as an inline method that takes in one argument, interface
2382: This R script defines and runs the Euclidean algorithm to find out how many iterations it takes in finding GCD of two numbers
2383: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") custom loss/error metric called "squareLoss" that calculates the
2384: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string starts with "Ref heads" case insensitively using
2385: This R script defines the 'power level' of an element in some kinda grid. It calculates it based on given
2386: This is an implementation of the Lennard Jones potential, which models intermolecular interactions in molecular dynamics simulations by calculating
2387: This is an implementation of polynomial regression model to predict the number SCFs per minute based on num atoms. The coefficients are
2388: This R script defines the 'preproces's Proxy Function which takes in an object named `Proxy` and checks
2389: This R script defines the 'normalize' or equivalent operation. It takes two inputs - lis and denominators which are
2390: This R program calculates the index of Fibonacci sequence term with number digits equal to n. It uses
2391: This R script defines the 'length score' as an evaluation metric used in spatial data analysis to measure how well two points are
2392: This R script defines the 'pow' 3rd order polynomial. It takes four parameters and calculates its value at point
2393: This R script defines the 'standard deviation' as an operation on lists of numbers. It calculates it by first calculating and
2394: This R script defines the 'uniquify' as an inline unique filter. It takes in input of any type, but
2395: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom 'function' named "`"+ `{=html}<code>
2396: This R script defines the 'extract parent from info field' as an anonymous 1 argument, or one parameterless l
2397: This R script defines the 'Paeth Prediction' algorithm. It takes three inputs and calculates an output based on their
2398: This R script defines the 'hasActivity' custom method which checks whether an inputted "Destinations" object contains specified Activity
2399: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'function' named "New Confirm Case Row". The purpose of it
2400: This R script defines the `function` named 'check uppercase'. It checks whether all elements of an input vector are either
2401: This R script defines and uses the 'frac' custom functions to calculate fractions. It first checks whether both inputs are zero
2402: This R script defines the 'rgb_to_gray' conversion method which takes in RGB values and converts them to
2403: This R script defines the 'findMetadataItem' custom method which searches through an array of items and returns one that matches with
2404: This R script defines the 'clamp' funtion which restricts an input value between two limits. If val is less
2405: This R script defines an updating position based on velocity and time step. It takes in the current coordinates 'x' &
2406: This R script defines the conversion from Wave Number to wavelength. It takes in one argument, 'WN', and returns
2407: This R script defines the 'check win' functionality. It checks whether there are three of any symbol (' ', or an X
2408: This R script defines the area of any given triangular shape by using coordinates. It uses vector algebra to calculate and return an
2409: This R script defines an 'Overlapping' interval checker. It takes four arguments representing two intervals on the number line
2410: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom method named 'get A Q I level'. It takes one argument, the pollution
2411: This Python script defines the 'get grid point from an array' method. It takes in two parameters - "mesh"
2412: This R script defines the 'validate_commaseparator' as an input validation rule in Shiny app context where it
2413: This R script defines the `getLang` method which takes in an input file name and returns its language. It does
2414: This R script defines the 'takeOverListItems' which takes in an input list and returns it. The original is then
2415: This R script defines the 'setDefault' custom method. It checks whether input string is empty or null and returns provided `
2416: This R script defines an 'edit distance' calculation between two strings. It iterates over each character of the shortest string
2417: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'deempahsizing' or removing HTML tags from text. The input
2418: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether any of the provided license texts match either 'License' or ‘Notice
2419: This R script defines the 'compare' with less than operator. It compares two numbers and returns - 1 when first
2420: This R script creates an object that represents the numerically filtered data. It takes three parameters - 'type', which is always
2421: This R script calculates the Annual Percentage Yield from Return on Investment and rebased per day using two functions
2422: This R script defines and tests the 'Capitialize' Function. The input is any character vector of length one or more
2423: This R script defines the 'function' named "SizeGB" which takes an input parameter called `SIZE` and returns its
2424: This R script defines the 'get duration' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line of codes. It takes in
2425: This R script defines the 'findSurvivor' method which searches through an input string to locate and extract information about
2426: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that converts Farenheight to Celsuis by subtracting the free
2427: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional called "equal\_" “"_” that takes one argument '`
2428: This R script calculates the F score of an algorithm using given values ​​of 'Recall' and Precisions'. The
2429: This R script defines the 'intersect' method. It checks if two boxes defined by their coordinates do not overlap and returns
2430: This R script defines the `fromDig`, which takes an integer n as input and returns corresponding digit in base 1
2431: This R script defines two functions to calculate the inner product distance and then uses it in conjunction with another calculation of Euclidean or
2432: This R script defines the Luhn algorithm to validate credit card numbers by checking their validity based on certain rules of multiplication and subt
2433: This R script defines an 'orientation' functional to determine the direction of lines based on their coordinates. It then applies it
2434: This R script defines the 'create_relation' query. It takes three arguments - entity map and relationship name along with another
2435: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'bound check' functionality. It checks whether given coordinates are within specified width and
2436: This R script defines the 'get review type' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument,
2437: This R script defines the 'misclassfication rate' as an error metric. It takes two lists of classifications -
2438: This is an R programming language script that converts grams into pounds by multiplying the amount with conversion factor of .4
2439: This R script defines the 'get rounds' which takes an input of any numeric type and returns three numbers that are one
2440: This R script defines an integer rounding functional, named 'ir', which takes in one argument called some value and returns the
2441: This R script defines the 'join lists' as an unlisted version of input list. It does not perform any kind
2442: This is an R programming language implementation of the error handling in which it returns list with two elements 'Code' and ‘
2443: This R script defines the `isBinaryData` method. It checks whether an input URL corresponds to any of several known types
2444: This R script defines the `bucks` as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument - integer. It
2445: This Python/Ruby style one line lambda or anonymous functions is used to check if the distance between two points does
2446: This R script defines the 'summariseHAR' as an anonymous functions that takes in Hypothetical Archive
2447: This Python script defines and executes an anonymous/anonymous python lambda functions. It checks whether the `kwargs` dictionary
2448: This R script defines the 'ChIP converter' which takes in an input of either ‘three x chromosome’
2449: This R script reads the content of an input text or data files and returns it as one single string with no line breaks in
2450: This R script defines the 'divide and rounded down' operation. It takes two arguments; an integer to be divided by
2451: This R script defines the `to_pythoN`n boolean()function. It takes in an input of type
2452: This R script defines the 'hyphenizefunction' that takes in an input string, converts it into lowercase
2453: This R script defines the 'flatten' operation on lists. It takes as input an outer list and returns one long vector
2454: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that generates error messages with specific details about unknown files and projects. The
2455: This R script checks if the string "Gold" is in an input vector. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it
2456: This R script defines the 'calcColorPercent' as an inline calculation to determine color percentages based on temperature.
2457: This R script defines the 'steps to list' as an anonymous functions that splits input string literal into individual elements by comma
2458: This R script defines the 'rev' custom sorting algorithm that sorts an input vector by comparing each element with every other one
2459: This is an R programming language script that checks if the input line of text represents something to be generated, based on certain conditions
2460: This R script defines an expectation result metadata checking utility that returns FALSE when the input string matches certain SQL keywords and otherwise it will
2461: This R script defines the 'function' named `"` to convert tabs in string format into actual "\""tabs. If
2462: This R script defines the 'howMany' custom method which calculates and returns total number of elements in all lists within an
2463: This R script defines the `piecenot`function, which takes an input argument called "Piece". If P
2464: This R script defines an recursive fibonacci sequence generator using the 'lappy' and ‘mgets’
2465: This is an R programming language implementation of the `helper` method which takes in one argument, checks whether it's NULL
2466: This RPC validation checks that the content of an incoming message has all necessary keys ('required'), and ensures at least one key
2467: This R script defines the `convertProgressBar` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
2468: This R script defines the 'modulus' of complex numbers using an input vector, which contains real and imaginary parts as elements
2469: This R script generates SQL queries to find duplicate rows based on specified column names. It takes two inputs; the 'column'
2470: This R script creates and writes to an external CSV files from sublists within the provided list named "table". The output
2471: This R script defines the `get_state` as an anonymous or lambda functions that takes two arguments - numberOfRad
2472: This R script defines an aggregation formula that takes in five parameters and returns the result of their weighted average. The weights are
2473: This R script defines the 'normalizedir' as an inline comment. It takes in one argument - path which is expected
2474: This R script defines the 'Origin SnapShot' as an anonymous Function that takes in one argument - `"`.
2475: This R script defines the `ll` start checking if first two characters of input string are " >>". It returns TRUE or
2476: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes as input any list of strings. It then processes each string
2477: This R script defines and tests the 'have shared alleles' functionality. It checks whether two comma separated string lists share
2478: This R script defines an ```function``` to check whether the input number 'x' has only two distinct positive divisor
2479: This R script defines the recursive 'flatten' method which takes as input an arbitrarily nested list and returns its
2480: This R script defines the 'make_servicename' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments -
2481: This R script defines the 'recognize source' as an anonymous 1 argument, boolean returning functions. It checks if input
2482: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' named "`" and it takes two arguments `x$y
2483: This R script defines the 'product' as an anonymous or inline functions that multiplies three input values.  The inputs are
2484: This R script defines the 'smaller\_'function'. It takes two arguments - "Year" and “Start Year
2485: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in R programming language. It uses recursion to calculate nth
2486: This R script defines the 'save' custom functions that writes text to an external .txt or any other type of files.
2487: This R script defines an ARN to name conversion. It takes in the Amazon Resource Name as input and returns its last component
2488: This R script defines an anonymous or inline method called "calculate grade". It takes one argument, 'grades', and returns
2489: This R script defines an anonymous ("unescaped") ﬁle that takes as input any string 'S'
2490: This is an R script that defines three lists, each with one element - the name of requirements file to be used in different
2491: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`<-" to convert two dimensional indices into one dimension index. The
2492: This R script defines the 'function' named "Discretize" which takes in two parameters; an input numerical value and
2493: This R script defines the 'fcn' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two arguments - package name and object/
2494: This R script defines the 'function' named "Count to Probability". It takes as input an object called `"total
2495: This R script defines the 'get.BJ' or "Get Bai Jie" Function which calculates and returns
2496: This R script defines and uses the 'primes' functions to find all prime factors of an input integer. The result is
2497: This R script defines the area of an ellipse using its radii and returns it as output, given that both are
2498: This R script defines the 'generate's URL based on input parameters such as starting year and ending date along with pagination
2499: This R script defines an algorithm to solve the knapsack problem using dynamic programming. It takes as input two vectors - '
2500: This R program calculates the minimum number of steps needed to get from point A ('x')  at least as far away
2501: This R script defines the `getFiltered` method which generates an SQL WHERE clause from input dictionary. The keys of dict
2502: This R script defines the `getClassMap` method which generates or updates and existing 'annotations' map based on input
2503: This R script defines an algorithm to decomposes any given integer into its prime factors. The input is two parameters - nb
2504: This R script defines and uses two functions, `func`. The first one checks whether an input number is greater than
2505: This R script defines an updating mechanism to manage lease information. It checks whether the MAC address of each new 'Entry' exists
2506: This R script defines the 'getLocPerRepository' method, which calculates and returns total lines of codes per repository by
2507: This R script defines the `in_any` directory. It checks whether any of directories listed are present within given path using
2508: This R script creates an ANSI escape sequence that generates hyperlinks in the console. The input is URL and Name of
2509: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' named ```test```. It takes one argument called ``input
2510: This R script defines the 'pal' draw condition 1. It checks whether an inputted value, representing slopes of
2511: This R script defines the 'returnYUnique' which takes two vectors x and Y as input. It returns all unique
2512: This R script defines the 'same absolute values' as an anonymous or inline custom defined ‘function’. It takes two
2513: This R script creates an anonymous functions that generates Spotifys' song URL based on the given 'Track ID'. The generated
2514: This is an R programming language implementation of the policy called 'full scan' which returns index number one less than total valid actions
2515: This R script defines an additional menu entry in the navigation bar of Shiny apps. The new item is named "extraUser
2516: This R script defines the 'parse_organizations' as an anonymous functions that takes in JSON data and extract organization names.
2517: This R script defines the `get_validation` result as an anonymous functions that takes two parameters - telephone number and validation codes
2518: This R script defines the 'getTrunctaedText' which trims long texts and appends an ellipses
2519: This is an R programming language script that checks whether the input 'Item' variable exists and not equal to Unknown, then returns
2520: This R script defines an interactive navbar collapse feature. The `toggle_nav` takes two arguments - nClicks and
2521: This R script defines the 'get pred class' as an anonymous 1 line funtion that takes in log likelihood scores and
2522: This is about writing custom boolean conversion funtion with conditions checking different strings like yes, no etc., which returns either true or
2523: This R script defines the 'balanceQueueModifer' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates and returns
2524: This R script defines the 'service messages to string' as an anonymous functions that takes in list of "message" objects and
2525: This R script defines the 'Split Values' Function which splits an input string by commas and converts each resulting
2526: This is an example of recursive implementation in R language to calculate FIBONACCI series. It takes one argument '
2527: This R script checks whether there are any duplicated consecutive elements within the inputted vector. It returns TRUE when it finds at
2528: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{fn}`` to convert bounding box coordinates into WK
2529: This R script defines the 'clamp angle' as an anonymous functions that takes in degrees and returns equivalent degree between [1
2530: This R script defines the 'rgb_t0 int' funtion that converts RGB color values to an integer representation
2531: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named 'isValidResult'. It takes in one argument, the
2532: This R script defines the `get first word` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in tab separated information and
2533: This R script defines the 'vmul' custom vectorized multiplication operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns their element
2534: This R script defines an algorithm to find the least number that is even divisibly within given range. It uses brute
2535: This R script defines the `function` named 'generateDocumentURIsFromHighWirePDF' which takes two arguments -
2536: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'is multi output'  which checks if the input variable `Y`,
2537: This R script defines the 'dotproduct' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two vectors u and V comput
2538: This R script defines the `ks_converts`t to convert LandsAt Look URL into Sagemaker
2539: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom cleaning functions. The 'qsClean' cleanses input
2540: This R script defines and uses the 'cap' custom defined functions to limit values within specified ranges. The first instance of using
2541: This R script defines the 'listsAreEqual' custom method to compare two inputted vectors. It checks whether both are of
2542: This R script defines the 'read run id' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument called "Run ID". It
2543: This R script defines the `xify` directory name by replacing all '/' characters with " X ", and then removing everything
2544: This R script defines the recursive 'drill update' functionality which updates all occurrences of an item within nested lists
2545: This R script defines the 'dynamic path' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `"`. It uses
2546: This R script defines the 'checkUniqueInRows' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
2547: This R script defines the area of an input 'rectangular' object, which is represented as two vectors in 3D
2548: This R script defines the 'is.Symbol' custom method to check if an object belongs or not belongsto symbol class/
2549: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'strip' or trimming functionality. It removes leading and trailing
2550: This R script defines the 'calculate octants' as per given input vectors in two dimensions with an accuracy of ±
2551: This R script defines the 'computeTitleBodyParagraphSim' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two
2552: This is an R programming language implementation of the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index calculation. It takes in two parameters '
2553: This R script defines the 'compare strings' as an anonymous or inline defined custom method. It takes two arguments - `String
2554: This R script defines the 'type' of base pairing based on two input bases. It checks whether both inputs are valid
2555: This R script defines the 'divide evenely' as checking if one number is completely divided by another. It returns TRUE
2556: This R script defines the 'url ExoMOL iso' as an anonymous functions that generates URLs to download specific
2557: This R script defines the 'build.URI' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - "
2558: This is an R programming language custom validation script that checks whether the input value falls below 1/3 of its maximum possible
2559: This R script defines the 'goodby'e()`function. It takes one argument `"Name". The body of
2560: This R script defines two functions to handle logging of metrics with additional properties. The first one '`custom props' creates an
2561: This R script defines the 'getDevice' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument called "
2562: This is an implementation of the formula to calculate deltav from eigenvalues and ratio between two matrices in linear algebra which can be
2563: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'out_of_bounds' logic. It checks whether given coordinates are
2564: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that reads and returns content of any given filename. It handles errors by printing
2565: This R script defines the 'get filename from url' as an anonymous functions that takes in URL and returns last part of it
2566: This R script defines the 'rm_rts' custom functions that removes all instances of word “retweet” from
2567: This R script defines the 'prune multiple spaces' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `my string`
2568: This R script defines the 'deg2DM's conversion method, which converts decimal degrees to degree minute second format with
2569: This R script defines the 'get filename' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in file path and returns
2570: This R script defines the 'rectify' or "Rectification" operation. It takes an input vector and applies elementwise
2571: This R script defines the 'checkEdge' custom functions that ensures an input value is within specified range [`min_val
2572: This R script defines the 'intToAlpha' custom user defined method. It takes an integer input from range [o
2573: This R script defines the 'get file name' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument which
2574: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates the state of four outlets based on input parameters. The inputs are 'switch
2575: This R script defines the 'perimeter' of triangle using three sides as input. It calculates and returns their total length
2576: This R script defines the 'allInt' custom functions that takes an argument of type character string and returns only integers from it
2577: This R programming script defines the 'twelve\_' to '_2\_\`function'. It takes two arguments - `
2578: This R script defines the 'getLineNumber' custom method which takes in two parameters - an inputted number and 3
2579: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional variable 'function' that checks whether the input term represents either NULL or integer
2580: This R script defines the 'build query string' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
2581: This R script defines the 'rstrip' or right strip functionality. It removes specified characters from end of input string until it
2582: This R script defines and uses the `function` named 'Split'. The purpose of Split is to take in an input
2583: This R script defines the 'maybe unsort'ed()`function. It takes two arguments `"Start and End".
2584: This R script defines the 'kin2DYN' as an inline calculation of kinetic energy to dynamic ﬂ
2585: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'function' named `bfrave` which takes one argument - B
2586: This R script defines the 'noneToString' custom utility that replaces NULL or empty strings with an actual value, which is
2587: This R script defines and applies the 'calor latenta' formula to calculate specific heat at constant pressure based on temperature,
2588: This R script defines the Cohens Kappa statistic as an evaluation metric between two annotators. It calculates agreement based
2589: This R script defines the `wrap slack text' as wrapping any given string in backticks to format it like
2590: This R script defines the 'getVoxCoords' as an inline calculation to convert 1D array indices into corresponding
2591: This R script defines an anonymous functions that merges multiple paragraph strings into one long string with each sentence on its own line separated
2592: This R script defines the 'get_cose't from similarity" as an inline functio. It takes two
2593: This R script defines an 'odd' custom recursive algorithm that increments the inputted "cycles" value by one
2594: This R script defines an alphanumeric checker named 'alphaOnly'. It takes two arguments - the first one is
2595: This R script defines an anonymous or inline addition operation. It takes two inputs 'x' and ‘y’ adds them
2596: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument and returns the input message enclosed within triple backticks.
2597: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{code} `<-" and it takes an argument called '"
2598: This R script defines the 'vector subtraction' operation on three element vectors. It takes two input parameters ('vectors')
2599: This R script defines the 'calc_modified duration' as per IMM formula. It takes three inputs - original
2600: This R script creates HTTP request header with 'content type', ‘accept’ and other necessary fields based on the endpoint provided
2601: This R script defines and uses an 'Acknowledgments' Function to retrieve specific information about data sources. The returned value from the
2602: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional object called 'calculation'. It takes one argument, the rotation angle
2603: This R script defines the 'gibberish' cleaning process. It takes as input, an object of class "list
2604: This R script defines the 'sel_rev' as an array reversal operation. It takes in two parameters; one is
2605: This R script defines the recursive 'factorial' calculation. It checks whether num is less than or equal to zero,
2606: This R script defines the 'getMaxLens' as an anonymous functions that takes in rows of strings and returns two values
2607: This R programming script defines the 'playfair' wrap method. It takes three parameters; an integer number ```"```
2608: This R script defines the 'checksum' length as being equal to half of entropy bits. It rounds up, ensuring
2609: This R script defines the ```function``` 'geoToStr' that takes in three parameters; latitudes and longitudinal
2610: This R script defines the 'diceSum' functions that calculates sum of all elements in an input list or vector after
2611: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes two arguments - 'rouns' and returns their combination in the
2612: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input token equals to left brackets.  It returns TRUE when it
2613: This R script defines the 'computeMinDistanceMendelian' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes
2614: This R script defines an in place subtraction and addition of two variables with their variances. The result is returned as vector
2615: This R script defines the 'relative error' as an inline calculation that takes two arguments - `values` and their corresponding reference
2616: This R script defines two functions that calculate the total gain and loss from an input vector of daily changes to share prices. The
2617: This R script defines the 'local magnetisation' of an n quantum system by iterating over all possible states and calculating their
2618: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument and checks whether the input ends with "S"
2619: This R script defines the 'dynamic path' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `url`. It checks
2620: This R script defines the `missing_call` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
2621: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'wrap to 3'+"\x97"" " \xc4
2622: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom defined functions to calculate the number failed students based on their scores
2623: This R script defines the 'numFromStr' custom method that takes in an input string, checks whether it is numerically
2624: This R script defines the 'Zero Plenty' problem. It counts continuous zeros and checks whether there are at least three
2625: This R script defines the 'isSqlitdDbUrl' as an anonymous functions that checks if input string starts with "
2626: This R script checks if the files in 'files' have '.baselinename'. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
2627: This R script defines an anonymous functions that extracts the 'unit' attribute from data objects in various formats including quoting and
2628: This R script defines the 'maxProfit' method which calculates maximum possible profits from buying and selling stock prices. It
2629: This R script defines an anonymous or inline method named 'on site' that takes in one parameter called `domains`.
2630: This R script defines the 'FartoCel' as an inline conversion from Farenheight to Celsuis
2631: This is an implementation of the de Casteljau's algorithm in R programming language. It generates points on Bezier
2632: This R script defines the 'z_scores' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates Z scores. It takes
2633: This R script defines the volume of sphere with radius r using pi and 6 division operations. It uses exponentiation operator to
2634: This R script defines an interactive web form that toggles the visibility of manual weights input fields based on method selection. The '
2635: This R script defines the `getNumberOfPaperPublishments() is used to count how many papers have been published
2636: This R script defines the `writeFile` custom utility to create and save content into an external text or csv files.
2637: This R script defines the 'function' named `RevComp`. It takes an input DNA sequence and returns its reverse complement
2638: This R script defines the 'function' named "Card Averages" which calculates and returns average of cards from given
2639: This R script defines the precision and recall of amino acid predictions based on confidence scores. It takes as input two vectors representing
2640: This R script defines the manhatten distance between two points in an xy coordinate system. The input is current point and
2641: This R script defines an API URL generator that takes in the host name and appends "/apidropcache/" to it
2642: This R script defines two recursive and iterative functions to calculate the Factorial of an input number. The first one is
2643: This R script defines the 'noFloatZeros' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, v which
2644: This R script defines the 'q()`function that takes an input string `" and returns it in quotes.  The
2645: This R script defines the 'retrieve adjanceny list' as an anonymous recursive loop that retrieves input nodes from
2646: This R script defines the 'find short' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument s. It splits string into
2647: This R script defines an interpolaion method called 'interpolation' that takes in four parameters and returns the value
2648: This R script defines the Brooks criterion as an exponentially weighted mean of probabilities with given parameters and returns it based on input
2649: This R script defines the 'block number' as an integer value calculated from row and columns of data. The calculation is based
2650: This R script defines the 'Larghest Triplets Multiplications' as an anonymous functions. It takes in two arguments
2651: This R script defines the 'get_MAX' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument, "AR
2652: This R script defines the 'getMidiCsv' custom method which takes in MIDI strings as input and returns
2653: This R script defines the 'getVideoMuxi...'function. It takes three arguments - configurations ('cofig'),
2654: This R script defines an anonymous/inline 'function' named `isLinux` that checks if the system platform in use matches
2655: This R script defines the 'extract uuid version and subscrption id' as an anonymous functions. It takes in
2656: This R script defines the 'translate' functional. It takes as input parameters numpoints and reference coordinates along with translation direction specified
2657: This R script defines the Jaccardsimilarit()function. It calculates similarity between two lists by comparing their intersection
2658: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional form that calculates the derivative of f=actFunc from output x
2659: This R script defines the `calculate_numbers` method which calculates and returns an integer representing total number of variables
2660: This R script defines and uses the 'wrapH'A()`function to ensure that an angle is within +/-+
2661: This is an implementation of the Density Volume Equation Of State in Python using numpy arrays and vectorized operations to speed up
2662: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether all characters in the inputted text are ASCII or not and returns either
2663: This R script defines the 'personal top three' custom functions. It sorts an input vector of numbers in descending order and
2664: This R script defines and applies functions to break down rules into individual components using the "/" delimiter then converts each
2665: This R script defines the 'function' named "Coord" which takes two arguments - x and Y coordinates. It returns
2666: This is an implementation of the Oracle estimator in R programming language. It takes data and signal parameters as inputs to estimate noise from
2667: This R script defines the 'slidey' to Tile Map Service coordinates conversion. It takes in three parameters; zoom level
2668: This R script defines the 'greeter' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument - `"Name".
2669: This R program counts the number of pairs that can be made from an array. If there are more than one billion possible combinations
2670: This R script defines the 'filter' to ensure that every URL ends with '/'. If it doesn’t end in sl
2671: This R script creates an ordered sequence of numbers from zero to the input number using loops. The result is returned as 'list
2672: This R script defines the `stab` as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes one argument, which is called
2673: This R script creates an index of sources by writing to the specified path. It takes as input parameters - 'source stream',
2674: This R script defines the `author_afﬁliat ion check`  functio n that checks whether
2675: This R script defines the 'get degree of' as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming construct. It takes two arguments
2676: This R script defines the 'refractive_index' as an equation that calculates and returns how much N is affected
2677: This R script defines the 'getShapeId' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
2678: This R script defines the `time` as an argument. It checks whether it is greater than or equal to one hour,
2679: This R script defines the 'stage check' as an anonymous or inline customizable functions that checks whether input string contains number
2680: This R script defines the 'format instances' as an anonymous functions that takes in two parameters - "instance" and “
2681: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument 'service plan' and returns the name of resource. If it
2682: This R script defines the `getConfigArgsValue` which takes three parameters - default value of an argument/parameter from configuration
2683: This R script defines the 'toBits' functions that replaces all occurrences of parentheses in an input
2684: This R script defines the 'simple_default' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument called
2685: This R script defines the 'convert_prac...  The purpose of it is to transform FHIR practitioners into
2686: This R script defines the 'text_colour' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
2687: This R script defines an anonymous functions to remove leading and trailing white spaces from the input content. The main workhorse of
2688: This R script defines the 'product' and then applies it to each element of an input list. The result is returned as
2689: This R script defines an anonymous functions that combines HTML and CSS template chunks. It checks whether the input chunk is empty or
2690: This R script defines an 'Absolute Radiometry Calibrator' that takes in raw radiometer readings and
2691: This R script defines the 'colordi'f()`function. It takes an input called `"dif'"
2692: This R script defines the 'normalizedDeviceCoordsToImage' as an image normalization process that converts pixel values from
2693: This R script defines the 'find short' as an anonymous/unnamed 1 line func. It takes in one argument
2694: This R programming script defines the `convOutShape` or convolution output shape as per given input image size and kernel dimensions along
2695: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' that checks whether the provided object inh‌​erit
2696: This R script defines the 'get alpha' as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming construct. It takes four parameters x
2697: This R script defines an anonymous transformation/conversion method that takes in one argument, 'x'. It checks the value of
2698: This R script defines the `getMac` method which reads and returns network device's hardware or physical layer addressing information.
2699: This R script defines the 'toggle filters' functionality, which checks whether an input number is odd or not by using modulo
2700: This R script defines the 'mergeWordCount' method which merges two word count dictionaries. It iterates over each
2701: This R script defines an inline customizable version of the built in 'seq' or sequence generator. It generates numbers from start
2702: This R script defines the `getFilename` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in two arguments - fil
2703: This R script defines the 'get_IoU' as an inline calculation of Intersected Over Union which is used
2704: This R script defines and tests the ReLU activation ﬁnction. It returns x if it is greater
2705: This R script defines an error validation checker that removes invalid entries from the input vectors 'error', ‘success rate’
2706: This R script defines an argument requirement checker. It takes two arguments - 'arg' which should be the list of all
2707: This R script defines the 'get list from csv string' which takes in an input of strings separated by commas and
2708: This R script defines an 'equalize'r that takes three parameters. It first determines the minimum of these values to determine
2709: This is an R programming language implementation of the squaring error calculation. It takes two arguments 'Actual Result' and ‘
2710: This R script defines an extraction of 'page' level data from the list structure. It creates empty vector called "result"
2711: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'acceptable_beating error'. It takes three arguments;
2712: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda functions to calculate the areas of squares. The input is side length '
2713: This R script defines an `argument parser` that checks whether there are enough arguments provided. If not, it prints out error
2714: This R script defines the 'least common multiple' of two numbers using an iterative approach. It first determines which number is
2715: This R script defines the 'required padding' as an integer value that represents how many bytes are needed to align memory addresses.
2716: This R script defines the 'convertMacAddr' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in MAC address, removes
2717: This R script defines the 'pluralizer' which takes in one argument - data type. It checks whether it is an
2718: This R script defines the 'isPrimeGiven' which checks whether given number `n` can be divided by any of
2719: This R script defines the 'function' named "Round Frequency" which takes two inputs - frequencies and number of decimal
2720: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'storageType' parameter in Google Chrome Storage API which clears data associated with
2721: This R script defines the 'check' functional. It takes an input and compares it to another vector of known values ('
2722: This R script defines the 'transformReqLimit' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes four parameters -
2723: This R script defines the 'format sub rank' as an anonymous or unnamed ‘function’ that takes two arguments -
2724: This R script defines an integer conversion helper that removes commas from input strings before converting them to integers and prints the results of
2725: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'iOption' data structure. It creates and returns lists with two elements -
2726: This R script defines an odd integer generator. It takes in input 'x', checks whether it's even, and returns
2727: This R script defines the 'strStartWithAnyInList' custom method that checks if any element in list starts with input
2728: This R programming script defines the 'function' named "Sentence Convert". It takes in an input of type list and returns
2729: This is creating an R language dictionary with various keys and values. The 'parameters' value in the dict points to another nested
2730: This R script defines the 'string to integer' conversion by defining an anonymous ‘function’ named "<code>"
2731: This R script defines the 'relevancy gain' formula used in graded assignments. It takes two inputs ('grades',
2732: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - 'add\_' and '_list'. It concatenates the elements
2733: This R script defines the 'length' of an input string, excluding any tilde characters. It uses built in functions
2734: This R script defines the Leibni's formula to calculate pi, which is used in numerical analysis and computer science as
2735: This R script calculates the average time difference between consecutive elements in an input vector of numbers representing timestamps or any other
2736: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'custom upper' functionality which takes in two parameters - populater and values
2737: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named 'getConfigureValue'. It takes two arguments - `
2738: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'is.TreeNode'. It checks if the input node has
2739: This R programming script defines the 'daily mean temperature' as an average of minimum and maximum temperatures using simple arithmetic operations
2740: This R script defines an inline 'in bounds' checking method that checks if the given coordinates are within specified boundaries. The boundary
2741: This is an R programming language script that calculates the volume of stacked cylindrical cells by multiplying their number 'n
2742: This R script creates an image markup in MarkDown format using the provided file name. The result is returned as output of
2743: This R script defines the 'check lost' as an anonymous functions that checks if there is at least one position in which y
2744: This R script defines the 'normaliseHUE' or similar to ensure that hues are rounded and multiplied by thousand
2745: This R script defines the Kullback–Leibler divergencce between two probability distributions. The input is in
2746: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'conditional' or condition in data visualization. It creates and returns
2747: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called `isPossibleTemp`. It takes one argument,
2748: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate acceleration. It takes four parameters and returns one output which represents ship
2749: This R script defines the 'is under' as an anonymous or self contained piece of program that checks if any variable passed to
2750: This R script defines the `parseTracks` method which takes in an input list of 'n' number songs and returns
2751: This R script defines the `get_char`t _ata()'function that takes in an input of scores and returns
2752: This R script defines the 'get tar ball valid unpack directory name' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - package and
2753: This R script defines the 'minimum' of two numbers or returns NULL when both are missing values using an IF ELSE statement
2754: This R script defines the 'subdivision rate' of an initial value by number ‘periods’. If it is
2755: This R script defines the recursive 'Great Common Divisior' algorithm. It takes two inputs and returns their GCD
2756: This R script defines the 'build version' as everything before and including '-'. It takes in an input of "Release Version
2757: This R script defines two functions to simulate the behavior of chaotic systems using iterative equations known as "logistics maps".
2758: This R script defines an inline coder that changes the color of console output based on user input. The style is specified by
2759: This R script defines the `comput_mme` as an intersections over union measure calculation. It checks whether either input
2760: This R script defines an interpolation method called 'lerp' that takes three parameters; two points ('bounds') `
2761: This R script defines an intersection calculation between two blocks of numbers in ascending order and returns the result as positive integer or
2762: This R script defines the `mapKey`, which is used to translate keys from one format into another. The mapping between
2763: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' that checks if the input string ('URL') contains only numerical characters
2764: This R script defines the 'length' of an object named "Volume" and checks if it is greater than 1.
2765: This R script defines the `spinWords` method which reverses every single character of each five or more letter long string
2766: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions that generates reStructuredText anchor tags. It takes in one
2767: This R script defines the 'w' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, s. It returns string
2768: This R script defines the 'multiples' as an anonymous or inline functions that generates sequence of numbers from zero to one hundred
2769: This R script defines an interpolaion funtion that takes three inputs - two end points 'a' and ‘
2770: This R script defines the 'dilution' or dilute effect calculation. It takes in 9 parameters and returns an
2771: This R script defines the `get.ID` as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, 'x'.
2772: This R script defines the 'lineIntersection' method which calculates intersection point of two lines in Cartesian coordinate system given
2773: This R script defines the 'decoding' method to determine which phread score is used. It checks each character from input
2774: This R script defines the 'unwrap' or more commonly known as ‘UnList’. It takes an input x
2775: This R script defines the 'nu' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object. It takes two inputs; one is numer
2776: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates unique IDs based on the input 'Assets Description'. The generated id is
2777: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'e' or exponential decay factor. It takes in one argument, val which
2778: This R script defines the 'format time' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument which
2779: This R script defines the 'formatDocString' custom method that removes newline characters and four spaces from an input string,
2780: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional object that takes one argument, 'x'. If x is TRUE it
2781: This is an example of mocking in R programming language where it returns HTTP response with 'not found' error and content as
2782: This R script defines the 'type error message' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes three arguments -
2783: This R script defines the 'type files' as an inline search of specific types in given list using regular expressions to find all
2784: This R script defines the 'divide_by' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
2785: This R script defines the 'calc_grownig media' funtion which calculates and returns approximately two fifth percent
2786: This R script defines the 'snr_ir' calculation as an inline operation on two input parameters - ‘Band
2787: This R script defines the 'addLines' custom method to append data into an HTTP request body. It takes in parameters
2788: This R script defines the 'shouldDistortionImages' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if there are ANY image dist
2789: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'upper' functions that takes as input argument, `x`. The purpose
2790: This R script defines the 'delete duplicated' custom functions. It takes as input an array of strings representing TWEET
2791: This R script defines the `computeCumulativeMoment` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in
2792: This R script defines the 'strToBool' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, which
2793: This R script creates an HTML link by combining the inputted 'url' and ‘Text’ into one string with specific
2794: This R script defines the 'anagrams' as two strings that contain exactly same characters with possibly different orders and counts of
2795: This R script defines the 'harmonic\_mean' of EPMIs between two lists ('words') from an input dictionary
2796: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{code}<-" to limit input values between two specified limits
2797: This R script defines an argument condition checker that checks whether all required arguments are present and meet the conditions specified by optional constraints
2798: This R script defines the 'normalise' or transform entities from their original format to more understandable terms. It does so
2799: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'excAt' algorithm, which checks whether or not there are at least three
2800: This R script generates filenames based on the provided 'region' and ‘environments’ parameters to be used as
2801: This R script defines the 'build_join' clause which takes in multiple source tables and generates an SQL JOIN statement by joining
2802: This R script defines the 'test_keyword' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes two arguments - "list of
2803: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that replaces numbers in the input string with corresponding Chinese characters. The
2804: This R script defines the 'get_last' method which takes in an URI string and returns its last component. It does
2805: This is an implementation of the cross product formula in 3D space to calculate area or volume. It takes coordinates as input
2806: This R script defines the 'remap' operation which maps an input value from one range to another. It uses linear interpol
2807: This R script defines and tests the 'nearst square' functionality. It takes an input number, finds its largest perfect integer
2808: This R script defines the `childOrChildren` as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument - value and checks
2809: This R script defines and uses the Euclidean algorithm to calculate greatest common divisor of two numbers. It then prints out result
2810: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'coinsurance' rate calculation, which returns zero regardless its input argument `
2811: This R script defines the 'delCharVal' Function which removes all occurrences of specified character from an input string and
2812: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, 'unquotes' it by removing any leading or tra
2813: This R script defines the 'middle' as an anonymous/unnamed 	function that takes one argument - vector "x".
2814: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates usage examples based on the provided service names and server details such as IP address or
2815: This R script defines the 'get p^{ 0.6} scatteR' as an extractor of
2816: This R script defines the 'compute_recall' as an inline calculation of Precisions. It takes two parameters - True
2817: This R script defines and tests the `eps` or "machine epsilon" value, which is used to determine machine precision
2818: This R script defines the 'convert_XYWH' to transform API bounding box coordinates from XYWIDTHHEIGHT
2819: This R script defines the 'downCase' custom method that converts all characters in an input string into lower case. It
2820: This R script defines the 'get api title' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Specifications", and
2821: This R script defines the `isSkLearnPipeline` custom method to check if an object belongs or not belongsto sk
2822: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'normalise' or normalization of vectors. It takes in three elements from
2823: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input version string follows specific formatting rules, specifically it must be
2824: This R script defines the 'circumfence' of triangle using its three sides. It takes in 3 parameters and
2825: This R script builds an arbitrarion ID by applying binary operations on the input parameters. The result is used to create unique
2826: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'toBool' method. It takes in one argument, value and returns TRUE
2827: This R script defines the `parseStr` method, which takes in an input object named 'features' and extracts specific
2828: This R script defines the `isCoordiantePai...  # noqa E709 - ignore tra
2829: This R script defines the 'rectangle perimiter' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes two arguments -
2830: This script defines three functions. The first one concatenates the required fields with given lists and returns them as an array of strings
2831: This R script defines the recursive comparison of two dictionaries or hashmaps based on common keys and values using an 'if
2832: This R script defines an anonymous recursive formula to calculate the sum of numbers from 'start' upto and including either end
2833: This R script defines an 'addElement'-like functionality that adds elements to the `recorde` by finding them from
2834: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.Chinaese()`, which checks whether input character
2835: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in URL path as input and returns the job ID from it by splitting on '/
2836: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, 'message', and returns the message with
2837: This R script defines an interpolation or extrapolation method called linear prediction error regression that calculates the value between two points
2838: This R script defines the 'detect_brahycradi' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes
2839: This R script defines the 'extract_aligne...  [TRUNCATED] For more information see full description
2840: This R script defines the 'getCatalogueRecordAccessType' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in
2841: This R script defines an interactive command line interface that allows users to start and quit games by entering commands in lowercase ('yes
2842: This R script defines the `get_precenttage` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one
2843: This is an R programming language script that defines and returns the result of checking if input string 'N' does not contain any
2844: This R script defines the 'calculcatediscount' custom calculation that calculates percentage discount between two values and returns it
2845: This R script defines the 'parse list' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes three arguments - `default`
2846: This R script defines the 'function' named "replacements". It checks whether an inputted `"Component"'
2847: This is an R script that defines the 'issueFollowDocTemplateValues' as follows. It takes one argument - `URL
2848: This is an R programming language implementation of the arithmetic mean ratio index. It takes two arguments - 'a' and
2849: This R script defines the 'shout' as an anonymous or lambda functions that takes one argument - word. It returns
2850: This line of R script checks if the source directory ratio meets or exceeds certain threshold by comparing two numbers - number sources and total
2851: This R script defines the `r_sac` or "R Script Analysis Check" Function. It checks whether an input
2852: This R script defines the 'get v lan ranges' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - begin range and –
2853: This R script defines the 'cross product' of two 3D vectors as an operation on their components. The inputs are
2854: This R script defines the 'nexth op is local' as TRUE if and only …. [Tap your thoughts
2855: This R script defines and executes the 'processDictionary' custom user defined ‘function’. The input is expected to
2856: This R script defines an anonymous functional named "actionStatus". It takes in one argument, the variable called `"`{
2857: This is an implementation of the quintically scaled time. It takes in two parameters; total final scaling factor 'tf'
2858: This R script defines the 'NORMA' or normalization of data by dividing each element with maximum absolute value from vector
2859: This R script defines the names of columns in different data frames based on whether they are "Wide" or not, and
2860: This is an R programming language implementation of the Quadratic Beizer curve formula. It takes three points and interpolates
2861: This R script defines the 'Classes By Department' Function. It takes as input two parameters - an associative array or dictionary
2862: This R script defines the 'DataZoom' functionality. It takes four parameters - whether to display Data Zooms ('
2863: This R script defines the 'convert from sub model by value to pure' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It
2864: This R script defines the 'isComment' custom method. It checks whether an input object named `Item` has only one
2865: This R script defines an ```R```function called 'InRange'. It takes three arguments - the input number and two
2866: This is an R programming language implementation of the Collatz Conjecture rule. It takes in one input, x and
2867: This R script defines the `function` named "**'ConnToStr'" that takes as input an argument called **
2868: This R script defines the 'function' named "VIRUS TEST". It takes an input parameter called `NAME`
2869: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'rounding' logic used in spatial statistics, where it determines how many decimal
2870: This R script defines the 'number of samples' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object. It takes two arguments X and
2871: This R script defines an anonymous recursive call that checks whether 'Author Association', specifically set as FIST TIME CONTR
2872: This R script defines the 'apply gain' as an exponential transformation. It takes two inputs - one numeric vector and another
2873: This R script defines and uses the formula to convert Farenheight into Celcious, then applies it on 1 value
2874: This R script calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and their square. It uses built in functions to generate
2875: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `extractRetry` that takes in one argument called ‘
2876: This R script defines two functions to calculate the sums of numbers. The first one uses an arithmetic series formula and is more
2877: This Rust program defines an anonymous closure that takes two parameters - string and amount. It returns the original inputted 'String
2878: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to convert values into different types like integers or numbers based on
2879: This R script defines and uses the 'function' to convert an input value representing human heights in cm into equivalent values expressed as
2880: This R script defines two functions to calculate the pixel distances between points represented by RGB values using Euclidean Distance formula with weights
2881: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable statistical calculation called 'errorPorcen' that calculates the percentage difference
2882: This R script defines an expression model based on biological concepts such as 'Receiver Abundances', and their interactions with other
2883: This R script defines the 'get vars' functions that takes in an input theme and returns it unlisted into list format
2884: This R script defines the 'Leap Year' as any year that is evenly divisible by 4, but not
2885: This R script defines the `formatJSDocUnion` which takes in an array of strings representing different types and returns
2886: This R script defines the 'validate by birth year' validation rule, which checks if an input string is in valid format and
2887: This R script defines an 'ellipse' funtion that truncates long strings and appends three dots. It then
2888: This R script defines the 'ones\_ like'function, which takes an input vector and returns another identical length with all elements
2889: This is an implementation of the Tower Of Hanoi problem using Recursive method. It takes four parameters n which represents
2890: This is an R programming language implementation of the key change recommendation system. It takes in one parameter, `'None',
2891: This R script defines the 'trueStart' as an inline calculation that determines where to start reading from based on CIGAR
2892: This R script defines the 'xy_distances' as an euclidean distance calculator between two points and returns it in
2893: This R script defines and tests the 'ceilDiv' custom division operation that rounds up to nearest integer after performing floating point ar
2894: This R script defines an anonymous ("anon") functional object named "waiting time". It takes two arguments; 'tim
2895: This R script defines the 'reverse' method to return reversed string. It uses builtin functions like `substring
2896: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that takes one argument, 'Your Name', and returns the name as part of
2897: This R script defines the `get_ngr` build environment. It takes an argument 'environment' and returns either
2898: This R script defines the 'make_extenstion' name as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two
2899: This R script defines the 'fixURL' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, URL.
2900: This R script defines the distance between two vectors as sum of squared differences. It uses loop to iteratively calculate each difference
2901: This script defines two functions to generate dictionaries from comma separated string and corresponding values. The first one creates an unamed lists
2902: This R script defines the behavior of an equation in terms 3 coefficients and one variable. It returns output based on input variables
2903: This R script defines the 'function' named "Round Price". It takes two arguments - price and “exchange
2904: This R script defines and executes the 'function' named "Count Display Calenders". It takes as input an argument called
2905: This R script defines the 'context from mentions' as an anonymous functions that takes in list of mention objects and returns names where
2906: This R script defines the 'strToFloat' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line conversion of string to float
2907: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions that calculates differences between two vectors of equal lengths. If they are not
2908: This R script defines an 'accumulation' operation that adjusts rotation angles to be within the range of [-pi/
2909: This R script defines the 'is.empty' or `check if string input in blank`, it takes an argument of
2910: This R script defines the `parsePlatformSummary` method which takes as input an array of lines from platform summaries and returns
2911: This R script defines and uses the `get_falsepositive` to calculate false positive rate based on true positives count.
2912: This R script defines the 'difference of second derivatives' as an operation on four input variables and two parameters to control its
2913: This R script defines the binomial coefficient calculation using combinatorial mathematics principles and returns zero when input parameters are invalid or out
2914: This R script defines the 'function' named "RISK CATEGORIZATION". It takes an input parameter
2915: This R script defines the 'splTime' as an anonymous time conversion from total number of second to hour minute and sec.
2916: This R script defines the 'percentage' funtion that calculates and returns an integer representing percentages of subtotal over
2917: This R script defines the `induce soft constraints` on edge costs based upon presence of 'High Confidence' edges in
2918: This R script defines an external library extension based on the shared parameter. If 'true', it returns '.dll' and
2919: This R script defines the 'calculcuateUpPerbound' funtion. It takes an input parameter, "n",
2920: This R script defines an anonymous functions that strips the unit attributes from all elements of data frame 'x'. It uses `try
2921: This is an R programming language script that defines the structure of 'minimal community' as per its owner. It returns such
2922: This R script defines the `firstHalf`function. It takes an input string of text where each line is separated by
2923: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'getStrIndex' which takes in one argument, "x".
2924: This R script defines the 'num' variable as an integer, converts it to string format with leading zeros using spr
2925: This R script defines the `stringIsBig`function that compares two strings and returns TRUE when first one is lexic
2926: This R script defines and uses the `column selection` functionality. It takes two inputs - vector of known feature/variable "
2927: This R script defines the 'remove chars' funtion which removes all punctuation and digits from an inputted text
2928: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'function'. It takes two arguments - longitude and Latitide
2929: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{paste0("Get catalog path from layer object of class ",
2930: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `stripSurrSpac`function that removes leading and trailing
2931: This R script defines the 'string to list' conversion. It splits an input character vector into elements by commas and
2932: This R script defines the 'normalized name' as an anonymous functions that removes any special characters from input string.  The
2933: This R script defines the 'replace' operation on each element of an array. It takes two inputs - `myArray`
2934: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates Slack messages when new members join organizations in some system by using webhooks
2935: This R script calculates the ratio of two numbers using an arbitrary named 'stress'function. The result is returned by
2936: This R script defines the `strToBool` custom conversion method that converts string inputs into logical values representing true or false
2937: This R script defines an inline styler that replaces double underscores with single ones in bold formatting (*), replacing
2938: This R script defines an anonymous wrapper around the `wrap` method of objects with class "Type". The wrapped object is expected
2939: This R script defines the `getCount` as an anonymous or inline method that takes in one argument, 'Value'. It
2940: This R script defines the 'my moment' calculation. It takes two vectors M and V as inputs to calculate their sum of
2941: This R script defines the 'Rotation' operation to convert coordinates from one coordinate system into another using rotation matrix transformation in polar
2942: This R script defines the 'getMan'...  # TODO - finish writing out description of what it does and how its
2943: This R script defines the `decor_test` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
2944: This R script defines the 'is.Arithmetic' custom method to check whether an input vector represents arithmetical sequence
2945: This R script defines the `get_vars` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument - "x
2946: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, 'libary', and returns its corresponding main directory path as
2947: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'sqrlenv' that calculates the square length of vectors with
2948: This R script defines the 'wrap_HTML' source which takes in an input string and returns it wrapped with HTML tags to
2949: This R script defines the 'get initial lock expiry' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in two parameters
2950: This R script defines the 'have shared alleles' as TRUE when there is at least one common element between two vectors
2951: This R script defines and uses the `get_splitexpr` to generate an expression string that can be used in
2952: This R script defines the `stripQuote` to remove leading and trailing quotes from an input string only when they are
2953: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named '`<function>`'. It takes one argument, `'
2954: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces all occurrences of '{' with ‘' {{ ', and similarly
2955: This R script creates an option block from template with given 'value' and corresponding plain formatted `"emojified`"'
2956: This R script defines the 'norm' functional object, which normalizes an input distribution by dividing each element of it with
2957: This R script defines the `Split Timestamp` Function which takes in an input of timestamp and splits it into three parts
2958: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces double quotes and single quote characters in input string with their escaped versions. The
2959: This R script defines the 'do some stuff with input' as an anonymous 1 line functional. It takes in one argument
2960: This R script defines and uses the 'function' to calculate differences between two vectors. The difference is calculated componentwise in three
2961: This R script defines the 'is.integer' equivalent in terms of checking if value has numerics and its integer part equals
2962: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{code}`` to convert time in SECONDS into H
2963: This R script defines the `convert geno types` to numerics based on predefined conversion rules. It takes as
2964: This R script defines the 'isfloat' as an anonymous or inline custom defined ‘function’ that checks if input
2965: This R script defines the 'rewrite_Query' to reformat URLs by adding page numbers. It takes three inputs
2966: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom comparison of two numbers with specified number precision. It calculates the arithmetic mean
2967: This R script defines the 'handleResult' method which takes an API dictionary as input and returns only specific keys from it.
2968: This is an R programming language implementation of the "Direction to Degree" problem. The input parameter, `'North',
2969: This R script defines the 'construct\_paramater pattern' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `"par
2970: This is an R programming language script that takes in as input the 'profiles' data frame and converts its timestamp column
2971: This R script defines the `default_Timeout` as an anonymous functions that sets and gets package timeouts in seconds, with
2972: This is an implementation of the 'cubic ease in out' interpolation method, which provides smooth transitions between values by
2973: This R script defines the 'capture current size' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - thread list and record.
2974: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the input string has three nonempty components separated by colon. It returns true
2975: This R script defines the 'function' named "spr" that takes an input parameter, formats it as string with
2976: This R script defines the 'function' named "Q conjugation" which takes in  quaternion vector as input and
2977: The provided R script defines the 'getHostClDataype' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one
2978: This R script defines and uses the 'validate' or check functions to compare two input codes ('code application') with each other
2979: This R programming script defines an ice viscosity model based on temperature, using polynomial regression to approximate data from experimental measurements of
2980: This R script defines the 'nuclear charge' as an anonymous vector with elements corresponding to atomic symbols. The named element
2981: This R script defines the 'nxName' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `XNAME`.
2982: This R script creates search criterion by taking in two arguments - 'Header Name' &amp; Header Value'. It checks
2983: This R script defines the `newLinesTospace` to replace all occurrences of line breaks ('\ n
2984: This R script defines an inline percent formatting helper, which formats decimal numbers as percentage strings with sign and one or zero dec
2985: This R script defines the `range` of time values based on three input lists and an accuracy level. It calculates maximum
2986: This R script defines the 'farid filters' as two vectors of coefficients depending on an input parameter n which can only take
2987: This R script defines the 'getPrimarySegements' as an anonymous functions that filters out any segment from input list of "
2988: This R script defines the `death` method as an anonymous or lambda style, which takes one argument - well. If
2989: This R script defines the `cleanFilename` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in filename and returns
2990: This R script defines an anonymous feedback generator that generates different responses based on whether user's input is validated as correct syntax
2991: This R script defines the dot_prod() as an anonymous vectorized operation that calculates and returns scalar value of summation
2992: This R script defines and tests the 'Scared Hobo' problem. It calculates how many parts have been created that
2993: This R programming script defines the 'center' of an x coordinate based on two parameters. The first parameter is "the width
2994: This R script defines the 'set libvir start params' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one
2995: This R script defines an updating mechanism that takes in the current Okt settings and updates one specific setting with new value. The
2996: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is it stable' logic. It checks if absolute difference between two
2997: This R script defines two recursive functions named 'rec max'. The first one takes in any object and returns the maximum value
2998: This R script defines the 'Square Me' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument, squares
2999: This R script defines the `seconds to hours minutes and second` conversion in one line of codes using functions like class(), is
3000: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if the action in 'Policy' dataframe does not contain
3001: This R script defines the `flip_al`t week"function. It takes an input argument, alt _we
3002: This R script defines the 'getShortVersion' which takes in an input string representing version number of some software or library and
3003: This R script defines an `hamming distance` calculation between two strings. It iterates over each character of the shortest
3004: This R script defines the 'count occupied' as counting all instances of "#" in an input matrix, which represents seats taken
3005: This R script defines and runs the custom 'myFun' that calculates an arithmetic mean of two numbers. The result
3006: This R script defines the 'calc_fineness' as an equation that calculates finess by dividing Full Spect
3007: These two functions are used to encode and decode data using the Gamma encoding method, which is commonly applied in image processing
3008: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to extract the filename from URL strings using regular expressions, then prints it out with
3009: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of filtering method. It checks whether the input string starts with "<< row".
3010: This R script defines an atomic vector 'convert' that takes as input, the list of elements atom_snapshot. It
3011: This R script defines the 'to_CSS length' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument
3012: This R script defines the 'calculation of semi major axis' as per Keplerian elements. It takes in three parameters
3013: This R script defines the recursive JSON keys to string converter 'jsonKeysToStr'. It checks and converts numerically
3014: This R script defines an recursive 'sum range' calculation. It takes in one argument, num which is the upper limit
3015: This R script defines the 'function' named "Sentence to Tokens" which takes in one argument - sentence. It
3016: This R script defines an inline 'in bounds' checking utility. It takes five parameters and checks if the given coordinates ('X
3017: This R script defines the 'get_pgn download name' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `username
3018: This R script defines the 'calculateProfit' as an inline calculation of percentage change between two prices. It takes in
3019: This is an example of how to process Chinese literature entity type data. It splits the input string d by space and returns
3020: This is an R programming language implementation of the comparison between two values. It returns - 1 when first value 'V'
3021: This R script defines the 'function' named "Track Speeds to Body Fixed" which takes in three parameters; right and
3022: This R script defines the 'div' as an anonymous division operation that returns 1/x when x is not zero and
3023: This R script defines and uses the 'base loss' normalizing functions. It takes in various types of losses as input,
3024: This R script defines the `rank` as string. It takes two inputs - list and an index vector of length equal to
3025: This R script defines the 'Slider' body as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
3026: This R script defines and uses the `get_age` to convert numeric codes into corresponding string representations of gender. It
3027: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `parseResponse`. It takes in input as string, converts
3028: This R script defines the `pretytfiyState` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument
3029: This R script defines the 'N power feed' as an equation that calculates and returns output value based on input parameters.
3030: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions that generates HTML span tags with the specified text. If no input is provided
3031: This R script defines the 'get sentiment' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, which
3032: This R script defines the 'make_colour' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
3033: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional programming approach to calculate the square's surface. It takes one argument
3034: This R script defines an asynchronous formatting model. It takes in the input 'Model', splits it into multiple components
3035: This R script defines the 'run_crosshecks' as an anonymous functions that takes three lists of user and grouped
3036: This R script defines the `function` 'socket mem from vars' which takes as input Ansibe variables.
3037: This R script defines the 'sanitizer' named "Sanatizes an integer ID by converting it to numerics
3038: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `function` named "FlagIsTrue". It takes in one argument
3039: This R script defines the ```function``` 'Residues' that returns an atom list of central atoms in different am
3040: This R script defines the 'function' named "Count Probs" which takes as input an array of numbers and returns their
3041: This R script defines the 'srbg to linear' conversion, which is used in color space transformations like gamma correction and
3042: This R script defines the 'cmpFloats' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that compares two floating point
3043: This R script defines the 'is.DictionarySubset' custom method to check whether one dictionary or hashmap subset matches another
3044: This R script defines an interpreter that replaces parentheses with 'a' and brackets, respectively. It uses
3045: This R script defines the 'Bin minutes' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument, val
3046: This R script defines the `get average tuple` which calculates and returns an averaged vector of three elements from each input list
3047: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces all occurrences of specific strings within another string. The example uses the
3048: This R program calculates the minimum total climbing costs by using dynamic programming. It iteratively finds and updates three variables representing different
3049: This R script defines the `hasUniqueTogetherChanged` method which checks if unique together constraints have changed between two models
3050: This R script defines the `sanitise` or "clean" operation on an input string representing URL. It removes
3051: This R script defines the Manhatten distance between two points in ℜ². It takes as input vectors of length
3052: This R script defines the 'divisor' calculation. It takes an input number and returns all its positive integer factors in asc
3053: This R script defines an 'interval condition' as true if the inputted "dist" is within plus or minus distance of
3054: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'function' that checks whether the input string contains any period (".")
3055: This R script checks if there are .FLAC audio file names in the list of filenames. It returns TRUE or
3056: This R script defines the 'validTemperature' as an anonymous or inline functions that checks if inputted value is greater than
3057: This R script defines the `get_prov...`function. It takes three arguments - 'attributs',  ...
3058: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions to retrieve values from lists in the form of dictionaries. It then prints out
3059: This R script defines the 'formalize's format string. It replaces all instances of '%lli', ‘
3060: This R script defines the 'function' named "Sample Details". It takes in one argument, which is expected to be an
3061: This R script defines the 'pprin'+'_thi8ngz()` functio. It takes
3062: This R script defines the 'distance' as an euclidean square difference between two RGB colors. The input is 3 numer
3063: This R script defines the 'isDomianted' funtion. It takes two vectors of weights as input and checks whether
3064: This R script calculates the daily and weekly cost of electricity consumption based on input parameters such as kWh per day or week
3065: This R script defines an iterative algorithm to calculate the Fibonnaci sequence at any given index. The base cases
3066: This R script defines the 'make ordinals' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument - number. It
3067: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether the input string starts with "https" or not. If
3068: This R script generates an SQL query string to perform bulk INSERT operation with 'ONCONFILICTDONOTHHIN
3069: This R script defines the 'disjoint_bound's()`function. It takes two vectors of length 8 as
3070: This R script defines an 'overlap' method that calculates the area of intersection between two boxes. The input is each
3071: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'example\_RoIFuncConstant' as returning always same value of RO
3072: This R script defines the 'singleNumber' method which takes an integer vector as input. It first identifies all distinct elements
3073: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - image tag and the string to be added
3074: This R script defines and uses the 'sub' custom subtraction operation between two vectors. The result is returned as an ordered
3075: This R script defines an algorithm to perform matrix multiplications using two matrices as input and returns the resultant product of these inputs
3076: This R script defines the `getTollsPath` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three
3077: This R programming script calculates the effective annual rate of an investment given its nominal or compounded yearly rates and number.
3078: This R script defines the 'rearrange's index of elements in an array based on their distance from another element.
3079: This R script defines the 'getVerbRoot' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes in one argument, "
3080: This R script defines the 'DisplayToClassMethod' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
3081: This R script defines an anonymous comparison method that checks whether two tuples of equal lengths are identical. It returns TRUE only
3082: This R script defines the 'map_quards' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
3083: This R script defines the `function' named 'features to HPO'. It takes as input an argument called "Features".
3084: This R script defines the 'wrap' functions that ensures any number falls within specified range. It subtracts or adds difference
3085: This is an R programming language implementation of the "initializeSkills" method in Java. It initializes and returns with
3086: This R script defines the 'get interface gateway address' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - "Context" and
3087: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called "is.DNA". It takes one argument, the
3088: This R script defines the 'display error' field. It takes in an input of multiple errors and returns them as one string
3089: This R script defines the `get search` functions that takes as input an array of machine learning algorithms and returns them concatenated
3090: This R script defines the `calcPad` or padding calculation. It takes five parameters including input size of data and output
3091: This R script defines the 'isTarGzArchive' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks whether
3092: This R script defines the `get value` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - 'Data'
3093: This R program defines the recursive 'count restricted partitions' algorithm. It takes three parameters n ,m and L where N
3094: This R script defines the 'Fail Rate' as an inline calculation. It takes two inputs - number of failures and passes;
3095: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates the ID of Azure Application Gateway's Front End IP Configuration using provided parameters
3096: This R script creates and returns an object named 'executeScript' which contains the number of items in each role. The roles
3097: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions to calculate the scalar product or "dot" between two
3098: This R script defines the 'function' named "VFID set". It takes two arguments - an active Shiny Session
3099: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called `isGCSPath`. It takes one argument -
3100: This R script defines the cubeolarility() as calculating and returning cuboid volume divided by its edge length cubic. It
3101: This is an implementation of the conversion from color space rgb to hsv in programming language 'r'. It takes three inputs
3102: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks whether the 'Stack Name' in message dictionary matches with provided
3103: This R script defines the 'compute_indegree' as an algorithm to calculate incoming edges of each node from directed graph
3104: This R script defines the 'build service uri' as an anonymous functions that takes three parameters - `name` of type character
3105: This R script defines the 'tc' custom functions that replaces all occurrences of vertical bar ("\") in input
3106: This R script defines and runs the 'SZRange' Function. The input parameters are charge ('chg') which is
3107: This R script defines the linear equation of slope 'y' in terms ‘x’ and an intercept value. The
3108: This R script defines and uses the 'calculate transfers' to count number of city transfer from starting point in given route
3109: This R script defines the 'cleanUp' custom method that removes all characters from an input string except those used in basic ar
3110: This R script defines an outer and inner recursive functions to "unpack" nested lists into one level of depth by returning
3111: This R script defines the 'subsalt' shakers. It checks whether there are consecutive identical digits in an integer
3112: This R script defines an alphabetical comparison of two method names. It returns -1 when the first argument is less than
3113: This R script defines the 'calc\_ bet \ _retur n' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions
3114: This R script defines the `function` named "Particle Type Number" which converts string names of different types into numer
3115: This R script defines the 'right text' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments. The first argument is x which represents
3116: This R programming script defines the recursive formula to calculate an integer sequence. The base cases are n=0, where it
3117: This R script defines an 'oddBox' customization that takes three parameters - funcName which is not used in the body
3118: This R script defines and uses the `sigamta` to calculate corresponding values of 'Gamma' using formula "G =
3119: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'onLine' method. It checks if point `y` lies
3120: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or inline definition of the `f` variable that checks whether its input is NULL
3121: This R script defines the `getShell` method which takes an orbital string as input and returns corresponding three element vector. The
3122: This R script defines the `safeguar`d()'function. It takes in one argument - base execution URL
3123: This R script defines the `getXTitle` as an inline lookup table to map input strings ("parallel requests" and/
3124: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'asIntOrFloat' named variable that takes in one argument called
3125: This R script defines the 'setVersion' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes one argument, "vers
3126: This R script defines the `guessType` to determine whether an input string can be converted into numerical form or remains unchanged
3127: This is an R programming language implementation of the GINI index calculation. It takes as input labels and returns their corresponding calculated
3128: This R script defines the 'calculation' of miles per gallon to kilometers Per Hundred Thousand based on
3129: This R script defines an evaluation period checker. It checks if the current epoch number plus one modulo of its own value
3130: This R script defines and uses the 'g' functions to compare two inputs of type logical or boolean with each other; it
3131: This R script defines and tests the 'date_isbefore' custom functions that checks if one given data is before another in
3132: This R script defines and applies the 'math map list' functionality. It scales values from an input range into another output scale
3133: This R script defines the 'combine_Lines' Function which takes as input an argument named `"`. It
3134: This R script defines the `extract source region` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
3135: This R script defines and executes the 'print' command to output "Hello" followed by an inputted string. The
3136: This R script defines the `dBoxID` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument called "
3137: This R script defines and uses the `getPlayerColours` to determine player colors based on two input parameters. It returns
3138: This R script defines the 'function' named "escpae.asni" which removes ANSI color codes from
3139: This R script defines the 'checkAnswer' custom method. It takes in three parameters; guesses made by user and
3140: This R script defines the loss calculation as sum of active losses eta act and ohmics etas. It also includes
3141: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces the numbers “from” one to twelve, with their corresponding number in
3142: This R script defines the 'combin' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It calculates combination of n items
3143: This R script defines two nested functions to format the date in 'MM/DD/YY' style. It takes three inputs
3144: This R script defines the 'format.Duration' as an inline method that takes in one argument - "time" which is
3145: This R script defines the 'map_csv's mapping and CSV file fields to each other. It checks whether all
3146: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether the given package name matches any of three specific names. If it does,
3147: This R script checks whether the input object is an instance of either StandAlone HTML Builder or Directory Html Builders and
3148: This R script defines the `get arg` command to split an input string into separate arguments. It uses strplit() from
3149: This R script defines and uses the 'nonQualCode' custom functions to split an input string at its first hyphen
3150: This R script defines and tests the functionality of an 'Is Prime' checker. It checks whether numbers from two to ten
3151: This R script defines the 'is.OnlyWhitescape' as an anonymous functions that checks whether input string `S
3152: This R script defines the 'Level to Power' conversion, which takes in an input of "LEVEL" and returns its
3153: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'cloudFrontAccessControlAllowMethods' method. It takes in one argument
3154: This R script defines and uses the `getCompliment` method which takes in one argument, nucleoitde.
3155: This R script defines the recursive 'whittle\_' dictionary reduction process. It takes in an input dict and list of
3156: This R script defines the 'get_gamma' as an inline calculation to calculate and output "Beta" value based on
3157: This R script defines the `function` named "LinRegFileName" that takes in an argument called result directory and returns its
3158: This R script defines the 'rgb_t hex' conversion. It takes an RGB value as input and converts it
3159: This R script defines the 'scale' operation on three elements of vector. It takes two inputs - an input ‘vector
3160: This R script defines the 'q' and 'p', calculates their values based on inputs of four variables ('d'),
3161: This R script calculates the size of an array or list by considering alignment rules. It adds padding to ensure that each element
3162: This R script defines the `positive response id` as an anonymous or inline defined 1 argument named 'function' that takes
3163: This R script defines and applies an encryption transformation to find out what 'value' will be after several loops. The resultant
3164: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`{fn}``. It takes an input string and checks whether
3165: This R script defines the 'fahreinheight' conversion to Celsius or Kelvin based on user input
3166: This R script defines the 'blend' functions that blends two colors by scaling one color. The result is clipped
3167: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions named 'avgCases' that calculates the mean of daily COVID
3168: This R script defines the `convertToBoolean` custom user defined method that converts input strings to boolean values. It checks
3169: This R script defines and uses the 'clamp' custom defined in order to restrict values within specified range. It then applies
3170: This R script defines the 'smallest number' as an anonymous or inline defined customizable user created functions. It takes three
3171: This R script defines three functions to calculate the value and derivatives of cubic polynomial. The first two are used as basic operations while
3172: This R script defines the `keyBindings` as two lists. Each of these is associated to an action and text value
3173: This is an R programming language implementation of the Chi Square goodness-of fit test. It calculates how well observed frequencies match
3174: This R script defines the 'NxxYyyToBbox' which takes four parameters representing coordinates of bounding box in
3175: This is an R programming language script that defines the absolute value of their differences between two numbers.  It's named '
3176: This R programming script defines an updating rule or learning algorithm known as the Q Learning. It takes in reward rate and discount factor
3177: This R script defines an even/odd checker. It takes in one argument, number and returns ' Even' or `
3178: This R programming script defines the 'lande' or Landé factor as an equation involving six variables. It calculates and
3179: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'no filter' algorithm. It takes in five parameters - two functions and one
3180: This R script defines the 'validate PEM' as an anonymous functions that checks whether or not input string is in proper Privacy
3181: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions that takes in two parameters - 'URL' and the HTTP request
3182: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates SSH commands to log into EC2 instances and fetch Docker container's last
3183: This R script defines an 'exclude' customised filter that removes all instances of specified values from input lists. It uses
3184: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called "extract" that takes as input argument `list`
3185: This R script defines the 'FormatClass' to Java syntax. It takes an input string and checks whether it starts with L
3186: This is an R programming language implementation of the sigmoid or logistic growth curve. It takes four parameters - 'initial
3187: This R script defines the `get_number` as an anonymous or lambda functions that takes in one argument, month.
3188: This R program defines the 'triangleNumber' as an anonymous or lambda expression that calculates and returns NTH triangular
3189: This R script defines the 'bump version' functionality which increases either major or minor versions by one and resets other parts
3190: This R script defines the 'to.MS' or "To MS" as an inline conversion of seconds into millisecond units
3191: This R script defines the 'convert_openGL coordinates to GA query' conversion. It takes in Open GL coordinate values and
3192: This R script defines the `getExt` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument file and returns
3193: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable greeting message. It takes in one argument, 'Name', and returns
3194: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'github_dis...  # Add your own description here to make it
3195: This R script defines the 'factorial' as an anonymous recursive or iterative method to calculate nth number of Fact
3196: This R script defines the 'vprint' as an anonymous wrapper around print() that only executes when verbosity is set
3197: This R script defines an interactive prompt asking the users whether they want to perform bar codes scanning or not, and returns TRUE when
3198: This R script defines the variable 'y' as an output of different functions depending on input value, which is called "fc
3199: This R script defines and uses the gradient of two lines. It calculates their slopes using user inputted coordinates to find
3200: This is an R programming language implementation of the concept where we calculate error in classifying. It takes as input probability 'P
3201: This R script defines the `label_books` as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes in one argument, '
3202: This R script defines the 'span overlap' between two intervals. It calculates and returns 0 if there is no overl
3203: This R script defines the `complements` of DNA nucleotides in terms to each other by creating an alphabet mapping
3204: This R script defines the `getRelevantInfo` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
3205: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks if the provided argument is capable of predicting. It does
3206: This R script defines the `convert strands` to numeric values. It takes in an input of either "plus",
3207: This R script creates an identifier string by concatenating 'string1','separator'(which is "unionized ehrs
3208: This R script defines the 'function' named `"`. It takes in an input called  and returns it as one
3209: This is an example of how to calculate yield using the formula Y = [a*(F/A)]*[(Pg
3210: This R script defines the 'sign' of numbers using an ifelse statement and applies it to three values in vector "X
3211: This R programming language script defines the 'get_epsilion' as an incremental value based on given parameters. It
3212: This R script defines the 'minimum specific heat' calculation. It takes two sets of inputs - hot and cold flow rates &
3213: This R script defines the `getWindDirectionText` as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one
3214: This R script defines and tests the 'grep' command to replace all instances of an ampersand with its HTML entity
3215: This R programming script defines the 'geom mean long sun' as an anonymous or inline customised version of another existing mathematical formula
3216: This is an R script that modifies the 'hint' object in SENTRY. It adds or updates key value
3217: This R script defines the `get automatic parallelisation options` as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - 'number of machines
3218: This R script defines the 'scale' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments - val which
3219: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'mean' calculation. It takes in as input any vector and returns its average
3220: This R script defines the 'get t ts type' as an anonymous 	function that takes in one argument, `config`
3221: This R script defines the 'getSource' method which checks whether an input parameter is NULL and assigns it to another variable
3222: This R script defines the 'count simulation problem bathes' as an integer value. It takes three inputs - number of ch
3223: This is an R programming language implementation of the learning rate scheduler called 'Exponential Decay' which adjusting Tensor
3224: This R script defines the 'parseInteger' to convert comma separated string into integer list using strplit() and then converts
3225: This R script defines the 'round up to power of two' functionality. It takes an input number, n and returns its
3226: This R script defines an recursive palidromic checker. It checks whether the input string "s" equals to
3227: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'overlap' checking 4 input parameters representing two intervals on the number line
3228: This R script defines the 'check and fix names starting with numbers' as an anonymous functions. It checks whether input string starts
3229: This R script converts an input dictionary into the format required by AWS boto 3 library's tags parameter. It
3230: This R script defines and uses functions to create event lists with two players. It then creates three different events using the defined fun
3231: This R script defines the `check valid` to verify whether an input string is alphanumeric or not. It returns
3232: This R script defines the 'recount' as an anonymous recursion count checking funtion, which returns - 1 when
3233: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces certain keywords with appended 'x' and changes periods to double undersco
3234: This R script defines the 'find direct conflicts' which takes two lists of operations as input. It checks each operation from one
3235: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes all white spaces from input strings and returns them without any chunking or concatenation
3236: This R script defines and uses the 'filter float' to convert numerics that are integers into integer type, while leaving other
3237: This R script defines the 'snake case' to proper casing converter. It splits input string by underscores
3238: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the Manhattan Distance between two points on grid. The input is 'number of
3239: This R script defines the 'check candidates against' to see if any of them are in an array or list called "Pro
3240: This R script defines the 'calc mean score' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one
3241: This R script defines the `escapeToSafeJson` method which takes an input string, and replaces all instances of back
3242: This R script defines the 'sanitized' URL by replacing all spaces in it with '%2'. It is used
3243: This is an R programming language script that defines the Selig Profile Function. It takes one argument, eps which isn'
3244: This R script defines the 'Cobb Douglas' production model. It takes as inputs constant and factor values along with their
3245: This R script defines the `swipeSwap` custom method that takes three parameters - source string and two characters to swap
3246: This R script defines the 'transposition' of an inputted ‘Matrix’. It does so by firstly applying
3247: This R script defines the BWTC scaling factor based on its given 'Order'. The factors are precalculated values used
3248: This is an R programming language script that defines the structure of data validation rules in JSON format. It takes as input configuration parameters
3249: This R script defines and uses the 'path_reference()`function to convert numerics into character vectors with brackets around
3250: This R script defines the configuration of logging in an application using arquimin't logger library with custom settings such as levels
3251: This R script defines the `search key` as either name and/or codes from an inputted dataframe or list named
3252: This R script defines the `pretty_print` method to display an object as "Node" in format like ("value",
3253: This R script defines an 'internal cross product' of two vectors. The result is another vector that has the same direction as
3254: This R script defines the 'surface margin boiler' as an approximation of how much area is left unaccounted in real
3255: This R script defines the 'normalise' or equivalent term, which is used as an argument in functions. It takes one
3256: This R script defines the 'cleanUpNumber' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument called
3257: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in URL as input and returns the origin part of it by splitting on slash
3258: This R script defines the euclidean distances between two points in 3D space. The input is each of these coordinates as
3259: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named "isEmptyDataFrame". It takes one argument,
3260: This R script defines the 'tuple' as an input, checks whether first element of tuples is greater than third
3261: This R script defines the `quotes` functions that takes an argument as string and returns it within double quotation marks if
3262: This R script defines an anonymous functions that calculates the number of odd numbers in input vector by comparing each element with modulo
3263: This R script defines and uses an 'if none' type of conditional that checks whether the input is null or not defined ('
3264: This R script defines the 'compare' integer comparison functio which takes two arguments - an entry and number to be compared
3265: This R script defines an integer summing algorithm that sums all integers from zero to n, but only includes those which are multi
3266: This R script defines the 'compute phase error' as an anonymous or lambda style functional. It takes two arguments; observed
3267: This R script defines the 'f' as an intersection of two sorted lists. It uses pointers to traverse through
3268: This R script defines an anonymous or inline "function" named 'Error Response'. It takes one argument, message. The purpose
3269: This R script defines the 'dextroser equivalent' as an equation based on molecular weights of glucone and
3270: This R script defines the 'localeToSourcePath' as an inline replacement of '.PO', with extension replaced by ‘
3271: This R script defines the 'getSignificanceCount' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one
3272: This R script defines the 'verify claims' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument, "Cla
3273: This Python program defines an anonymous or lambda functions that checks if three numbers form the Pytagoras theorem. The input
3274: This R script defines the 'function' named "distance to pixel" which takes two arguments - distance and space. It calcul
3275: This R script defines the 'peak filter' as an anonymous or lambda style  #function that takes in one argument,
3276: This R script defines the 'avoidHazzard' as an anonymous functions that checks if future head is in hazard list
3277: This R script defines the 'construct' method which creates and returns an object with properties including csrf token ("token"),
3278: This R script defines the 'schema name from label' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - `Label`.
3279: This R script defines and uses the 'size' prediction model based on an equation with two variables ('maximum', &amp
3280: This R script defines the Euclidian distance between two points in 3D space using vectors and returns these distances as
3281: This R script creates an HTML snippet that represents collapsed content with expandable sections.  It takes two arguments -
3282: This R script defines and runs the 'find message' custom made by removing all non alphabetical characters from an input string
3283: This R programming script defines the 'sex selection' as an anonymous or inline custom defined functions. It takes one argument, input
3284: This R script defines the 'get base classification' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument called
3285: This R script defines the 'dot to underscores' conversion as an inline customizable replacement of all dots in input strings
3286: This R script defines the 'average speed' as an anonymous or lambda style 4 argument functions that calculates and
3287: This R script defines an accuracy calculation method. It takes two vectors of labels and predictions as inputs; it then counts the number
3288: This R script defines the 'sequence equals' functionality. It takes two sequences and checks whether they are equal or not based on
3289: This R script defines the 'function' named "User Login". It takes an input argument called `"R object`",
3290: This R script defines the `get.info` string generator that takes as input an arbitrary list of lists and returns all elements
3291: This R script defines the 'strike' as an inline HTML tag that wrap any inputted string with “\u
3292: This R script defines the 'global perecent similarity' calculation. It takes as input an array of "Segements"
3293: This R script defines the `getProducts` method. It takes in an argument called ‘product’, and returns
3294: This R script defines the 'bold blue' color to be used in HTML. It takes an input of "Text" and
3295: This R script defines and executes the 'divide' division operation with rounding to nearest integer result using two input parameters
3296: This R script defines the 'function' named "Season to Year". It takes an input parameter called `"seasons
3297: This R script defines the 'dataset names' as an anonymous or inline functions that returns different sets of strings based on whether input
3298: This R script defines the 'function' named `"` to replace all "/"'s with dots and backslashes ("
3299: This R script defines and uses the 'behzad' custom square summation operation. It takes two inputs ('a',
3300: This R script defines and tests the `splitNumberAndUnit` custom method to separate numeric values from their units in strings
3301: This R script defines the 'job tasks' as per configuration. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an
3302: This R script defines the 'stackPixels' custom method. It takes two parameters - top and bottom pixels of an
3303: This is an example of setting up the environment with input parameter 'Query'.  The purpose could be to set some initial conditions
3304: This R script defines the 'clip' or limit functionality. It ensures that all numbers in vector "X" are within specified
3305: This R script defines the 'get_learning rate' as an anonymous or unnamed functional object that takes three parameters - epoch
3306: This line of R programming converts temperature from degrees Celcius to Fahrenheit using the formula �
3307: This R script defines the 'function' called "degree minute second to decimal" which converts geographic coordinates from degree/
3308: This R script defines the 'force slash' as an inline operation that replaces all backslashes ("\") with
3309: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string starts with "https" or “ http”. It
3310: This R script defines the `get_company` URL generator based on input company codes from FNGuides website using regular
3311: This R script defines the 'pysolfmtr' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument called `"`
3312: This R script defines the 'pluralizer' which takes in two arguments - number and singular form of any noun. It
3313: This R script defines the 'dirac' as an anonymous or inline custom defined mathematical/statistical operation. It takes
3314: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'get closest angle' which rounds off to nearest multiple ten.
3315: This R script defines the 'formatMediaType' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument
3316: This R script defines the 'thermal conductivity of carbon steel' as per its given formulae at different temperatures, with
3317: This R script defines and tests three nested functions. The outermost, 'test closure', takes an argument `'x`
3318: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate curvature in Bezier curves. It takes two parameters 'x'
3319: This R script defines the 'pos_Neg' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes three parameters - two numbers and one
3320: This is an example of recursive implementation in R language to calculate the Factorial. It takes one argument ' n' and
3321: This R script defines the 'subtraction' operation as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming construct. It takes two
3322: This R script defines the 'is series like' as an anonymous functions that checks if input s meets certain conditions to be considered
3323: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "LargesProduct". It takes as input an argument called `
3324: This R script defines the 'common member' functionality. It checks whether two vectors have at least one element in their respective sets
3325: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'calculation' concept in which it calculates contacts variable based on given parameters
3326: This R script defines the 'to_floaht's()`function that converts time in hhmmss
3327: This R script defines the `differPaths` method which checks whether two file paths are different. It removes trailing
3328: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{code}``"" to take in an input list and returns
3329: This R script defines an inversion of the 'join' operation. It takes as input one argument, `x` which
3330: This R programming language script defines the 'calc_percebtage' as an inline calculation that takes two arguments -
3331: This R script defines the 'decode' net. It takes an input string called `"network name and version separated by ~
3332: This R script defines the 'hex8' to unsigned integer conversion, converting from an eight character long string of HEX values
3333: This R script defines the 'subtraction' operation as an anonymous or lambda style functional programming construct named "function".
3334: This R script defines the 'transform bbox' as an inline transformation of bounding box coordinates. It takes in original width
3335: This R script defines the 'StatusCheck()`function. It takes two arguments - `"item"' and another one which
3336: This R script defines an anonymous functional named 'continuousActuationForce' that takes one argument, the vector of actions and
3337: This R script defines the 'Check List Subset' which checks whether all elements of one given small subset are present within another
3338: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that takes four arguments. It checks whether the current time step '`
3339: This is an R programming language implementation of the Lorenzo model. It defines and returns values based on input parameters such as
3340: This R script defines the 'getMaxWidth' to find out maximum width of strings from an input list. It uses loop
3341: This R script calculates the distance between two points and one of them is on an arbitrary straight horizontal or vertical axis in coordinate
3342: This R script defines the `get_attaID()'function that takes two arguments - 'aData', which is
3343: This R script defines the 'dot product' of two vectors as an operation that takes in two equal length numerical vector
3344: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, 'Name', and checks if it is character type AND ends
3345: This R script defines the 'verify boot' or verification of program execution with an infinite loop detection feature using recursive programming
3346: This R script defines the 'KUBECTL' command as an inline string generator. It takes in one argument, `
3347: This R script defines the `getDate`function that takes in an input of type character and returns it as date time format
3348: This R script defines an EC2 resource checker that determines if the given AWS instance is part of VPC. It does
3349: This R script creates an identifier by concatenating the input name and '?' followed ​​by' =', then appends
3350: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'above range' test. It takes four arguments - the value to be tested ('
3351: This R script defines the 'toBaseN' method which converts any given decimal integer into its equivalent representation in another num
3352: This R script defines and uses the `function` named 'generu sp p' to generate an XML string representing taxonom
3353: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the input string 'Key' is in predefined list of strings.
3354: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'asisnt' that takes in one argument, text which is expected
3355: This R script defines the 'obeter tamaño' as an anonymous ﬁle, which takes in one
3356: This R script defines the 'divisor' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes one argument, `
3357: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable 'replace' operation. It takes in four parameters - the data "rec
3358: This R script defines the 'get home shift log url' as an anonymous functions that takes two arguments - "Season and
3359: This R script defines the `get_data` from datetime to just extracts dates, handling errors by returning default value or
3360: This R script defines the 'is.ds' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if input string starts with "
3361: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks if the '_acces' element in data exists and has
3362: This R script defines the `remove non printables`, which removes invisible characters from input string. It uses regular expressions to
3363: This R script defines the difference between squares of sums and square's individual elements. It uses mathematical formulas to calculate these values
3364: This R script defines an anonymous functions that returns the RGB bands of different satellite imagery collections. The returned values are character vectors
3365: This R script defines the 'round down' operation. It takes two arguments; an input number and ‘factor’ by
3366: This R script defines the 'weekday' custom method that takes in an input of either character or Date type and returns what
3367: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that returns the appropriate string based on input. It checks whether or not
3368: This R script defines the `get_scopes` as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes in one argument
3369: This R script defines the 'calculateShippingCost' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that calculates
3370: This R script defines the 'detect language' as an anonymous functional that takes in one argument, "kernal string
3371: This R script defines the 'get region' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument called
3372: This R script defines the 'function' named "cc". It takes two arguments - `"color", and` “
3373: This R script defines an iterative process that squares the input value until it exceeds 9. The result is returned by '
3374: This R script defines the 'halo' color palette. It takes an input of LED light strip RGB values and adds
3375: This R programming script defines the recursive 'get digits' method. It takes an integer as input and returns how many
3376: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'flatten' operation on reviews. It takes in one argument - `
3377: This R script defines the 'function' named ```````. It checks whether an input object, assumed to be some
3378: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes three arguments - 'message', ‘change’ and
3379: This R script defines the 'saveStrAsFile' as an inline text writer. It takes in two arguments - str is
3380: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to generate Wikipedia URLs from given document names by concaten
3381: This R script defines the 'anagram' checking functionality by splitting input strings into individual characters and then comparing them to determine whether
3382: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation formula in R. It takes three inputs and returns their weighted average based on '
3383: This R script defines the 'parseIP' to convert an IP address from string format into integer form by splitting it at each
3384: This R script defines the 'remove spaces' custom functions. It removes multiple consecutive space characters from an input text, and tr
3385: This is an empty R script that defines the 'quantization' of data.  It currently does not contain any functionality,
3386: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'function' called ```"``` that splits the input string at each
3387: This R script defines the `remove quotes`function to replace all double and single quotation marks within an inputted text with
3388: This R script creates symbolic links using the ln command in Unix systems with different paths and names as arguments to create various
3389: This R script defines the 'function' named "`commom sub string". It takes two inputs - `words'. The
3390: This is an implementation of the cubic interpolation formula in R programming language, which calculates and returns value at point 'X
3391: This R script defines the 'getRequestMethod' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in environment variables and returns
3392: This R script defines the 'sphere' as an objective/fitness evaluation method. It takes in one argument, phen
3393: This R script defines an anonymous functions that writes binary data to the specified path. It takes two arguments - 'file' and
3394: This R script defines the `getPathParameters` method which takes as input an array of parameter objects. It iterates over
3395: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'collisions' ﬁnction. It takes in two arguments
3396: This R script defines an arithmetic operations based on the instruction sign. It takes three arguments; two numbers and one character string
3397: This R script defines the 'x' timestamp from Epoch in nanoseconds. It takes an input of "nan
3398: This R script defines the 'getNewCoordinate' as an inline operation that takes in two parameters. The first parameter is
3399: This R script defines the 'divisor' calculation. It takes an input number and returns all its positive integer factors in asc
3400: This R script defines the `cli` argument merger with defaults functionality by creating an 'arguments' list that combines command line
3401: This R script defines the `build_categorized` filters based on different categories and teams sizes. It returns an
3402: This R script defines the 'validate item name' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments;
3403: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named "IntToHex". It takes in one
3404: This R script defines the 'moment of intertion' as an operation on lists. It calculates it by summing up
3405: This R script defines the 'function' named `ij2m` which converts two character strings ("i", and then
3406: This R script defines the 'ret earnings' calculation as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes three arguments; bre
3407: This R script defines the `default_def` custom method that takes two arguments - an 'orig' and def'. It
3408: This R script defines the 'distanceSq' as an anonymous or lambda style  of functions that calculates square E
3409: This R script defines and tests the 'past years' calculation from Unix timestamp. It checks whether it falls within specific range
3410: This R script defines the 'stripLineEnding' as an anonymous functions that takes in data and returns only those elements which
3411: This R script defines the 'get primes' which is used to generate prime numbers. It takes an input argument of "
3412: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customizable method to check whether the given geographical coordinates are within specified boundaries. It
3413: This R script defines the recursive 'function' named `"`<span style="">Task 8 in Python
3414: This R script defines the 'ceil_dive' as an integer division that rounds up to nearest higher number. It takes
3415: This line of codes calculates the half life time in hours using given parameters such as basic reproduction number and velocity scale factor
3416: This R script defines the 'parse data' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, "
3417: This R script defines the 'shuffling' operation on an array of matrices along its first axis. It does so by
3418: This R script defines the 'build list' to convert nested lists into one dimensional vectors by unnesting and vectorizing each
3419: This R script defines the `get_elements` method which retrieves coordinates of elements in an electrical system. It takes as
3420: This R script defines the 'decimalToFloat' custom user defined functions that converts any given input into numerics and
3421: This R script defines the 'euler_to'quat''eration()`function which converts Eulers
3422: This R script defines the complex grounding model using frequency as input. It calculates S parameter values based on given parameters and
3423: This R script defines the `common prefix length` between two texts. It iterates over each character of both strings up to
3424: This R script defines and tests the 'HostPort' Function which takes in three parameters - Scheme , Hostname or IP
3425: This R script defines three functions. The first one ```check``` checks whether the input string contains any characters outside of B
3426: This R script defines an overlap checker between two regions. It checks if the chromosomes of both are equal and whether
3427: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to wrap each string in the vector "Names", with double
3428: This R script defines the 'ftYear' as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It takes in one argument called s
3429: This R script defines an initialization method normalizing procedure. It takes in the input parameter "init" and transform it into lower
3430: This R script defines the `NameReverse` custom method to reverse given and family names in an input string. It
3431: This is an empty R script that defines the 'applyKey' as per its name. It takes two arguments - crypto
3432: This R script defines the 'strip' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that removes leading and trailing white spaces from
3433: This R script defines the 'flatten list' functionality. It takes an arbitrarily nested lists and returns it as one
3434: This R script defines the 'replace items' as an anonymous or self contained piece of functionality. It takes three arguments - list
3435: This R script defines the 'unwrappedistribute'function. It takes as input an argument named "statestict
3436: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the square root of any number using Newton's method. It uses iteration and continually
3437: This R script defines the 'get both filenamess()`function that takes in an input file name and checks whether
3438: This R script calculates the Intersection over Union of two bounding boxes. It first determines their intersection by finding maximum and
3439: This is an exponential growth model with two parameters. It takes three inputs - x and the coefficients of exponentiation 'expo
3440: This R script defines the 'sum of square difference' between two vectors. It subtracts each corresponding element from one vector
3441: This R script defines the 'formatParty' which is used to clean up party names in an election dataset by removing unnecessary
3442: This R script defines the 'detect depth' as an integer variable initialized to zero. It then iterates over each element
3443: This R script defines the 'count occupied' as counting all occurrences of "#" in an input matrix. The s
3444: This R script defines the 'get intervals' as an anonymous functions that calculates and returns product of lengths from input list.
3445: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'error message' as per Python style, by creating and returning string with
3446: This R script defines the `Split` Function. It takes an input string called semicolongiven and splits it into
3447: This R script defines the `titleCaseLoop` to convert input string into Title Case. It iterates over each character of
3448: This R script defines the 'calc TF' as an anonymous or lambda style functional object that calculates Total F
3449: This R script defines the Fibonaci sequence generator, which takes an integer input 'N', and returns its corresponding value
3450: This R script defines the 'to on off' conversion. It takes an input state and returns either “On” or
3451: This R script defines an ```R```function named "`" and it returns the names of bands in different satellite collections
3452: This is an implementation of the formula derived from spherical coordinates to calculate values in four dimensions. It takes two parameters 'ρ'
3453: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'willBeVerticalLine' method. It checks if there are only two
3454: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") 1 argument ('function') named 'escape late x'. It takes in
3455: This R script defines the `isPalidnrom` version 1. It removes all spaces and non alphanumer
3456: This R script defines the `reverseWord`s() as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - "a sentence
3457: This R script defines the 'lowercase' as an inline or anonymous functions that converts any string input to its equivalent
3458: This R script defines two nested functions, `class` and 'NULL', to check if the input argument k of an outer
3459: This R script defines the `roundMean` custom method which calculates and rounds off an average bias value based on sentence
3460: This R script defines an upcating checker that compares two types and checks whether the second one can be cast to
3461: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom calculation of the ExKurtotzky's full sky integral, which
3462: This R script defines the 'validate bool' as an anonymous or inline custom validation method. It takes in one argument - `
3463: This R program calculates the number of full working year needed to reach an annual population target. It uses iteration and condition checking
3464: This R script defines the `function` named 'Colorizer'. It takes two arguments - an input of type character called
3465: This is an implementation of the Merge Sort algorithm in Python. It takes two sorted lists as input and returns one list that
3466: This R script defines the 'get key()`function. It takes two arguments - ` my dict and value'. The dictionary
3467: This R script defines the Luhn algorithm to check credit cards numbers validity based on their first checksum computation which is then checked
3468: This R script defines the 'fillInMissingOutputPath' which fills missing path template of an `tool outputs'. It checks
3469: This R script defines an anonymous/inline functions that checks whether the input value, which should be either "Yes" or
3470: This R script defines the 'cap' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes three arguments - value to be
3471: This R script defines the 'toExternalUrl' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that replaces part of URL string
3472: This R script defines the 'get log filename' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument, `x
3473: This R script defines the 'handle recon rule params' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument, "
3474: This is an implementation of the ACKERMANN FUNCTION in Python without using memotization. It uses recurs
3475: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks whether the input string 'Name' has at least 4 components
3476: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'test' that checks if sum is dividible by given number.
3477: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'question' package. It creates and returns shallow copy/clone or duplicate object
3478: This R script defines the 'mongodbsafe' custom functions that replaces all instances of $ with \$  and .
3479: This R script defines two functions, `fib_recusive` and  `fob_resursice _mom
3480: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes everything after the first question mark in URL strings, effectively removing any query parameters from
3481: This R script defines and uses the `bubu` or "bold underlined" print functionality. It takes an input
3482: This R script defines an OpenCV ellipses to robot yaws conversion. It takes in the 'Angle' as
3483: This R script defines and uses an anonymous functions that checks whether the input is NULL or empty string before returning it; otherwise returns
3484: This R script defines the 'search' operation on an object called "code tree". It checks whether each word in input string
3485: This R script defines the 'total' variable as an output of four inputs ('IQ', "Cognitive Complex
3486: This R script defines the 'lower' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, text which is expected to
3487: This R script defines the 'parrotTroubles' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two arguments - whether it
3488: This R script defines the 'centroid' of an image by calculating its center using moment values. The centriod is
3489: This R script defines the `shorten` custom method that takes in an input string of text and returns it with each word
3490: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'strip' functions that removes leading and trailing white spaces from input
3491: This R script defines the `fix_network` method, which takes an input network object and fixes issues related to it by
3492: This R script defines the 'cross product' of two vectors as an anonymous functions. The inputs are ‘vectors’
3493: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether three parameters are provided correctly - 'node health' requires these to run properly
3494: This R script checks if the input string matches any of several possible names that indicate it's dealing with packed arrays. It
3495: This R script defines the 'null to zero' transformation on an input number `m` using recursive subtraction and bit
3496: This R script defines the 'function' named "Browser Labels". It takes in an input of labels and applies two functions
3497: This R script defines an Energy EMC calculation based on the formula of Kinetic ​​energy which is given by mgh
3498: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object that checks whether the input string 'ID' follows specific pattern. It
3499: This R script creates and returns an regular expression pattern string that matches one of the provided alternatives. The returned regex is named with
3500: This R script defines the `function` named "**" to convert seconds into minutes. It takes an argument called ** and
3501: This R script defines and uses the `lowercase` custom made to convert all upper case letters in strings into their corresponding
3502: This R script defines the 'skip_words' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
3503: This R programming script defines the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses iteration and modulo
3504: This R script defines the 'lengthsq' as an anonymous or lambda style  vectorized operation that calculates and returns
3505: This R script defines the `minimumTLSVersion`, which takes as input an array of supported protocols and returns TSL
3506: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'merge two dictionaries'-like functionality. It takes in 1st dictionary
3507: This R script defines the 'get sentiment' as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes in one argument, score and
3508: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" ```{r}  dims<-(c("x
3509: This R script defines and calls the 'function' named "Get Brocker Leader Count" which takes in an argument called
3510: This R script defines the 'replace offset' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument,
3511: This R script defines and checks whether or not any object in global scope contains routes as its attributes/methods using getAttr()
3512: This R script defines the 'time since last report' cell, which is used to calculate how long ago an observation was reported
3513: This R script defines the 'is.Affected' custom method to check if there are "[ ]" characters in an
3514: This R script defines the recursive 'flatten' method to convert deeply nested lists into one level. It does so by
3515: This line of R programming calculates the estimated maximum weight lifted using Br�tzmann's formula. The inputs are One
3516: This R script defines the WER calculation. It calculates word error rate by comparing two strings and returns percentage of errors made
3517: This R script defines the 'bond energy' as half of force constant times square difference between current distance and equilibrium length
3518: This R script defines the `parseClaim` method which splits an input string into three parts based on specific delimit
3519: This R script defines the 'make_paraname' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in parameter parts
3520: This R script defines the `is_halfplus` or 'HalfPlus' as an indicator of whether half more characters
3521: This R script defines the `reverseDirection`, which takes in an argument 'directions' and returns its opposite
3522: This R script defines the 'convert_km' as an inline conversion of kilometers to meters. It multiplies input
3523: This R programming script defines the 'sum of geometric progressions' as an anonymous or lambda style functions. It takes three
3524: This is an R programming language recursive implementation of the Factorial Function. It takes in one parameter ' n' and returns
3525: This Python/Ruby script defines an important condition checker. It takes two parameters - temperature and number of emmitted
3526: This R script defines the `getPathsThresholds` to calculate and return an appropriate path length cutoff based on
3527: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula used to calculate spectral index. It takes four parameters - two are degrees freedom
3528: This R script defines the `isMachO` method to check whether or not an input filename corresponds with that of Mach
3529: This R script defines the `get.filename` or retrieves filename from an object of class File Upload in Shiny
3530: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of functions to calculate the coordinates after shifting. The shift is done by
3531: This R script defines the 'best scale factor' as an algorithm that calculates how much larger or smaller you need to make
3532: This R script defines the 'rotate left' operation on an input vector. It takes in one argument, `value`
3533: This R script defines the 'checkCategorie's()`function. It checks whether any of specified string elements
3534: This R script defines the 'check last chunk' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks whether or not sublists
3535: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'divisibility' checker. It checks whether the input number is evenly
3536: This R script generates an ID by adding 1 to the number of elements in input list. The purpose is typically assigning
3537: This R script defines the `transcribe`function that takes an input DNA sequence and returns its corresponding mRNA trans
3538: This is an R programming language implementation of the division operation. It checks whether denominator 'B' equals to zero before performing
3539: This R script defines the specificty score of binary classification. It calculates true negatives and false positives from given label
3540: This R script defines the `function` named "mag_to counts" which converts magnitude to count based on specific scaling
3541: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style functional object named 'ek_wt'. It takes one argument called "c
3542: This R script defines the 'timestamp' as seconds by dividing it with 1,048,673
3543: This R script defines the 'calculate nma checksums' which is used to validate NMEA sentences by comparing calculated
3544: This R script defines the 'rectangle to polygon' conversion as an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named "function".
3545: This R script defines the 'decaying average' calculation. It takes in three parameters; `oldValue` and its
3546: This R script defines the 'format_pra...  # Fill in with your own wording. The ... is
3547: This R script defines the 'imgPivot' as an image coordinate conversion tool. It takes in six parameters including pixels and
3548: This R script defines the 'function' named "prime" which checks whether an input number ('n') falls within prime criteria
3549: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to multiply two numbers. The result will be printed
3550: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'standardPlobtables' filter. It checks whether column description dictionary has
3551: This R script defines two functions to handle version comparison tasks - 'parseVersion' and `compare` which are used respectively on
3552: This R script defines the `sumStats` custom functions that takes as input an argument named 'statistics data'. It then
3553: This R script defines the recursive `function` named "Get Recurs Attribute" which retrieves nested attributes from an
3554: This R script defines the 'generate dashbaord link' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument - "UUID".
3555: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'set build status' functionality. It takes three parameters - `State
3556: This R script defines the `get coordinates` as an anonymous or lambda style functions that takes three arguments - x and
3557: This R script defines the 'getOrthoVector' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes two vectors and
3558: This R script defines the 'isChild' method which checks whether given link exists as an element of provided list. It returns
3559: This R script defines the 'sort vms by total diskspace' as an ordered list of virtual machines based on their combined
3560: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'small vote power' logic, which determines how many votes you can get based
3561: This R script defines the 'parseStart' as an inline validation of input. It checks whether given `byt`e
3562: This R script defines the F score as an evaluation metric. It calculates precision and recall based on two input vectors of predicted
3563: This R script defines the 'get key' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument, i which
3564: This R script defines an anonymous functions that calculates the Short Frequency Response from Long Finite Impulse response using mathematical formula
3565: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'vadd' or vector addition operation. It takes two arguments - pos and
3566: This R script generates an incremental sequence name based on the input 'Table Name'. It uses SHA hashing to ensure
3567: This R script defines the 'normalized newline' as '\ n'. It does so by replacing all instances of Windows style
3568: This R script defines the 'roundTo' customization to perform rounded off operations. It takes two arguments - num and nearest
3569: This R script defines the 'natNumbers' custom functions that calculates and returns sums of all natural numbers below given input
3570: This R script defines an FFMPEG command as string using the 'sprinf' method to generate video from series
3571: This R script defines and tests the 'Find Border' functionality. It takes two inputs; one is an integer number to
3572: This R script defines the `Find` Function. It takes three arguments - "Value to Find", an Attribute and Search
3573: This R script defines the 'checkParamValidation' which checks whether given parameter is present within list of allowed values. If not
3574: This R script defines the 'get un expanded list'. It checks whether an element named "unexpantded templates" exists
3575: This R script defines and uses the 'compare' functions to check if two character vectors are identical when ignoring white spaces.
3576: This R script defines the 'Rs' as an anonymous or inline statistical calculation. It takes four parameters; ca and
3577: This R script defines the `roundUp` method which rounds up to nearest higher number that is divisible by given 'mult
3578: This R script defines an anonymous functions that expands hexadecimal color codes. It takes in one argument, 'color
3579: This R script defines the 'predictionOutputStrict' which corrects an input vector of binary predictions. It checks each
3580: This R script defines the color grading system based on input grade, returning corresponding hexadecimal RGB codes to represent different
3581: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'mode' variable as either "write" ("w"), which is the default,
3582: This R script defines the 'calculate m' as an anonymous or lambda style functional object that takes one argument, `
3583: This R script defines the 'floatable' custom method that checks whether an input is numerically convertible to floating point number
3584: This R script defines the 'remove duplicate chracters' functionality by splitting an input string into individual characters and then joining them
3585: This R script defines the 'fix_screensize' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments
3586: This R script defines and uses the Chebycheff distance metric to compare four vectors of length five. The maximum absolute difference
3587: This R script defines the 'getAssistedTurnOverRatio' as an inline calculation to determine assist/to ratio.
3588: This R script defines the 'scale' as an anonymous or unnamed functions that takes five arguments. It scales input data x
3589: This R script exports data from the 'allDruggists' package. It writes drug names and their corresponding number of
3590: This R script defines an encoding scheme where each string is preceded by its length encoded as hexadecimal. The resulting
3591: This R script defines the `get_backe...  # noqa E741 ```python
3592: This R script defines the `convert_to`function that converts an integer 0 or string "false" into FALSE
3593: This R script defines and tests an 'upper' bound ('ub'), which clips values that exceed it. The same applies
3594: This R script defines and uses the `consec` custom logic that returns "Yes" when condition is TRUE or otherwise it
3595: This R script defines the 'union' operation on two IWP labels. It takes in 4 components of an object
3596: This R script defines the `strip quotes`. It checks whether first and last characters of an input string are either single or
3597: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument 'x', which is expected to be the output of another program
3598: This is an example of how to create and return the configuration settings required by DropBox API. It includes both valid tokens as
3599: This R script defines the `folderPathInList` as an anonymous/unnamed functions that checks if given 'Target Path
3600: This R script defines the ```function``` named "Is Isograms" that checks if an inputted text or word
3601: This R script defines an algorithm to check whether or not the given number 'n' can be represented as sum of triang
3602: This R script defines the 'function' named "`" `<-" to convert segmented units into characters. It takes
3603: This R script defines the 'towns with station' as an empty list. It then iterates over each row in stations
3604: This R programming language script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions named 'int_fun' that takes in one argument called `
3605: This R script defines and uses the 'linear interpolator' to estimate values between two known points in an ordered sequence of data
3606: This R script defines the 'formatEmotionList' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes one argument - emotion
3607: This is an R programming language script that defines and returns the number of instances each object in your dataset has.  The objects
3608: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'center' coordinate calculation. It takes two inputs ``````` and returns
3609: This R script defines the 'deduplication' operation on an iterative object. It uses built in functions to remove duplic
3610: This R script defines the 'makegray' customization. It takes an RGB color vector and applies grayscale transformation by
3611: This R script defines the `function` named "checkYes" which takes two arguments - input as character and defualt
3612: This R script defines an objective convergence checker. It takes five parameters - the sum of all quality measures 'f', initial
3613: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom 'resolveExpectedStatus' that takes in the status as input and returns
3614: This R script defines an inline conversion of time in the format HHMMSS into total number of SECONDS. It
3615: This R script defines and runs the Collatz Conjecture algorithm on numbers from one to ten thousand. The conjecture is
3616: This R script defines the 'cleanMacOsDir' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument,
3617: This R script defines the 'check value above filter' as an anonymous or inline functions that takes two arguments - "Value"
3618: This R script defines the recursive `key_hass`function that checks whether any keys of input list or dictionary start
3619: This R script defines the `function` named 'districtr' which takes an input of lines from data and creates lists
3620: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions named 'theDecima' that takes one argument, "number". It calcul
3621: This R script defines an empty 'paths' custom functions that takes in files as input. ", sep="")
3622: This is an empty R script that reads data from file.  It takes one argument, 'file_name' which specifies
3623: This R script defines the 'reflect' as an anonymous vectorized operation that reflects any given point about another. It subtract
3624: This R script defines and tests the 'grad_factor' custom gradient calculation based on input value `x`, which returns
3625: This R script defines the 'getRegionData' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument -
3626: This R script defines the `print.exams` which prints out an exam scheduling list with each block and its corresponding ex
3627: This R script defines the 'stats box' as an array of five elements. The first two are minimum and maximum values in
3628: This R script defines the 'getNamePrexix' funtion that removes any trailing numbers with three digits from an
3629: This R script defines the recursive process of converting decimal numbers to binary. It uses an iterative approach by repeatedly dividing
3630: This R script defines the 'check_anchor's overlap'. It takes four arguments - two pairs of coordinates. The functions
3631: This R script defines the `set_contoef` properties as an inline style in HTML. It takes parameters like '
3632: This R script defines the 'strip_newlines' custom utility to remove leading and trailing newline characters from an input
3633: This R script defines the 'dist' custom distance calculation between two vectors of length 4 using absolute differences in each element and
3634: This R script defines the 'get_linked' method which retrieves linked objects from an API response based on their relation type
3635: This R script defines the 'greaterThan' or `gt` as an anonymous/unnamed functional object. It
3636: This R script defines the 'scale_bb' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes three arguments -
3637: This R script defines the 'find grid index on dimension' as an integer value that is calculated by subtracting minimum from position
3638: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'sum' functions that takes two arguments and checks if they are
3639: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named "Permutations to Cosines". The purpose of it is convert
3640: This R script defines the 'count failures' as counting how many times there are single elements with value of "2." within
3641: This R script defines the 'divide exactly' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two inputs -
3642: This R script defines the 'getBaseUrl' as an inline helper to fetch base URL of Email Age Validator API based
3643: This R program defines an anonymous recursive logarithm calculation in the form of 'function'. It calculates and returns how many
3644: This R script defines the 'date parser' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes input of multiple character strings representing different
3645: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'isLinked' custom validation rule. It checks whether the input carrier name ('
3646: This R script defines the 'getThemeLabels' custom functions that takes as input an array of objects with attributes named label
3647: This R script defines the 'respond' as an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes one argument, `"inputText`
3648: This R script defines the 'isFormatMedGen' custom validation method to check whether an input value conforms with MedG
3649: This R script defines the 'function' named "correction of mosaics placement". It takes four parameters; it checks
3650: This R script defines the `getLAM` or Laminar Angle of Incidence Function. It takes as input
3651: This R script defines an inline caching mechanism that allows you to cache the results of expensive computations. It does so by
3652: This R script defines the 'decimal_round' as an inline customizable version of built in "ROUND" command
3653: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in the name of any NBA game events and returns its corresponding abbreviation.
3654: This R script defines the 'PHEDEX URL' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, API endpoint and
3655: This R script defines the `strip whitespaces` from all elements of an object, excluding any element named "Password".
3656: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed 'checkCollection' that takes three arguments - the input vector named "collections
3657: This R script defines the `compressedFEN` to replace consecutive identical pieces with their count and type. It then applies
3658: This R script defines and uses the `grep`, which is used in regular expressions. It replaces non alphan
3659: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that validates if the input string is in line with Azure Storage Account n
3660: This R script defines an iterative process to calculate the number of iterations needed when dividing one large dataset into smaller batches
3661: This R script defines the 'ts\_' grisMC simulation which calculates and returns an array of wave lengths based on
3662: This R script defines the ```function``` 'Mask Is Complementaray' which checks if two binary masks are
3663: This R script defines the 'get estimated max weight' as an inline calculation that takes in two parameters - current body mass and
3664: This R script defines the 'is.released()`, which checks if column named "Date" exists in dataframe
3665: This R script defines and uses an anonymous or lambda style of functions to calculate the percentage rain based on input value, then
3666: This R script defines the 'formatSettingName' custom method. It takes in an input string, removes all spaces and hyp
3667: This R script defines the 'CGY' as an equation that calculates and returns value of "v" based on given
3668: This R script defines the distance squared between two vectors in three dimensions. The input is each vector as an array with x
3669: This R script defines the 'process.keyword' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "Keyword", and
3670: This R script defines the 'calculate_degree's between two angles based on their normalized values and an initial degree value
3671: This R script defines an anonymous or inline 'complement' 	function that takes one argument, "x", and returns the
3672: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'function' named `operations`. It takes in five arguments - two
3673: This is an R programming language implementation of the potential energy calculation in one degree freedom system using harmonic oscillator model where x represents position
3674: This R script defines the 'getItemFromListByKeyValue' custom method to find an item from list by its specific
3675: This R script defines the `getPath` custom method which takes two arguments - an object and string. The purpose of it
3676: This R script defines the 'pointsToGrade' which takes two arguments - maximum possible score and current achieved point as input
3677: This R script defines the 'findRDSInstance' as an inline search tool to locate specific database instances from provided list.
3678: This R script defines the 'disjoint_bound's()`function. It takes two sets of bounding box coordinates
3679: This R script defines the euclidean_distance() as calculating Euclidian Distance between two points in 3D
3680: This R script defines the 'getScenKey' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
3681: This R script defines the `getPageMarks` which calculates and returns two marks that are used to slice data in
3682: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'istmp'. It takes one argument called name. If the input
3683: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the "validate" or check if certain keys ('username', and,
3684: This R script defines the 'high and low' of an input string containing numbers separated by spaces in ascending order with highest
3685: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in github GIST URL as input and returns the last part of it which
3686: This R script defines the 'clean punctuations' as an inline operation that removes all types of common English and other languages
3687: This R script defines the `normalise` or "norm" as an anonymous/unnamed 1 line func. It
3688: This R script defines the `getTerrafromPath` which takes in two parameters - "Project" and “Cloud
3689: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in pixel number and returns the same value with 'px' appended at end
3690: This R script defines the 'avp' as average vapor pressure from dry bulb temperature ('dbt'), wetbulb
3691: This R script defines 8 functions that compare two variables of different types and returns either "TRUE" or FALSE based on whether
3692: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the "ehColuna" which checks if input column is within range from
3693: This R script defines the 'as binary' digit extraction method. It takes an input of any positive decimal, and returns its
3694: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'truncated field' which checks whether content length is more than
3695: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in one argument 'font' and returns its family/style. It does so
3696: This R script defines the 'warn' or alerting functionality. It takes an argument called `cause` which is used to
3697: This R script defines and uses the `treatment` of accession numbers. If an NA value is encountered it returns
3698: This R script defines an AWS managed IAM policies checker. It checks whether the provided ARN belongs to any of Amazon
3699: This R script defines an example key generator. It takes three parameters - 'Endpoint', ‘Method’ and SuccessCode'.
3700: This R program defines an integer reversal algorithm. It takes in one input parameter 'X', checks whether it is negative and
3701: This R script defines the backward pass of TanH activation. It takes in 'cache' containing previous layer outputs and derivative values
3702: This R script defines the 'parse alignment' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - `Al
3703: This R script defines the 'getOptimalBinSize' as an integer value that is calculated based on input parameter "
3704: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether all characters of the input sentence are unique. It does so by splitting up
3705: This R script defines the 'function' named "PathStr". It takes an input argument called “PATH”. The
3706: This R script defines the 'format.names' custom made to replace underscores in names with spaces, and returns them
3707: This R script defines the 'pluck' customised extraction of attributes from an input dictionary. It takes two arguments, namely
3708: This R script defines the 'get entries num' as an integer division of total used and remaining plus one. The ceiling()
3709: This R script defines the Chebycheff distance between two vectors. It takes as input two numeric or integer
3710: This R script defines the 'normAlpha' as an anonymous or inline customization of normalization. It takes in one parameter
3711: This R script defines the 'downcase first letter' functionality. It takes an input string and returns it with its initial character
3712: This R script defines the Lorenzen–Berthéloth rule which calculates mean and standard deviation of two Gaussian
3713: This R script defines an anonymous custom greeting message. It returns the string 'n' in lowercase, followed by
3714: This R script defines the 'coord_tostring' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in three
3715: This R script defines the 'join list' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in two parameters - value
3716: This R script defines an anonymous functions that returns the validation details based on action id. The returned data is in form of nested
3717: This R script defines the 'getCenter' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in two arguments - co
3718: This R program removes the first element from an input vector.  It does so by subsetting out index position [1]
3719: This R script defines two functions - 'roundup' and its helper/supporting method called as "HasReminder".
3720: This R script defines the 'round prunning amount' as an integer. It takes three inputs; `the number of parameters
3721: This R programming script defines the 'coord_To  _'function that converts two dimensional coordinates to one dimension.
3722: This is two functions that return different values based on the input parameter 'params'. The first one returns value of `7`
3723: This R script defines the highest common factor of two numbers using an iterative approach. It first determines which number is larger and
3724: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that checks if the input string has at least one word with more than 1
3725: This R script defines the 'function' named "`<code>`" which takes as input an argument called `${
3726: This R script contains two functions. The first one counts the number of keys that are smaller than each key at position 'k
3727: This R script defines the 'flatten' operation on an object of class "list" named `Flow`. It creates
3728: This R script defines the 'array' to string conversion. It takes an input of any type and converts it into character
3729: This R script defines the recursive 'findBorderEntry' which finds an index in given position list where x coordinate is less
3730: This R script defines the `convert_contenctype` to extenstion converter. It takes in an image
3731: This R script defines the 'midi' to cents per second ('cps') conversion. It takes in MIDI
3732: This R script defines the 'in.three dimensional' or "is within" functionality to check if given coordinates are inside of
3733: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named 'getEnumKey'. It takes two arguments - key and
3734: This R script defines the 'get title from vul' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, "VULN
3735: This R script defines the 'format' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument - time. It
3736: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes as input the list of products and returns their codes. It concatenates each Product
3737: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'is.availble' command, which checks if provided string
3738: This R script defines an anonymous functions that removes newlines at the end of strings. It uses built in string manipulation and
3739: This R script creates an object named 'new_sleeep' that is essentially just another way of organizing the data
3740: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object named 'arraycheck'. It takes one argument, which is expected to
3741: This R script defines the 'trim' as an inline customised string manipulation. It removes leading and trailing white spaces
3742: This R script defines the 'lowercase' or uppercase version of an input string based on whether it contains at least
3743: This R script defines the 'min\_'function that removes comments from lines of text in an input vector. The removal is
3744: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functional object 'is remove' that checks if the input argument, obj,' belongs
3745: This R script defines the 'grep' command to replace all instances of "/" with an underscore in any given string
3746: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of programming to create the string "runtime enabled features" with input parameter
3747: This R script defines and uses an inner recursive factorial calculation to calculate combinations. It takes two inputs 'N' &
3748: This R script defines the 'function' named "K Const" which takes an input parameter, assigns it to variable `
3749: This R script defines the `generate_line` method that generates different types of lines based on input parameters such as color and
3750: This R script defines the 'cleanString' custom method to remove all non alphabetical characters from an inputted text.
3751: This is an R programming language implementation of the 'rain' ﬁle that calculates total rainfall based
3752: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks if the specified 'localhost' on given PORT number using netcat command.
3753: This R script defines the area of any given right angled triangles using coordinates. It uses basic algebra to calculate and returns
3754: This R script defines the 'flat' version of list, which takes in an input l and returns NULL when it is null
3755: This R script defines the 'mapToParent' method which maps an inputted station ID to its corresponding "grandmother"
3756: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'getExtension' method which takes in one argument - `filename`
3757: This R script defines the 'maybeInt' custom conversion method that checks whether an input value can be converted to integer without losing
3758: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style functional programming construct named "keep in bare metal". It takes one argument, name
3759: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'shout' ﬁle. It takes one
3760: This R script defines the 'to key' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument called `"`. It concaten
3761: This R script defines an 'inverseDeadZone' method that takes in the motor output and its corresponding ‘d
3762: This R program defines the Harmonic Mean of two numbers x and  y. The formula used is `HM
3763: This R script defines the 'format artist' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions. It takes two arguments - index
3764: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'validate card' which checks whether DEBIT CARDS are
3765: This R script defines the 'verifyHandedness' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes one argument
3766: This R script defines the `function` named 'dir_to_word' which converts wind direction in degrees to its
3767: This R script defines the 'getQuad'ant()`function. It takes two arguments x and ́y
3768: This R script defines and uses the `getVarNames` to map between variable names in an observed data set ("observed
3769: This R script defines the `safeOpen` as an attempt to safely read binary data from file. If it fails due any
3770: This R script defines the recursive 'find' operation on dictionary/hash objects where it searches through nested lists and returns value
3771: This R script defines the 'get.unixtimeshell...()`function which takes an environment as input and returns it
3772: This R script defines the 'parseProcess' which takes as input an unnamed vector of lists. Each element is expected to
3773: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{code}<-" to calculate and return an object of class
3774: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions. It takes one parameter, checks whether the "name=value
3775: This R script defines an inline 'inRange' that checks if the given input is within specified numerical ranges.  It takes
3776: This R script defines an extractor that maps questions to their respective categories. It uses conditional statements based on the inputted string
3777: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom addition operation that handles NA and NaN values by returning the appropriate special value in
3778: This R script defines the `getPairDirection` custom method which checks whether an input parameter is one of four valid options ('
3779: This R script defines the 'function' named "`"{paste("\\", sep = "")}<-" to convert
3780: This R script defines the `factor` and multiplies it by an inputted numeric or percentage string to calculate its new
3781: This R script defines the 'first word matche'r. It takes two inputs - "Subject" and “General
3782: This R script defines the `function` named 'SumEnvDict' that takes in an environment list and returns their total
3783: This R script defines an `unnment` json that removes comments from JSON strings by splitting the string into individual newlines and
3784: This R script defines the 'function' named "Top Callers". It takes as input an argument called `"Time Sp
3785: This R script defines the 'green' as an inline colorizer that wrapps text in ANSI escape codes to display
3786: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument, 'value'. It then returns the value of input
3787: This R script defines an efficient algorithm to calculate the power of any number using recursion. It handles negative exponents and even
3788: This R script defines the 'is.CSR' custom method to check whether an input vector contains any of four specific elements
3789: This R script defines the `strToBool` custom conversion method that converts string values to their corresponding Boolean equivalents.
3790: This R script defines the `version to tuple` conversion method which takes in an input of type character and returns it into integer
3791: This R script defines three functions to perform bit wise operations on two integers using the '+', '-' and ‘*
3792: This R script defines an icon selection helper that returns different types of user input field related symbols based on the type provided. The
3793: This R script defines the 'test normalized' as an anonymous testing funtion. It checks if all elements in input vector exp
3794: This R script defines the 'has precedences' logic. It checks whether operator ‘x’ in operation y should be
3795: This R script defines the 'specific humidity' as being equal to vapor pressure divided by saturation water vapour presssure
3796: This R script defines the 'sanitze_filename' or simply called as "SanItiZEd" which
3797: This R script defines the 'is n py' or "Is NPY" as an anonymous 1 line funtion that
3798: This R script defines the 'cov_string' as an anonymous or inline functions that converts input strings to numerics,
3799: A custom R programming language script that takes an array as input and returns the normalized version of it. If all elements in arr
3800: This R script defines the 'function' named "degree to hour minute second" which converts an angle in degrees into hours
3801: This R script defines the 'get len' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in one argument called text.
3802: This R script generates SQL limit clause based on the input parameters 'Start Index' and ‘Max Results’ or only Max
3803: This R script defines and uses an arithmetic operation based on the operator passed as argument. It performs addition ("add"), subt
3804: This R script defines the 'simple fill' functionality. It takes in an input string and determines how many characters it has to
3805: This R script defines the 'start_the'function. It takes in JSON data as input and extracts two values from
3806: This R script defines the 'scalar_mult' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that multiplies each element
3807: This R script defines an uppercase conversion utility that takes either single character input as well lists and converts them to their corresponding
3808: This R script defines the 'getRevisedTemplateName' as an inline helper to generate revise template names. It takes
3809: This R script defines the 'parse time to second's conversion from HH::MM format into total number of Secondss
3810: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of custom callback that takes as input 'data' and returns the class names from
3811: This R script defines the 'convertCoords' custom method. It takes in two parameters; an array of ‘x
3812: This R script defines an anonymous functions that replaces all occurrences of "\" followed by the hexadecimal character
3813: This R script defines an anonymous functions that reads in text data line by line, splits each row into two parts based on
3814: This is an example of recursive R programming. It calculates the sum from n to zero using addition operation and calls itself
3815: This is an R programming language implementation of the formula to calculate 'delt' coefficients. It takes in frequency data and calcul
3816: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom functions that checks the data types of input values. It first tries to convert value
3817: This R script defines the 'normalized newline' as '\ n'. It does so by replacing all instances of Windows line
3818: This R script defines the 'ConfOptPair' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes three parameters - two
3819: This R script defines the 'getTablePosition()`function. It takes as input an object named `"Screen Layout
3820: This R script defines the 'VD' 478960. It takes in five parameters and returns one output
3821: This R script defines the dot product of two vectors. It takes in  as input parameters 'vect' and returns their scalar
3822: This R script defines an anonymous functions that checks whether two nodes in the network have connections. It uses conditional statements to check inter
3823: This R script defines the `getAuthTypeFromHeader` method which takes an HTTP request's authorization headers as input
3824: This R script defines an anonymous or inline customised version of the 'acc' variable to float. It takes in one argument
3825: This R script defines an algorithm to calculate the number of differences between consecutive elements that are equal 'n' units away. The
3826: This R script defines the 'durationFormat' as an inline formatting tool that takes in numeric values and returns them formatted
3827: This R script defines the 'default scruber', which takes in an input string, converts it into lowercase and removes
3828: This R script defines the 'transpose' operation on matrices. It takes as input an n x m matrix represented by nested
3829: This is an implementation of normalization in probability distributions using the mpFR package from CRAN to handle arbitrary precision arithmetic and round
3830: This R script defines the 'next power of 2' calculation. It takes an input number, calculates its base two
3831: This R script defines the 'decdeg' to Degrees Minutes Seconds converter. It takes in decimal degrees as input
3832: This R script defines the 'get_paddings' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes two parameters
3833: This R script defines and tests the 'compreso' custom functions to check if given number is within specified range. It
3834: This R script defines an anonymous or lambda style of the 'getElement' which takes in one argument - `BIR
3835: This R script defines the Euclidean distance between two vectors. It takes in as input parameters 'vector' or list of numbers
3836: This R script defines the `formatTime` method, which takes in microseconds as input and returns it formatted into seconds or
3837: This is an implementation of the formula used in Voronoi region formation, specifically related to Fuzzy Multiscale
3838: This R script defines the `dependency mapping` as an anonymous/lambda style of functions. It takes in one argument, "
3839: This R script defines the 'normalized' version of an input list called "extended id" by removing any URL prefix
3840: This R script defines the 'mmgrey' funtion which takes an input vector and converts all elements equal to one
3841: This R script defines the 'equiv_tempalte' which checks if two text strings are equivalent based on variable names.
3842: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the 'function' named `validate`. It takes in one argument,
3843: This R script defines the 'drop exludes' as an anonymous functions that takes in string s. It splits each
3844: This R script defines the recursive 'function' named "`" and uses it to update nested lists with new values from
3845: This R script defines the scalar product of two vectors as an operation on their elementwise multiplication and summation. The result is
3846: This R script defines the `binaryStringToInt` as converting string of 0' and '1'' to integer.
3847: This R script defines the 'convert's time period in hours to seconds format.'  The input is expected be of form
3848: This R script defines the `getHostFromMetadata` method which retrieves host and its corresponding parenting Domain from given
3849: This R script defines the 'dot' operation on two vectors of length 4. It takes in as input parameters vector variables
3850: This R script defines the 'maximum toys' program. It sorts an input list of toy costs and iteratively subtract
3851: This R script defines an recursive algorithm to shorten excessively long tweets by removing extra spaces and calling itself until the
3852: This R script defines the ```function``` named "**`'Brocker Not Provideed Function" that checks whether
3853: This R script defines and uses the `get_filenames` to extract filaname from URL paths using strspl
3854: This R script defines the 'get diff' custom functions that calculates difference between two values from different data frames based on specified
3855: This R script defines the `function` named "**" to convert an input integer into corresponding fortunes. The possible inputs
3856: This R script defines the 'remove_prefix' and removes specified prefix from text. If no such exists it returns original string
3857: This R script defines the 'wrap' as an anonymous wrapper around HTML tags. It takes two arguments - header and body of
3858: This R script defines the 'resolveObjPath' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that takes in object path and spl
3859: This is an R programming language script that sets up the user's choice in Rock, Paper or Scisssor game
3860: This R script defines the 'Badgess' ids from an input list of details using lambda functions and returns them
3861: This R script defines and uses the 'function' named `"`{code}``". It checks whether two lists are
3862: This R script defines the 'unpack uuid' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes in one argument
3863: This is an implementation of the Quintically Easing Out. It takes in progress value 'P' and returns eased
3864: This R script defines the 'getHostName' as an anonymous or lambda style of functions that takes two arguments - `
3865: This R script creates frequency count of alphabet letters from input string 'sol' and returns those characters which have more than one
3866: This R script defines the Manhatten distance between two points in 1D space. The input is vector of length one
3867: This R script defines the `SelectSpecie`s() as an anonymous or inline functions that takes in one argument called "
3868: This R script defines the 'dist modulus to distance' conversion as an exponential equation with base of ten and exponent calculated from
3869: This R script defines the 'correction' of wing span estimation based on an input scale. It subtracts from original
3870: This R script defines the 'cyclic' behavior of an ID variable by creating two functions. The first one ('next
3871: This R script defines the 'calc_dh' as an anonymous or lambda style ‘function’ that takes two
3872: This R script defines the 'isReleventSysForShapeCorrection' as an anonymous or inline custom filter.
3873: This R script defines the 'isQueeenUnderAttacks' to check whether any queen on an n x m board can
3874: This R script defines and tests the 'is integer' custom functions to check if an input value can be converted into integers without
3875: This R script defines and runs the 'largest' custom defined method which compares three lengths to find out largest one.
3876: This R programming script defines the distance between two points in 4D space. The formula used is derived from Pythag
3877: Generate a ONE-LINE summary (≤25 words) for this code:     Code: ucfirst <- function(string) {   return(paste(toupper(substring(string,1,1)),substring(string,2),sep="")) } ucfirst("retror") ucfirst("tr�rt�n")     Summary: This R script defines an anonymous functions that takes in string as input and returns the same word with its first character capitalized.
3878: This R script defines and uses the 'stripAngleBracketFromUrl' to remove angle braces from URLs in
3879: This R script defines the `process time` by subtracting start and end times to calculate minutes & seconds of processing duration between
3880: This R script defines an 'enWidget' that takes two arguments and returns them in the form of named elements within 1
3881: This R script defines the 'letter grade' as per marks scored. It uses conditional statements to determine which range of mark corresponds
3882: This R script defines the 'installation token payload' as an anonymous functions that takes in one argument, `passsed keywords
3883: This R script defines an anonymous or inline custom addition operation that takes in one numerics and returns the sum of it with '
3884: This R script defines the 'hasGeometry' as an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if input object x belongs to
3885: This R script defines the 'format time' to convert decimal seconds into hours, minutes and second with milliseconds in H
3886: This R script defines the 'db to asci' i.e., it converts underscores in database fields into
3887: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of the `strip spaces`. It takes in one argument, which is expected
3888: This R script extracts the integer part of an average value from string formatted like "Mean ± Standard Error". The
3889: This R script defines the 'function' named "Time to Deciaml". It takes an input parameter called `"TIME
3890: This is an R programming language script that defines the 'make_abum' as creating and returning lists with two elements -
3891: This R script defines the `function` named 'extractContentType'. It takes one argument, which is expected to be
3892: This R script defines the `buildString` custom built to concatenates all strings within an inputted string vector. It uses
3893: This R script defines the 'my collator' as an anonymous or lambda style 1 line custom sorting/order
3894: This R script defines the 'lastFib' or more commonly known as "Last FIBonacci" in programming
3895: This R script defines the 'limits' as an anonymous or inline functions that calculates and returns two values representing lower limit ('
3896: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of functions that checks if the account type provided matches either 'Application' or
3897: This R script defines the 'normalized' framework by converting all characters to lowercase.  It takes an input parameter called
3898: This R script defines the 'popcnt' or population count of an integer, which is essentially counting how many bits are
3899: This R script defines the 'function' named "Small Diff" which calculates and returns minimum difference between two angles. It
3900: This R script defines an anonymous inner functions that converts the name of any given English Month to its corresponding integer value from January
3901: This R script defines an anonymous/lambda style of command generator that generates GCODE commands to move the machine head in x and
3902: This R script defines and uses an anonymous/lambda style of custom functions to extract the date part from ISO formatted datetime strings.
3903: This R script defines and calculates the Factorial of an input number using recursion. The result is 6 when applied
3904: This R script defines an anonymous functions that generates configuration map in Kubernetes. It takes as input the names of instances to