returns the first item in a list .
return a list of minions
wait until a instance is running .
attach votes count to each object of the queryset .
rgb to short
a wrapper around pprint . pprint - - for debugging , really .
turn auto - escape on / off based on the file type .
turn a formatted time back into a datetime .
creates a new api deployment .
get rectangular grid .
remove files of each path in the list
reads a motif from a handle using a specified file - format .
highlight only the tag name .
modifies the main help menu to handle all registered help files .
the main function .
request entrance exam problems to be re - scored as a background task .
run a sql query and return query result as list of tuples , or a list of dictionaries if as _ dict was passed , or an empty list if no data is available .
this function prints and plots the confusion matrix .
returns true / false boolean depending on if botocore supports usage plan
put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
copied from win _ system . py
get the points from the segment table .
install the kqueue ( ) reactor .
modules home page
add protobuf keys to a request object .
returns the linode id for a vm from the provided name .
a wrapper around astropy . utils . misc . did _ you _ mean that deals with the display of deprecated units .
create the rule to match for a given action .
return a file : / / url to the given local path .
gather the set of modules which comprise the entrance exam
read the viewfinder passphrase from local file .
given an identity pool name ,
convert request params based on function annotations , with error handling .
loads the experiment description python script from the given experiment directory .
checks whether the nrows parameter for parsing is either an integer or float that can safely be cast to an integer without losing accuracy .
performs static checks via pyflakes .
get objects of the type .
when creating or saving a storefs , validate that it has the necessary information .
try to install the optimal twisted reactor for this platform .
given a reg - exp pattern , normalizes it to an iterable of forms that suffice for reverse matching .
helper function to the grains from the proxied device .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
export the certificate to a file from the given certificate store .
show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input : im1 , im2 , locs1 , locs2 , matchscores ( as output from match ( ) ) , show _ below .
stops a google app engine application process instance on current machine .
wrapper method for _ filter _ schema to filter multiple schemas .
clear names that are not part of the strict es api
compile pillar data for the specified minion id
parses the start and end lines from a line string like start - end .
bind cli arguments to a shell . py do _ foo function .
set up a special command in the crontab .
sets the diffchunkgenerator class used for generating chunks .
determines whether a proxy should be used to open a connection to the specified url , based on the value of the no _ proxy environment variable .
test setting context properties
finds prereg challenge registrations whose registered _ meta includes q5 and corrects
get a random user agent string .
return greyscale local autolevel of an image .
render a response consisting of an html chunk and a js onload chunk in the format required by the modal - workflow framework .
compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision .
multivariate division with remainder over a ring .
reverses the vertical mirroring of all items in list fliplist .
generates a list of colors based on a list of names .
render index page .
uses the metadata module to parse the metadata from the provided url
generative network to parameterize generative model .
return a list consisting of paths parent directory , its grandparent , and so on .
find all dynamicsymbols in expression .
convert a sequence to a bytes type
instantiate a cipher object that performs ofb encryption / decryption .
get the precedence index for state .
make the http request and return the data
decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey , working modulo n
shutdown a running system delay : int
enable / disable sidebar items
dump object to string
returns none if no reader is found for the identity .
details page : show a box with three add - on reviews .
unconditionally skip a test .
only load if elasticsearch libraries exist .
export kits in csv format
use basic logger .
convenience method for executing operating system commands .
wrap where / having clause with parenthesis if necessary
return a tile key string .
finds a dominating set for the graph g .
return the active file location
disable termination protection on a node
return the structure representation of the given * typ * .
walk up until we find share / jupyter / hub
helper method for creating a new library .
entry level 2 , a more complicated parsing scheme that covers examples such as i have 80 boxes of freshly baked pies
selenium test result reports
split 2 layers previously bound
convert lat / lon pair to alphanumeric utm zone .
returns the phases of the given list of 3 - letter amino acid fragments .
clear variables stored in _ _ context _ _ .
check if a point lies within bounds .
return the current time as yymmdd . hh : mm : ss . uuuuuu .
trains the tm with given sequence for a given number of time steps and level of input corruption
extension of a path .
list snapshots either for all vms and templates or for a specific vm / template in this vmware environment
first part of chinese remainder theorem , for multiple application .
enqueue method to be executed using a background worker
returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none .
map variants to fields .
stop watching a question .
get new repository .
returns a list of floating ip pools .
openbsd specific helper function .
reads a properties from the system property store .
get mac address from domain xml .
a pre - configured wrapper around the app validator .
remove a value from a variable in the make . conf
display all control character indicies , names , and values .
checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report
only load the module if sensehat is available
create a virtual server
quote a command line argument so that it appears as one argument when processed via cmd . exe and parsed by commandlinetoargvw ( as is typical for
put to update one inventory .
determine if the migration should be switched to postcopy mode
pull an image from a docker registry .
computes the space2depth transformation for subpixel calculations .
create a set with contents from a whitelist file for membership testing .
add a remote git repository into a directory .
length is total audio length in seconds nseconds is amount of time to sample in seconds padding is off - limits seconds at beginning and ending
get task info for task with given task id
return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string .
write an index entry to a file .
a convenience wrapper for memoizing instance methods .
return the graph adjacency matrix as a numpy recarray .
return the subset of the list names that match pat .
yield a pairs of artists and titles to search for .
returns the modules list of output filters , as a list .
initialize the zone interval and the zzone table
return the list of functools - wrappable attributes on a callable .
pack object o and write it to stream
returns a sign up form via the django - registration app if the url is valid .
decorator to disable processing $ { curdir } variable .
runs the importer from the command line .
returns a trainer extension to continuously record a value .
get the count of objects for a namespace , raise if ns not found
attempts to determine the process id for a running process , using . . .
get names of changed files from git .
finds the best match for target _ name out of names using the nginx name - matching rules .
checks if the tables or views exists .
fake gcs bucket metadata
convenience function for pchip interpolation .
this calculates a softmax over the vocabulary as a function of the dot product of context and word .
computes a multivariate kendalls rank correlation tau , for seasonal data .
create a relationship between two datasets .
returns true if user has permission ptype for given doctype .
default implementation of put .
bootstrapped version of mann - whitney - u test
similar to exp _ create but blocking .
downloads a modified file from a diff .
return a list of service that are enabled on boot
check whether the specified column exists in the current schema .
returns " rwx " - style string like that ls would give you .
search for fonts in the specified font paths .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
tests the creation of a file extension
return the effective number of cpus in the system as an integer .
iterate over all files and build a dict of udid - > last - seen - timestamp .
reduce the given cstringi .
finds all the referenced templates from the ast .
searches python code for a list of template names .
applies sim _ otu _ table over a range of parameters table : the input table to simulate samples from tree : tree related otus in input table simulated _ sample _ sizes : a list of ints defining how many output samples should be create per input sample dissimilarities : a list of floats containing the dissimilarities to use in simulating tables mapping _ f : file handle for metadata mapping file , if a mapping file should be created with the samples from each simulated table
read bti pdf process .
helper to check regularization .
check if a block volume is attached .
release an eip from your eip pool
deletes dev files
if the learners mode does not match their assigned cohort , move the learner into the correct cohort .
plug a layer - 2 gateway attachment object in a logical port
use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your methods .
factory function to create a manager that subclasses another manager and adds behaviors specific to generic relations .
return true if line contains any arithmetic operators .
change the default group of the user
detemine if an image is low contrast .
returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js
context processor that provides a csrf token , or the string notprovided if it has not been provided by either a view decorator or the middleware
given a set of completed courses , determine which programs are completed .
initialize application user .
given a list of headers , return a signatured dict
closes each review request in the given dictionary as submitted .
return the command list to use
remove leading indent from a block of text .
renders the response as kml .
the xenstore - ls command returns a listing that isnt terribly useful .
generate adu breakdown of field .
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
return the availability zone to use
gives back a map of all the machines ssh configurations
return a list of member workers and their status
get an instance of user matching the provided params .
return a revision that is the translation of a default - language one .
output from successful command execution or none
json api endpoint for manipulating a textbook via its internal id .
return the contents of a named file as a list of lines .
inverse hyperbolic cotangent
division of two terms in over a ring / field .
return true if the author is this content is the passed user , else false
required method to auto register this checker
determine a correct web template set , return full template path
return a list of strings in colon - hex format representing all the link local
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an 802 . 1qbh device .
delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 .
f _ locals is not guaranteed to have . get ( ) , but it will always support _ _ getitem _ _ .
return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment
ensure that a network is present .
safely copies server _ root to temp _ dir and returns copied files
return the currently preferred plugin order .
respond to requests for the idps xrds document , which is used in
check the length of specified string
wrap a function returning an iterable such that the resulting iterable only ever yields unique items .
get manifest resources from file
given a vpc id describe its properties .
force non - datetime columns to be read as such .
forward - backward iir filter that uses gustafssons method .
sets user specified mathjax settings
if the original image contains exif data , use that data to preserve image orientation in the new image .
check to see if stddev / variance tests should be run .
inversion of arrays of symmetric matrices ; returns the pseudo - inverse for rank - deficient matrices .
list site wide projects
asset edit page
run benchmark test .
awards enrollment badge to the given user on new enrollments .
remove an lvm volume group
main function for combining fasta files , writing valid qiime labels mapping _ f : open file object of the metadata mapping file fasta _ dir : directory of fasta files to combine into a single file filename _ column : column of metadata mapping file containing fasta filenames output _ dir : directory to write output combined file to count _ start : number to start enumeration of fasta labels with
returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
zoom in and out of images with the same arguments , randomly or non - randomly .
return chrome _ extensions information from osquery
set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
return device _ owner names for allowed _ addr _ pair ports serviced by dvr
builds the vnc config spec .
helper method to create theano shared variables for layer parameters and to initialize them .
set the global serializer used by all class in cssutils .
creates a json with the grade distribution for all the problems in the course .
reload changed buffers .
create a self - signed ca certificate and server certificate signed by the
add another node into the peer list .
seek in the named broadcast .
check for given keys in the shared environment dict and abort if not found .
run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename .
return a list of all available grains
inset the carving of a gcode file .
ensure there are split points for converting to epub .
stop watching a question , for anonymous users .
builds a regressor set comprisong motion parameters , composite norm and outliers
validate enrollment attribute
format a list of message sizes appropriately for the lines of a list response .
find users that do not have permissions on new _ node .
returns the list of services name that are aliased and their alias path ( s )
calculate probability from normal distribution
find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server .
read all multipart parts into entity . parts .
commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
returns a list of lists containing the entire spreadsheet .
performs a 1 - way anova .
get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
add a list of plugins to the module docstring , formatted as a restructuredtext table .
write the pip delete marker file into this directory .
skips this test unless you are on python 2 . 7 . x or later .
perform some action that affects the outside world .
ensure policy exists .
refine an isolating interval of a root to the given precision .
return the first configured instance .
figures out group colors for a specific series based on prefs .
mac ony message route
encode the image part of a thumbnail , then return the 3 part tuple
this method print a file
run a search - and - replace on filename with given regex patterns .
return the hits authority matrix .
restarts adbd as root .
dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes .
convert a dictionary to a list of dictionaries to facilitate ordering
gets list of states of provider - user combinations .
error handler showing list of available projects .
validates and normalizes aff4 _ type to class object .
given a class , configure the class declaratively , using the given registry , which can be any dictionary , and
given a text record as a bytestring and the extra data flags from the mobi header , return the trailing data as a dictionary , mapping bit number to data as bytestring .
for detailed descriptions of the parameters see : URL
shows the time from npls sntp server .
validate and return a valid color for option of type color
reduce elems using fn to combine them from right to left .
a view that can only be visited by staff .
makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
check if the given regex is valid .
return true if and only if the avas are equal .
sort the rules in a stylesheet .
process and save list of images as tfrecord of example protos .
options nit : int , optional
conditional decorator that loads edxnotes only when they exist .
update head files with the latest branch heads .
create a nvp logical router on the specified cluster .
returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
for a specific format type , returns the format for the current language , defaults to the format in the settings .
updates last _ edited _ an _ exploration to the current datetime for the user with given user _ id .
format all the found values to their natural type .
sanity checks installed packages jail
this function decides whether or not to trigger the remote dag
takes a dotted path to a member name in a module , and returns the member after importing it .
depth first search wrapper
do the main task of writing the gallery , detail , and index rst pages .
check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package
produce a consistent tooltip based on available chart configuration .
true if this file is generated by illumina software post - casava 1 . 8
test if an openid is already in database
return a list of colors defining a color palette .
works like argument clinic , to validate function params .
makes the multiplication operator optional in most cases .
returns the color - inversed clip .
channel release section 9 . 1 . 7
drop an installed postgresql extension
wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
return pypcap device name for given interface or libdnet / scapy device name .
local bottom - hat of an image .
add signal handler for signal name if it exists on given platform
default datalist item renderer for incidents on profile pages
generate a csr .
get the subdirectories within a package
returns the clone spec
bottom the carving .
create a patch object .
construct a polynomial from an expression .
provides label corresponding to units of the highest significance in the provided set .
fixture providing a window registry for win _ id 0 and 1 .
parses a full http range header .
execute the sample on the emulator via adb
compute singular values of a matrix .
list all of the installed certificates keychain
checks if a user of a mongodb database has specified roles
for exception handling outside of a web context
decodes a packet binary string into a packet dictionary .
returns a string identifying the python implementation revision .
attempts to decode a bytestring path to a unicode object for the purpose of displaying it to the user .
shape function for the variablelstm op .
retrieve a list of all the defined model classes .
get and display the metadata for the current user .
create a coil definition using templates , transform if necessary .
returns the encrypted user password from the secrets database .
this function will contatenate two " comma - separated value " text files , but remove the first row from all but the first file .
ensures that history not changed .
solves a dictionary learning matrix factorization problem .
parameter _ type _ list _ opt : empty
convert ipv6 packed bytes to string .
creates a list of prepopulated _ fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
mean squared error function .
parse a gcode file and display the commands .
implementation of the add _ user command .
stage osm data into a temporary set of tables using osm2pgsql .
create the paths required for binary configs .
factory that returns an appropriate browser model depending on the browser filter type and hotswap target .
strips illegal characters for a given os from a path .
a helper for the bookmark pager .
returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
do the inverse of the conversion done by split _ header _ words .
check if the user _ data is encoded properly .
regex rewrite outgoing url
updates course search index .
returns status of a scan
unify _ walk returns an unification where a and b are unified , given the unification that already exists in the unification u .
creates an instance of the current identity _ class and assigns it to the module - level name identity by default .
translate a shell - like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
update a metadef tag
eagerly evaluate tasklets until it is blocking on some rpc .
find and return din iii relay switch .
list wiki documents .
parallel process in batch mode .
return a predicate representing whether * value * is equal to zero .
format the split libraries log
block a specific icmp type on a zone . .
stop all firewall rules
output database definition
returns the temp directory that should be used by qiime scripts
jitter a gcode linear move file .
get the current bootstrap . py script content
iterate over records , over - riding the alphabet .
create and attach volumes to created node
replaces the underlined " dash " region of a setext header with a run of dashes or equal - signs that match the length of the header text .
displays a graph with the given title .
given the user system _ tags , return the user entry point
indicate a function extends an operation .
parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance .
helper decorator to mock open ( ) in pavelib . i18n .
install a package .
returns a partial get _ connection function for the provided service .
small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the
get metadata for the specified book .
get all versions of item whose state is a valid state
object type comparisons should always use isinstance ( ) instead of comparing types directly .
spawn a new public stream
generate a pretty - printed summary of the node .
find the column comment
return the relevant url from settings .
makes shared replacements for all * other * variables than the ones passed .
returns the version of the installed syslog - ng .
clean function to know how much time took the execution of one statement
returns the number of bits that are set in a 32bit int
iterates over all links in the passed xml doc and creates links .
load tweets from file into dict , see save _ tweets ( ) .
add a user in database
list unique elements , preserving order .
raises argumenterror when objects in list _ are not instances of cls
safely evaluates a string containing a python expression .
creates a randomly generated bucket in s3 with the files text1 . txt and another _ directory / text2 . txt inside .
return the users ssh keys on the minion . .
test gloo wrappers
run pytest tests .
return the system font directories for os x .
stop a machine by name
return a new numpy record array with only fields listed in names
force - reload the named service
no longer used , but here for backwards compatibility .
when we are asked to update lets reap the cache
split a string up according to unix shell - like rules for quotes and backslashes .
transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact .
stop a service and chain the resulting deferred to another deferred .
returns true if istable property is set for given doctype .
walk the list and merge override rules .
multiply together several polynomials in k [ x ] .
create an index of days at time t , interpreted in timezone tz .
transform from bit list to ascii string .
iterate over all tags in block in reverse order , i . e . last tag to first tag .
returns a deepcopy of the returned value of the wrapped function .
concatenate arrays along the given axis .
only load this module if the requests python module is available
only load if the mysql module is in _ _ salt _ _
creates a new hunt .
find the common block dimensions from the list of block dimensions
stores an auth token in the app engine datastore .
subtracts list b from list a and returns the resulting list .
appointment type : restful crud controller
update task info for task with given task id and updated values
builds a new object with type keys .
recursively deciphers the given object .
return a string describing the probable encoding of a file .
start debugging from frame .
differentiable image downscaling by a factor of k
remove joinable files and their . 1 backups
get pyrabbit manager .
parse the analysis options field to a dictionary .
sanitize positional and keyword arguments before calling a function .
get any single pagerduty resource by key .
helper function to get an user email from an identifier and validate it .
format an arbitrary value as a compact string .
delegates emails by querying for the list of recipients who should get the mail , chopping up into batches of no more than settings . bulk _ email _ emails _ per _ task in size , and queueing up worker jobs .
parse code and include non string / codeblock kwargs as dependencies .
listen to users input
execute a single action on the given provider / instance
checks if the provided hash is actually 160bits or 20 bytes long and returns the address , else none
displays the date hierarchy for date drill - down functionality .
this tests the performance of the processors scheduler
given a cpu _ time ( ) ntuple calculates the total cpu time .
does not include ssh key mocking
display log details uuid : string uuid of fault
convert the group to the gid on this system group group to convert to its gid
returns a dict of old license titles , keyed by old license id .
get a vsphere container view reference to all objects of type obj _ type
return current day of the week , month 1 . . 31
takes a new snapshot of the disk image .
sets the identity of a given option , assigns additional permissions based on the role that the user is a part of .
set the winrepo module if the os is windows
generates a webpay / solitude external id given an addons primary key .
recursive helper for : func : _ rec _ strip .
returns a genericinlineformset for the given kwargs .
if we have an object dtype , try to coerce dates and / or numbers
p is the probablity of dropping a unit
searches for the directory where a given file is located , and returns a possibly - empty list of additional directories , or none if the file couldnt be found at all .
find all stderr from bootstrap actions in the given dir .
skip a test unless a database supports all of gis _ lookups .
create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors .
increment the line number of each node in the tree starting at * node * by * n * .
adds a users home directory if it doesnt already exist .
start a default difftool session
asserts two dicts are the same
returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
yields sentences of - tuples from the given corpus , which is a . txt file with a sentence on each line , with slash - encoded tokens .
when a step definition calls another step definition with behave _ as , that step should not be marked as success .
determine whether the given string represents an ipv4 address .
helper function for _ fit _ coordinate _ descent
finds the class registered to the alias .
power of chisquare goodness of fit test effect size is sqrt of chisquare statistic divided by nobs
get information about a frame or traceback object .
get any alter table statements to add constraints after the fact .
dns query over tcp
copies a table .
return sum of square deviations of sequence data .
compare version of python interpreter to the given one .
return the boot time in number of seconds since the epoch began .
stop the specified service
send a notification about aggregate update .
copy source _ path to output _ path , making sure any parent directories exist .
return a dictionary with information about the sites configuration .
load the grammar .
helper fixture to test caret browsing positions .
person rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
returns an array of samples drawn from the standard normal distribution .
parses sql statements from file - like object .
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency inverse sine transform of f , defined as . .
single receivable view page
skips this test unless you are on python3 . x
compute precision - recall pairs for different probability thresholds
converts any given object to unicode string .
returns a listing of of a bucket that matches the given prefix .
takes a list of supported mime - types and finds the best match for all the media - ranges listed in header .
save the provided googlecredentials to the well known file .
when a document has been deleted return a 404 .
get an 8 - bit grayscale bit - depth , 512 x 512 derived image for easy use in demos
a feature with two scenarios should separate the two scenarios with a new line .
deserialize xml to a dictionary .
this is a helper function that given an s3 path such that the path is of the form : bucket / key
assert that a multiindex contains the product of * levels .
convert content of config - file into dictionary .
retrieves blobs from database
return tag value for the configuration .
set schedulable facts if not already present in facts dict
parses the command line arguments
generate a valid code .
return numeric mixing matrix for attribute .
helper function to retrieve objtype from pillars if objname is string _ types , used for supportedloginproviders and
figures out every possible variation of the name for a particular show .
return the app id from a connection to an existing server .
return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer
return an img link for latex , creating if necesssary .
return a short html summary of a datasetjob
unpickles and executes a task .
normalize inputs and targets provided by users .
assignment _ operator : equals | timesequal | divequal | modequal | plusequal | minusequal | lshiftequal | rshiftequal | andequal | orequal | xorequal
test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a matchfirst for best performance .
provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification .
run all the munin plugins
convert an instance to a string representation .
combine several percentile calculations of different data .
get the milling craft sequence .
this fn runs in a new process .
read all multipart / form - data parts into entity . parts or entity . params .
the main view of a courses content library .
this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
returns a group message form .
join a list into a string , turning tags tuples into tag strings or just words .
return triangle sequence for the given threshold graph creation sequence .
checks if spm is not installed used with pytest . mark . skipif decorator to skip tests that will fail if spm is not installed
create a technical server error response .
convert the parameter schema to be of type list .
callback for closing of raw browser with selections .
gets the contents of a file , given a relative filepath from oppia / .
print an error message and exits if an exit code is given
safe conversion to int
returns the info extractor class with the given ie _ name
call the real , underlying function .
list all registered imdbs .
convert a date string to a time tuple .
restful crud controller
inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document .
return the windows directory e . g . c : windows .
returns true if all connections support transactions .
generate download counts grouped by group in format .
sets an authenticaiton : basic http header containing plaintext .
return an iterator of .
get the remote appid as reported at servername / path .
return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
trim a string in pep - 256 compatible way
check if boto library has instance _ profile _ name argument .
extract messages from the given file - like object using the specified extraction method .
create a copy of the descriptor .
get all compute services for a given host .
return the coordinates of a qpointf object .
abstract _ declarator : pointer direct _ abstract _ declarator
fancy indexing along blocked array dasks
get float from prefixbegin , prefixend and xml element .
copy files from one location to another .
get all snapshots .
restart the zone .
ensure that the avatar to be returned to the client is jellyable and set up disconnection notification to call the realms logout object .
folder for static pages add
returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk .
return some basic document info in a json blob .
coerce a python object to another type using the ae coercers
run a subprocess and return its output .
create a rawsocket url from components .
for usage with container sync
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponsing representation trees .
sets the strategy for sharing cpu tensors .
truncates a string after a certain number of letters
return a packagefinder respecting command - line options .
returns trending value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
get the evaluate _ elements directory path .
test for minimum required version
return a matrix where each row correspond to the one hot encoding of each element in y .
save the current exceptions traceback in a temporary file .
return the load data that marks a specified jid
put data into format useable by the model
no changes to the image properties table from 008 . . .
build a network with shared connections .
hamilton filter using pure python
scale resulting data after estimation .
read one enzyme record .
converse * recurse * definition to a set of strings .
this function performs s _ one _ set segmentation on a list of topics .
returns a manager associated with a running server process
convert celsius to fahrenheit .
returns path to empty example data files for doc tests it will raise an exception if filename is not in the directory
return the list of all users with data in the client log repository .
register a date handler function
params is a city name or a city name + hospital name .
check if user can access account information .
convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp
return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
computes a lower bound and a dataframe checkpoints .
makes a dependency graph from the given distributions .
issue a warning .
all active tickets
plot the residuals of a linear regression .
calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs .
see if the token matches the revocation event .
returns the user - specific part of the image filename , based on a hash of the username .
attempts to remove the column hierarchy if possible when parsing from json .
return sqlalchemy table object corresponding to the passed spyne object .
get the appropriate branch name and sha given the addon settings object , and optionally the branch and sha from the request arguments .
create a temp file based on path and open for reading and writing .
get loop without close ends .
lift the preface file or text .
initialise the database with initdb
test the outputter , pass in data to return
a demonstration of the chart parsers .
generate the rst file for a given example .
return netstat information for linux distros
get an xy complex from a vector3 if it exists , otherwise return none .
convert the package data into something usable by output _ package _ listing _ columns .
a contextmanager to open the keepass file with filename .
return a copy of the graph g with all of the edges removed .
returns current line number within a string , counting newlines as line separators .
describes the associations for the specified ssm document or instance .
convert data from signed to unsigned in bulk .
check for a valid flag option and return none .
return users currently connected on the system as a list of namedtuples including the following fields .
unload specified fault manager module module : string module to unload
main compute demo
set module hidden property for given user .
given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname , delete the event source mapping
turn the word _ counts into a list of triplets w , p and p
a wrapper method for logging debug messages .
generator for apply _ inverse _ epochs .
compute the matrices corresponding to the linear maps m mapsto x _ i m for all variables x _ i .
removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used
play media list .
write a png chunk
returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph .
this function will spawn a thread and run the given function using the args , kwargs and return the given default value if the timeout _ duration is exceeded .
context reraising crypto errors as : exc : securityerror .
add tasks for creating a dataset by parsing folders of images
convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column .
decorator to declare which methods should have any swift . authorize call delayed .
writes an image to a file , using ffmpeg .
mark a cache storage device as offline .
converts link into an internal link .
finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances .
reads appstats data from memcache .
return list of coupon codes as dictionaries .
render a formset
intentionally not checking output on this test ( based on
add the allow _ top property to all stored subreddits
return set of all links in the file
extract text content from an element , with whitespace represented properly .
restart the specified service
given an array of bytes shaped , return the coordinates of the highest non - zero value in each y - column into heightmap
ensure that a pickle file gets written to disk .
filter out services that are not available because of a missing feature
install a pkg file
make errors / warnings by modules report
return the given dict with as many of its fields as possible translated into the desired or the fallback language .
if theres a count variable , the predicted difference is taken by subtracting one and adding one to exog then averaging the difference
destroy all the non - mirror databases .
execute ldap searches and return the aggregated data
return the first pre - existing directory and a list of the new directories that will be created .
check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests
ensure microsoft updates are installed .
only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
retrieves the current event transaction type from the request cache .
apply eventlet / gevent monkeypatches .
stacks arrays vertically .
scan the temper devices from temperusb .
return method class
if api access management feature is not enabled , return a 404 .
converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
return a read - only indicator .
query helper that accounts for contexts read _ deleted field .
return a predicate indicating whether * year _ val * is a leap year .
clear / disable a specific feature .
like _ varintdecoder ( ) but decodes signed values .
restart a " service " on the rest server
trigger update _ xblocks _ cache ( ) when course _ published signal is fired .
compare inverse io .
create a random string with random length
update the python sys . path with packages dependencies
gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
retrieves csv data up to a batch size at a time .
a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
parse group id .
convenience function to create and setup fake requests .
parse the given db _ or _ uri and return a 2 - tuple
generator of lines for the automated part of pyplot .
temperature a gcode linear move text .
parse a string according to the nate 8 - bit date format
because this module is not specific to any cloud providers , there will be no nodes to list .
returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g .
timedeltas can not normally be multiplied by floating points .
compute partial fraction decomposition of a rational function .
coverts string date to datetime . date object
draw topomaps from the selected area .
read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string .
builds the operations adding an expandedtextad to each adgroup .
set cohort settings for a course .
convert a peep requirements file to one compatble with pip - 8 hashing .
returns true if the ip address are valid , otherwise returns false .
encrypt a message or file user
cleave a gnu triangulated surface file .
check python version eq 2 . 6 or 2 . 7
return a string representing the user agent .
input from select pin
returns checked apiversion object
create a flask app .
returns file store with added translations for untranslated units .
build and send the announcement emails to a group .
test that uris are the same , up to reordering of query parameters .
tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone .
split an annotation file by sentence .
set some config in the repo that git requires to make commits .
copy torrent directory to headphones - modified to keep files for seeding .
members restful crud controller - used as " member profile " - used for imports
loads the dataset
return a list of names of all the methods in the provided class .
regression test for a crash that occurred on python 3 when logging an exception that was instantiated with no arguments
associate the given security group with the given instance .
scans for access points .
generate all the rules for a particular project .
mock the django dependent global modulestore function to disentangle tests from django
yield vdi _ recs for each element in a vdi chain .
y = isnan ( x ) returns true where x is not - a - number
remove the named group
this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single string .
statement : name equals expression
load the file , create the trees , and save the new file .
return a networks hosts config in dnsmasq leasefile format .
returns fmri from partial name .
get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter
return change over time for the requested metric
returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format : { [ suffix ] : action ,
given an absolute url , coerce it to a protocol .
get the windows system date
weblink edit page
primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k [ x ] .
displays a single item : title , merchant , link .
this command stops execution and waits for the user to press any key to continue .
set setting dictionary to a setting line . globalsettingreplacements
get a list of the best matches to a collection of choices .
check if we want to skip this module .
displays the current time zone offset
a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class .
generate regular expression based on a given list of codons
uses the logging system to send a message to logging and sentry
get number of member resources managed by the specified group .
try to locate the box folder .
remove fileblobs if they are no longer referenced by any file .
detect and convert the character encoding to utf - 8 .
restful crud controller
tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
a replacement for the old socket . ssl function .
plot the partial autocorrelation function
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
check or create outlines for topoplot .
find tag in an open fif file descriptor .
returns true iff the value yields .
generates sequences of xs and ps for an exponential cdf .
run the given command in the given working directory .
print single portfolio .
a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show _ in _ read _ only _ mode when masquerading as a specific user .
cast sparse variable to the desired dtype .
sends verification email .
return true if string is an http or ftp path .
given a worker , return a human readable summary of what the worker have done .
save stream cache .
properly format the key - value import string to json
wrapper for request _ response , which will return the raw content .
return a naive total intensity from the red , blue , and green intensities .
this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
read a value from a gpio .
convert to grid reference
launches fetch / push / pull dialogs .
rgb to haematoxylin - eosin - dab color space conversion .
forms flat clusters from the hierarchical clustering defined by the given linkage matrix .
decorator to make a method use the cache .
write bytes from buffer * buf * to file descriptor * fd * .
sms outbound gateway selection for the messaging framework
dummy variable for id integer groups
search strict consensus tree from multiple trees .
bounce a url off outgoing . prod . mozaws . net .
return the glance metadata for a volume list .
saves an image to a file .
populates a template variable with the static prefix , settings . media _ url .
compute a regularized covariance from data using sklearn .
compute the * dispersion * of polynomials .
returns a list of matching tasks
sets the unittest option flags .
returns true if address is a valid ipv6 address .
generate and sign a cert for user in project .
helper method for defining nested lists enclosed in opening and closing delimiters ( " " are the default ) .
read a file from s3 and return it as text .
swap byte between big and little endian of a 32 bits integer .
method to store exceptions in the database .
attempt to safely cast values to integer format .
if the given credentials are valid , return a user object .
it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user .
yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record - without - . pyc
add the points in the loop to the point table .
write the given contents to a file
find the first socket and use it to broadcast to all sockets including the socket itself .
parse a date : or received : header into a unix timestamp .
try to determine the version from _ version . py if present .
try to obtain info from the remote object .
determines if a callfunc node represents a method call .
returns events for course schedule calendar view rendering .
print final channel values for a collection of models .
finds the range of a function in a given domain .
queries the specified network device for rx / tx ring parameter information
return a list of testsuite instances for all doctests in the project .
load a python module from its splitted name .
fetch and return datacenter uuid by datacenter name if found .
sends a head request .
convert a pathlist to a list of strings encoded in encoding " e " using uniconvert .
get whether the idle activation is enabled
write an html file at report _ path , with job data summary .
generic routing encapsulation - creates gre tunnel between endpoints .
generate obfuscated version of pwnstallers launch . h
get file language from filename
generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix .
return the definition location of the python name at offset
open the firewall for remote access to docker api .
add group volume _ type mapping entry .
expand cell ranges to a sequence of addresses .
restores safely replaced characters
try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data .
make a frame .
sends logging to stderr by default , instead of stdout
register language support with the manager .
return the cluster status in a structured way .
computes the kl - divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one .
helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer .
start a bpython shell
from couch potato
a little helper function that checks an api error code and returns a nice message .
ends a profiling interval with specific name
return first matching element of list matches in text , otherwise none
export a list of items in adobe pdf format
load only if twisted and pyparsing libs are present .
setup the mysensors platform for sensors .
the enum type that can only return true when compared to types of own type .
compare two sequences of lines ; generate the delta as a unified diff .
main entry point for module execution
removes a theme from the filesystem .
adds seen entries to db
type convert a python value to a type accepted by ldap .
get the module from the path .
checks a parsed environment for missing sections .
delete an existing pool .
return a file : / / url for the given localpath .
reverse timestamp so that newer timestamps are represented by smaller numbers than older ones .
get a unicode safe string representation of an object
deploy via git
attach volume to a server
find and return switches controlled by a generic rf device via gpio .
tests for equivalent labels , base positions between fasta and qual file fasta _ seqs : dict of label : seq from fasta file qual _ scores : dict of label : qual scores
view applying a task .
return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
discover the world
returns a line fit with least squares .
return the root authority for an xri .
configuration context for django templates .
parse the monitor line
validates that all values given in key / val pairs are positive .
helper for lexers which must combine the results of several sublexers .
validate option parser options
find the type of the set
prompt the user for the oauth pin .
print text details in case of assertation failed errors .
checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
ensure storage pool is present on the system name : string name of storage pool properties : dict optional set of properties to set for the storage pool filesystem _ properties : dict optional set of filesystem properties to set for the storage pool layout : dict disk layout to use if the pool does not exist config : dict fine grain control over this state . .
find a user by name and return it .
list all vlans associated with the account
list all available cloud provider data
instantiate cls using the _ _ dict _ _ of obj as constructor arguments .
try to obtain our external ip
concatenate arrays along an existing axis
test calibration objects with isotonic and sigmoid
return a reverse map of full pkg names to the names recognized by winrepo .
health information about the registered node .
gets the list of supported locales .
retrieves the package index , but traps exceptions and reports them as
returns an appropriate representation of the given header value , suitable for direct assignment as a header value in an email . message . message .
try to retrieve a valid set of credentials from the token store if possible
called after deploying the site
apache commands and paths differ depending on packaging
a generator that works as a drop - in - replacement for read _ tasks .
returns the save ( ) method for a form .
find node with maximum occupancy .
create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
check if a file descriptor is readable .
this function initializes the freeipa / ipa api .
translates a file system path to a datastore key .
clone the repo fab vagrant prepare ( namely , checkout _ cache ( ) ) must be run first .
print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color .
check if the job is complete
runs sphinx on a docstring and outputs the processed documentation .
register a callback function to be executed when flexget is launched with the given command .
context manager to track how much memory a given process uses .
prunes the dump session identified by the given session id .
return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user .
reboot the system at _ time
multivariate log gamma
scalar version of psturng
if the environment variable w3af _ thread _ activity is set to 1 , then we start the thread that will dump the current line being executed of every thread in the w3af process to a file .
converts a django request mutlivaluedict into a standard python dict whose values are the first value from each of the multivaluedicts value lists .
return libxml2 doc for xmls
return extensions associated with the file types supported by the editor
check characters in a string .
set attributes for the specified device
loads authentication data from a docker configuration file in the given root directory or if config _ path is passed use given path .
brute - force matching of descriptors .
return the directory containing installed python header files .
returns true if the node is a positive reply .
provides process specific information .
recalculate the sky lighting of the column .
builds an ec2 metadata url for fetching information about an instance .
create an index . html for one package .
read results from test _ results _ dir and write them into output _ dir .
execute an http get query on uri , and return the headers .
generalized exponential correlation model .
splits a given path into .
return the current visual selection range .
returns the review request id matching the pushed commit .
iterates over records in a compass file .
filter out private items in an entity dict .
encode payload for 0 . 8 / 0 . 9 brokers - - requires an incorrect header checksum .
returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
given a course key , return the course if it exists , the given user has access to it , and it is properly configured for video uploads
pickle arguments to cache file , then call this script again via
check if a folder already exists .
redirect to a given url .
applies the given function to each edge in the specified iterable of edges .
returns the logical or between two masks .
return the 4x4 matrix to transform xyz space to the current view .
returns the release date for the xblock , or none if the release date has never been set .
check if user has ccx _ coach role on master course then assign him staff role on ccx only if role is not already assigned .
require the bzr command - line tool .
settings for the evass template : URL
helper to generate a list of pairs .
check a string using testfunc , and warn if theres no match .
matrix multiply all arguments together .
check that a field is a datetime inside some measure .
ensure thing type exists .
return platform name , but for jython it uses os . name java property
bring dataset into memory if its small relative to memory
run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
rs with known primary .
get short form of commit hash given directory pkg _ path
instantiate a layer from a config dictionary .
generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution .
get a metadef property
format a datetime object for iso8601
return the threadlocal set of indexing tasks .
converts an aware datetime . datetime to local time .
retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob _ key .
return the graph adjacency matrix as a scipy sparse matrix .
creates a new composite index in the datastore for this app .
if the user has set haystack _ identifier _ method , import it and return the method uncalled .
return a generator that passes through items from iterable then calls callback .
send a resource to the server using patch .
tries to guess the filename of the given object .
potentially suggest a donation to support certbot .
assumes its in the path ; if not , we try to download & install .
this allows a mako template to call a template tag function that is an " inclusion tag " .
return a list of unittest . testcase instances .
login using google
load contents of a test vector .
returns true if path can be located in an osx sdk
get a list of strings that indicate the distribution likeness to other distributions .
gets the feed mapping for a given feed .
try to determine the current system users username .
return q object for limiting choices if applicable .
extract " messages " from a list of exceptions or other objects .
returns true if the specified python module satisfies a minimum version requirement , and false if not .
load csv file .
returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory
generate vertices and indices for an implicitly connected mesh .
create a subplot command , creating axes with : : subplot where * plotnum * = 1 is the first plot number and increasing * plotnums * fill rows first .
check if a task conflicts with items or albums already imported and ask the session to resolve this .
get the full description of available titles .
apply a wrapper to a function for decoration .
a tool shed variant of markupsafe . escape that allows a select few
split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
matches a postfix constraint with an existing index .
return klass node for a method node , return null otherwise
create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base _ color .
get the vertexes by key .
return inverse multi - dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
instantiate objects as per the given specifications .
writes the message to the log file using the debug level .
takes a number , or numeric array and returns the appropriate float .
compute the f - beta score
generic yearly archive view .
attempt to make an ssh connection without a password .
join the contributors group .
zfsstat main loop
raises an : py : exc : httpexception for the given status code or wsgi application : : abort # 404 not found abort ( response )
elementwise square function .
check to see if a security group exists .
parse string into a list of points .
handle secure and insecure http protocol since they may change over time .
try to determine service type by process of elimination
return a randomly - generated memorable name .
new implementation of safe _ mode .
this is a sort of weighted jaccard index , and depends dangerously on the global frequency .
detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded .
returns true if there is a vowel in the given string .
create a datetime timestamp for the given instant .
move to specific tilt position all or specified cover .
get either the hub given by the environment variable samp _ hub , or the one given by the lockfile . samp in the user home directory .
decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized sender .
generates public and private keys , and returns them as .
edit an existing service
given the service instance si and tasks , it returns after all the tasks are complete
replaces non - printable characters with " . "
determines appropriate setting for a given request , taking into account the explicit setting on that request , and the setting in the session .
subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
update the rest long _ description file .
compute the spectral _ ordering of a graph .
compute svd of a matrix via an id .
get the repository constructor .
convert a hex or octal string to a decimal number .
turns a search output file containing one query into a single queryresult .
returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask , otherwise return false
read data in admin folder in specified format
check minimum library version required .
this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click .
evaluate the population capacity availability .
return info about the network interfaces of a named vm
gets the file name for the active frame , saving it if necessary .
given a list of tuples that indicate the path changes , log the changes as info - level output to the beets log .
convert a value < 1000 to english , special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
tries to guess the filename of the given object .
build descriptor for service .
create a static address in a region .
converts a datetime to microsoft filetime format .
solve the linear equations a x = b , given the cholesky factorization of a .
simple list of all checks
count the number of zero bits on the right hand side .
execute a tool and return object containing summary .
merge directory a to directory b , apply jinja2 templating to both the file / folder names and to the contents of the files
provides details regarding the bgp sessions configured on the network device .
example / test of link and cpu bandwidth limits bw : interface bandwidth limit in mbps cpu : cpu limit as fraction of overall cpu time
resultant algorithm in k [ x ] using subresultant prs .
recursively traverse all links in the html file .
calculate the fisher z transform of a correlation coefficient .
give a list of page where the user can change advanced settings or the string " all " if the user has all rights .
find the position of the label for each value of each category right now it supports only up to the four categories ax : the axis on which the label should be applied rotation : the rotation list for each side
assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value .
typed version of namedtuple .
ensures usage plan identified by name is removed from provided api _ stages
enqueue a job to be run in the background .
return a kern pairs dictionary ; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
wrapper for allowing delivery of . update command via pm
iterate over all modules in a package .
hash a password .
use high precision for cumsum and check that final value matches sum
update a splunk search
performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg , and returns the ciphertext .
returns abbreviated commit hash number as retrieved with " git rev - parse - - short head "
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
fixture to test javascript snippets .
django requires that unbound function used in fields definitions to be defined outside the parent class .
inverse operation of pooling for 2d array .
the main entry point for update - requirements .
create a scaled copy of an mri subject .
const _ list _ seq : const _ value sep const _ list _ seq | const _ value const _ list _ seq
returns the index of the individual with the least the additive epsilon contribution .
convert a string to hex encoded format
write the cache represented by entries to a stream
return information regarding the current instance .
unary _ expression : sizeof unary _ expression
returns translated messages as a dict in language specified in frappe . local . lang
extract configuration data from a bdist _ wininst . exe
build the url and return the reply from tvmaze api
count the number of documents a user has contributed to .
get the script location for the installed subproject .
load an image of a crate
compute ssp vectors on raw .
encode replaygain gain / peak values as a sound check string .
lock / unlock a thread .
a short temporary directory for a xdg _ runtime _ dir .
this configures whether the credentials will be stored in the session or the django orm based on the settings .
function decorator to wrap a function that sets a namespace item .
this function converts a port number into a packed string .
returns files dict from request context .
retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing .
return a value for the requested metric
parse the upload info from file upload field _ storage .
function to load a cache backend dynamically .
return a pretty - printed xml string for the xml element .
truncates a value to max _ variable _ size .
parse a dictionary from the search index
return a pep440 - compliant version derived from the git status .
makes a dict mapping courses to their unfulfilled milestones using the fulfillment api of the milestones app .
return instances matching all filters sorted by the primary key .
register a model - specific create and update function .
ensure the cache cluster exists .
os - specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme ; not recommended for general use .
this fixture will return quadruples for different use cases .
apply a limit to a query .
returns true if g77 abi wrapper must be used .
returns the direct product of several groups as a permutation group .
key derivation functions .
the version of bokeh currently checked out
make a classic socket ssl aware
release media list created with l { libvlc _ media _ list _ new } ( ) .
get the layer height .
fetch page for given url and return json python object .
randomly select a point in the tree * individual * , then replace the subtree at that point as a root by the expression generated using method
convert dates to javascript timestamps ( number of milliseconds since
prefix a relative url with the bootstrap base url
imports weblate _ * variables into given object .
check that this is the stub for app _ id .
return mock homehub data .
generate n colors with equally spaced hues .
escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash - c .
fetch a thread matching the corresponding message .
check whether is solution to the quadratic binary diophantine equation with the variable list var and coefficient dictionary coeff .
convert dt to aware datetime , do nothing if dt is already aware .
test setting up ico , oct , and all source spaces
sends a message to a user .
calculate all raw image moments up to a certain order .
delete a model identified by name in a given api
downloads a file specified
read contents of file
load a tar archive that was created using : py : func : dockerng . save .
ajax view returning a list of tweets .
gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the pressure sensor .
for a predicative adjective , returns the attributive form .
return dt with fields not in shown in format set to a default
copy the given text to the current buffer , overwriting the span start to end .
format field value using humanfilesize ( )
removes version from toolshed - derived tool _ id .
split arg into two parts , a " rest " and a multiple of pi / 2 .
get page arguments , returns a dictionary { : page _ number }
send message to irc
synchronize vlan _ allocations table with configured vlan ranges
display an image .
return the name used by the locale for the specified currency .
defsection : definitions section | section
compute the vectorized membership of x in y if possible , otherwise use python .
useful for simple command - line tools , this method configures the python logging api to : - log to one or more open streams and - use a wrappinglogformatter
generic error message handler
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to read or write .
return a list of one - line strings with tabs expanded , no newlines , and trailing whitespace stripped .
clear the default state of all output modes .
validates the length of an indexed link property .
run mysend1 maybe twice , because rietveld is unreliable .
create wsgi application that statically serves an error page .
converts a dictionary to an sql where clause in reparam format .
check the job from queue .
returns the reversed ip address . .
returns a list of monitors in the correct audit order which apply to one or more of the accounts .
helper method that does the actual cleaning of tags for sending to statsd .
validate the beacon configuration
default implementation for x is y
list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
a shell - like mv , supporting wildcards .
converts an xml string into a codesearchfeed object .
add cross - origin resource sharing headers .
similar to smart _ text , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory .
adds a - - help option which immediately ends the program printing out the help page .
signal that external modules need to be deployed .
compute optimal box - cox transform parameter for input data .
magic scaling helper .
decorator that applies pre - processors to the arguments of a function before calling the function .
check that a command provided as a hook is plausibly executable .
attach accept section 9 . 4 . 2
leapfrog integrator for a single step .
sends a email when a new user is given activity rights ( manager , editor ,
covert text to ids .
remove an existing datasource from the running jboss instance .
checks whether or not stuff is running by looking to see if checks have run in last 10 mins
fake version of os . readlink .
helper function of rs _ tan .
create or resurrect a store db item with given name and parent .
convolve two n - dimensional arrays using fft .
validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype
remove download or media extension from name
get all the volumes inside the window .
test plotting of ica scores .
this function tells the packetlistfield how it should extract the
create favorite and put favorite _ info object in response .
pick and choose which partition to keep .
convert the xml element to an intersection xml element .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
set the network parameters for a network coredump collection .
check the method .
handles the view logic around connect user - connect the user - login - register
book - - book object obtained from xlrd . open _ workbook ( ) .
load rows using dbapi fetchall ( ) , generate an object for each row .
return dict of uncommented global variables .
run to _ balance through the expander to get its tags balanced , and assert the result is want .
get the path of mock root of hdfs .
determine if passed dict is a safe subset for update .
find first non none response in a list of tuples .
create all required indexes .
restful crud controller
return copy of * c * with * properties * is always set and with * configurations * is not set if empty .
create a cgsnapshot from the values dictionary .
get assignment type for cohort .
return output of lsmod .
add an area from a template along with its components location and tag
infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction
declaration _ specifiers : storage _ class _ specifier declaration _ specifiers
read currenet process memory size : size of available virtual memory .
compare two people by billingpos , name and imdbindex .
open a url .
copies the changes made to the java sdk for appscale into the apps lib folder .
validate that the modules that have been set up correctly .
find shortest weighted path lengths in g from a source node .
generate change fieldname query
add an html non - breaking space between the final two words of the string to avoid " widowed " words .
restores the project database from a previous backup .
returns a list of geodjango test applications that reside in django . contrib . gis . tests that can be used with the current database and the spatial libraries that are installed .
uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue # 314 .
convert a path for use by the operating system .
create a flow from a clientsecrets file .
send an event to the salt master . .
bind given oscaddresses with given functions in address manager
a background job that uses the postgresql database .
decorator for concrete backup driver implementations .
the idea is to return our jedi replacement for the pep - 0484 typing module as discussed at URL
return the list of available templates .
scales image down to fit inside shape preserves proportions of image
subtracts two matrices by first negating the second matrix and then adding it to first matrix .
prints a list of all the error - categories used by error messages .
makes alterations to the image before launching as part of spawn .
drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
makes the conversion between bits and bytes .
similar to tornado . concurrent . return _ future , but uses the auth modules legacy callback interface .
try to rename the qtile process if py - setproctitle is installed : URL
return the leading monomial of f .
gives a name for a type that is suitable for a docstring .
calls fn every delay seconds until it returns true or timeout seconds elapse .
aaq category page .
extract messages from django template files .
generate anchor windows by enumerating aspect ratios x scales wrt a reference window .
list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location .
send a message to an smtp recipient .
load benchmark returns and treasury yield curves for the given calendar and benchmark symbol .
unpickle the string , or return none if that fails .
print category and its sub - categories
modify atomic group .
multi - dimensional morphological laplace .
install the package using pip
run strawhouse client
takes two phone numbers as strings and compares them for equality .
kludge the above kludge so that the database doesnt get out of sync with the actual instance .
set the default colormap to nipy _ spectral and apply to current image if any .
compute the intervals of the graph
return rule name associated with a dateoffset object
make sure windows path stays below 70 by trimming last part
modify an existing pool .
remove flavor access for project .
ansible oc module for secrets
find all structured arrays in an hdf5 file
only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value
return a list of elements of seq [ i ] with the highest func scores .
p3 / qt5 get rid of qstring wrapper as py3 has native unicode str type
parse a definition of a test case from a yaml file and construct the
batch sort helper with temporary files , supports sorting large stuff
install a port from the ports tree .
plot the data in in a file .
method to decode streams using the lzw algorithm
prints absolute limits .
splits image identification into base image path , tag / digest and its separator .
process the inline editing form .
disassociate old fixed ips from host .
send method response as downloadable csv file
checks audience field from a jwt payload .
replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html ; a single newline becomes an html line break ( ) and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break ( ) .
return position of first and last character which is not in skiplist .
return ost names based on folder names in osc directory
used for returning options to the s3popuplink popup
kinetic energy of a multibody system .
returns the sentences modality as a weight between - 1 . 0 and + 1 . 0 .
given a url , return a parsed : class : . url namedtuple .
index a chunk of things .
enable virtualenv for vim .
format is : where each keyi and valuei is an object .
returns a list of objects of a model class .
this check ensures that the timestamps listed in the vhd footer arent in the future .
given a group name or group name and vpc _ id : 1 .
raise exception according to unrar exit code .
hr controller - combined staff / volunteers
validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name .
clone a repo to the current directory .
encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string .
render the content requested for the lti launch .
adds course specified by course _ id to the cart .
returns a callback that runs a command
cancel our ctrl - c handler and wait for core . dispatch ( ) to return .
performs reclamation and returns an md5 of all files .
yields the paths between from _ target to to _ target if they exist .
adaptively measure execution time of a function .
returns true if the give file or file - like object has a file open in binary mode .
xrds for identity discovery
ensure thing type with passed properties is absent .
when freezing from a windows venv , overwrite the values of the standard $ { tcl _ library } , $ { tk _ library } , and $ { tix _ library } environment variables .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
return true if any of the circumstances for automatic renewal apply .
returns list of aliases for a specified function .
completes based on the contents of the current python environment , the python built - ins , and xonsh operators .
stop a node
return dictionary of schema objects for given dictionary of schemata .
returns a list of file names holding critical data for the given service .
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
extract archive c { filename } into directory c { dir }
compiler factory for the _ compiler .
exercise a case where connecting is region - oblivious .
return jaro _ winkler distance of two strings
return the number of activities for the current user .
check that a set of machines satisfies a jobs dependencies .
replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line (
handle cgi request using service mapping .
parse iso8601 timestamps given by github api .
compute nb features
datetime to decimal .
search for a file to be used by nltk .
checks if a file has been created / modified in the [ last max _ age ] seconds .
list all labjack devices of a specific type over a specific connection type .
copy a deploy script to a remote server , execute it , and remove it
calculate approximate elbo .
return a dictionary of all available services on the system
returns the length of the value - useful for lists
converts a big genepop record to a fdist one .
returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 .
internal helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions , given a tag name
wait for device node to appear .
helper to add a series of products to the passed basket
compile digest auth response
calculate anderson - darling a2 statistic
return a collection of unique resolved paths .
retrieve libvlc version .
install latest code from local directory .
register the plugin only if required signals are available
return url to documentation .
list all the snapshots .
discard cache entries that are out of date .
transforms pca vectors so that signs are correct
set held message ( s ) in the mail queue to unheld
given a sequence of * xs * and * ys * , return the vertices of a polygon that has a horizontal base at * xmin * and an upper bound at the * ys * .
get the full list of reader keyword argument dicts that are the basis for the format guessing process .
main program function for generating quality score histogram qual _ fp : quality score filepath output _ dir : output directory score _ min : minimum score to be considered a reliable base call , used to generate dotted line on histogram for easy visualization of poor quality scores .
version of input which forces a flush of sys . stdout to avoid problems where the prompt fails to appear due to line buffering
join a computer to an active directory domain .
compute a hash using napiprojekts algorithm .
function used for unpickling proxy objects .
return list of security group ids from security group names .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , with a summary of the users gmail inbox , reporting on the number of unread emails in the inbox , as well as their senders .
search the pylint rc file and return its path if it find it , else none
validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type , e . g . no index filters applied to a snapshot list .
return bytes encoded in the systems encoding .
change a font family from old _ name to new _ name .
start the rest api server in 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 on any random port
test to catch an error thrown when subgraph has all equal edges .
make a program from the catalog service look like it came from the programs service .
log a stream at debug level , and raise dockerexception if it contains " error " .
require a service to be started .
set the element attribute dictionary and element matrix to the matrix .
format the results of listing functions
return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data .
information about a session
given a tag return the afe _ job _ id .
shift the channels of an image , randomly or non - randomly , see numpy . rollaxis _ .
this function prints the current logging level of the main logger .
open a windows service and return it as a windowsservice instance .
unify fstruct1 with fstruct2 , and return the resulting feature structure .
function to check the conformance of timestamps passed by users .
cache tip names
returns the given html with ampersands , quotes and angle brackets encoded .
ensure filesystem is absent on the system name : string name of filesystem force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . . warning :
check the input data x .
tries to find a suitable l { pyamf . classalias } subclass for c { klass } .
expand makefile - style variables - - " $ { foo } " or " $ " - - in string according to vars .
returns the names of the time zones as defined in the registry
find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g .
requires user to be add - on owner or admin .
convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string .
tests that the alpha value is recognized and correctly applied in the process of compositing images together .
sync renderer modules from from salt : / / _ renderers to the master saltenv : base
locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x
clean up the metric module .
check that the webapp can become premium .
inject a search after save checkbox in the twitter search query form
move a host from old switch to new switch
returns the expired status , invalid status , and user of a password reset token .
the fraction of words assigned to _ topic _ that equal _ word _
validate the configuration and returns a tomato scanner .
only load if the bigip exec module is available in _ _ salt _ _
home a gcode linear move file .
plot the six mnist images separately .
utility method for ssh , socks , put and get command .
returns a list of ipv6 subnets to which the host belongs
waits for a task to be completed .
test the search _ around _ * methods
checks if host of given url has timed out within wait _ time
get all configured iis bindings for the specified site .
generate a salt for the specified method .
base class for get direct account and container .
return a context manager that raises resourcedenied when various issues with the internet connection manifest themselves as exceptions .
returns an equivalent set of clauses
extract the repository components from the provided tuple in a backward - compatible manner .
render the diff between this screen and the previous screen .
wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
returns info about current mobile connection
the same like post _ save _ user , but for group , required only when
this function performs the boolean document probability estimation .
save the register to msgpack files
return the list of owner ids in this regions security groups .
output all pairwise interactions of given order of a sequence of terms .
implement numpys allclose on tensors .
returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption .
instantiates a variable and returns it .
returns true if a model _ class is installed .
construct polynomials from expressions .
returns feincms _ page for request .
returns characteristics of the network device .
add single entry to schemaentries by invoking add _ entry .
ravel the dimensions after the first .
creates new instances module : ansiblemodule object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object
date / time format according to iso 8601
callback decorator to require http auth .
attaches an argument to the command .
start the qt4 event loop in a consistent manner .
get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 .
staff levels controller
context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
nest context managers and / or override env variables .
use libnacl to generate a private key
execute a single low data call
unpack the data to a usable format .
re - create the v2 endpoints table based on v3 endpoints .
sort key for tree entry .
compute the generalized degree for nodes .
weighted projection of b with a user - specified weight function .
check to see if vm needs to ask a question , throw exception
invalidates the cms page cache .
test channel - picking functionality .
start workers waiting for data .
return the reader class from the reader _ name module .
return the pdf operator to paint a path in the following way : fill : fill the path with the fill color stroke : stroke the outline of the path with the line color
fetches a list of all networks for a tenant
returns the path to the given object .
return the entire source file and starting line number for an object .
read the inverse operator decomposition from a fif file .
install specified windows updates .
write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
returns true if a parsed result is successful
if we find csm _ properties ( csm ) , then we can replace that with the args directly .
checks mapping data for mimarks sampleids , unique ids , fasta file names
compute the phase of the frequency spectrum of x * .
register a new kind of scale .
returns a quality object based on canonical quality name .
detects landmarks in the file located in google cloud storage .
used to regenerate the minion keys .
insert all data from records
checks if a vserver exists
make request parameters right .
return a context manager used by captured _ stdout / stdin / stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream * stream _ name * with a stringio .
for new projects , spaces - only are strongly recommended over tabs .
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
return the current mode .
convert a legacy write result to write commmand format .
use the platform module for as much as we can .
extract region from read name .
translates bytes into a human repr .
dispatch an ajax action to an xblock usage _ key _ string : the usage _ key _ string - id of the block to dispatch to , passed through quote _ slashes handler : the handler to execute suffix : the remainder of the url to be passed to the handler
removes the named header from the list of headers .
updates a postgres user .
loads a dictionary of path = > last modified timestamp mappings , as persisted by : func : ~ stem . descriptor . reader . save _ processed _ files , from a file .
parses the command - line .
checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
cache translation objects in given languages to the objects in one fell swoop .
return the current date in the current time zone .
takes an image object and returns a numpy array
validate that the labels added and removed obey gmails semantics - -
actually report measurements to google analytics .
create sets with both the default and user - defined variables .
runs timing study on arguments .
get the actual file path of fileorpath if its a fileupload object .
get security groups to which the instance is assigned .
extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column .
a ^ b , where a is an integer or real , and b an integer
read 32bit float from bti file .
reflect the native lists contents into the python object .
display the users play history
run a web annotation request on the image .
comprehensive details for an individual place .
rounds number to the given number of digits .
add or remove tags ids to / from html document
returns * * module def * * name of given doctype .
import a module ; handle errors ; return none if the module isnt found .
formats the yaml table string for opentype name tables
create a fake user .
this returns the argument part of sys . argv in the most appropriate form for processing .
returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
simple command - line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
ensemble of problems .
jmxfetch main entry point
create a static help entry in the help database .
adds versioned mysql comment before each keyword
return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves .
decodes a polyline string into a list of lat / lng dicts .
computes the heightmap array for a chunk , which stores the lowest y - coordinate of each column where the sunlight is still at full strength .
set transparent _ torification variable .
computes the approximate hessian determinant over an image .
take the output of bundle _ to _ joblist , and further simplify it may collapsing multiple steps of a job into a single one where possible .
create a group .
cc - establishment confirmed section 9 . 3 . 17b
expected explicit _ no _ context _ _ doc _ _
load only on mac os
parse the arguments and start the main process .
keeps only requested number of taxa .
executes the java program defined by the classpath and main .
get all instance groups for the given cluster .
return an items name .
return alf _ exceptions information from osquery
creates or returns the target at targets [ target _ name ] .
parse the pfctl state output s , to look up the destination host matching the client .
get the dictionary without the keys in the list .
return a testcase which tests that record _ type . _ _ init _ _ accepts the supplied kwargs and exposes them as public attributes .
set or unset extra _ spec for a flavor .
linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
revert a previous resize .
information about the registered service .
the master combiner , used to combine dictionaries of options with appropriate sub - combiners .
helper function for _ instantiate that handles objects of the proxy class .
get the faces .
create and link a path object .
return true if the provided user has admin role , false otherwise .
add a new firewall rule
find the new grayscale level for a region using bilinear interpolation .
assert error response has the expected status _ code and kwargs .
creates the ast node for calling the _ _ xonsh _ pathsearch _ _ ( ) function .
solves quadratic diophantine equations .
renders the login page .
converts a 1 - dimensional bbox array to an image - like 3 - dimensional array chw array
parses a variety of date formats into a 9 - tuple in gmt
returns a list of module names used by py . test that should be included by cx _ freeze .
wait for a job to return .
verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the
return the connected user .
hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode
notification on merge failure .
test if task result yields changed
set a key in etcd only if the watch statement calls it .
get a remote branch to diff against in a local checkout .
tries to find an element with given css class with an explicit timeout .
power server off
return the compressor matching fileobj .
fit a single binary estimator .
enables the named privilege for this process .
decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet .
set environ locale vars used in nikola tests
create a sha1 digest credential
checks the offset in document list is an integer within range .
delete cached file if present .
get all the data files that should be included in this distutils project .
removes a handler from the ask system .
checks if an executable exists in $ path .
compute the of * val * divided by the constant positive * divisor * .
compute shortest path lengths and predecessors on shortest paths in weighted graphs .
normalize and validate the user - supplied kernel dimensions .
test extraction of label time courses from stc
helper function to plot on sensor layout .
return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored .
load quicksort lazily , to avoid circular imports accross the jit ( ) global .
find the missing number in shuffled list
return the argument specification of functions in salt returner modules .
create extractor from a regular expression .
appends a random " bottlecap " phrase from the wiki page .
tests datetimes are left intact if use _ tz is not in effect .
generates the binary partition of n .
this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore .
return expected path of a lets encrypt live cert
normalizes the troubleshooting data from question .
only load if the deb _ postgres module is present
check a symbolic mathematical expression using sympy .
course grading policy configuration
open or view a saved playlist by number .
similar to get _ subordinate _ users , but returns queryset of groups instead of users .
figure out the platform name and atomic group name for the given host object .
parse uid string .
return libxml2 doc for htmls
generates the list column headers .
convert cell range string in a1 notation to numeric row / col pair .
safely converts a string to a unicode representation on any
return the immediate children of a given vhd .
run the work ( ) method from the class instance in the file " job - instance . pickle " .
returns the active request instance .
get the min .
polynomial exact pseudo - quotient in k [ x ] .
install a dism capability
injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
guess which db package to use to open a db file .
from " writing jobs " at URL
this normalizes a list / tensor into a list .
test verifying user using verify _ user function
confirm dnspython is available .
use python to download the file , even though it cannot authenticate the connection .
prints the iam policy for the given subscription .
finds all the modules below a package .
outputs a whole load of debugging information , including the current context and imported modules .
get the intermediate location between begin and end .
return matching completions from a list of candidate files
transforms params to induce stationarity / invertability .
decorator for all exceptions that want to set exception class meta - data .
inverts a binary tree .
remove the given dir .
compute the trimmed variance
stop all active patches .
check for imports in alphabetical order .
read everything out of file from the top and clear it out
format a figure as a pixel - doubled png
return true if the given resource exists
constructs and returns the manager entrypoint flow .
returns the * * class * * object of the given doctype .
return a list of for all function definition2 found in * code * .
jinja2 macro list column formatter .
given an otu map file handle , summarizes the sizes of the otus
remove items matching query from lib .
set the root password to admin _ passwd admin _ password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
delete from the cursor to the end of line and yank back .
just returns the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string .
returns a tuple representing the width ( x ) and the height ( x ) in characters of the terminal window .
return an enum member by name .
tries to make a time out of the value .
install a postgresql extension
receive a file descriptor from a l { send1msg } message on the given c { af _ unix } socket .
given the path of a socket file , returns a tuple .
surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters .
rejection region for binomial tost
add plugins and the parent to the menu .
combine together updates from various sources for rbm training .
write text at current cursor position and interpret color escapes .
returns the directory extracted by the tarball .
rebuild the internal timezone info in dateutil / zoneinfo / zoneinfo * tar * filename is the timezone tarball from ftp . iana . org / tz .
return none instead of nan to pass jquery 1 . 4s strict json
encrypt data with the cipher .
returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices .
build the genesis block .
decorator wrapper for salt . utils . which _ bin
decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin
return the test matrix from experiment ( 1 ) of [ 1 ] _ .
add a markdown cell to the notebook
returns true if and only if nodes is an independent set in g .
returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them
a copy of sphinx . directives . cmdoptiondesc . parse _ signature ( )
convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . extract _ tests on the given path .
compare two sequences of lines ; generate the delta as a unified diff .
returns a formatted string for the non - zero items of a changes dictionary .
yield all registered field classes .
returns a json objecting representing the status of a job
renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target
command : data error
return a mongodb connection object
prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives .
clear the entity cache .
simple wrapper for smart _ urlquote .
derive aggregate statistics from wps endpoint
creates request to be sent to auth server to get an oauth request token .
checks for simplifications that can be made , returning a tuple of the simplified list of terms and any terms generated by simplification .
return a dict of comment _ id36 - > qa score
create a finite random variable representing a fair die .
calculate the total loss on a single tower running the cifar model .
tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia .
returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
this function converts a date to a month number .
given an argument , returns a set of types contained in arg that are unpassable .
move to specific position all or specified cover .
sets the urlconf for the current thread .
take command string for manage commands
find zeros of ordinary bessel polynomial of order n , by root - finding of modified bessel function of the second kind
change forum access of user .
run all of the tests when run as a module with - m .
make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal
parse the location line of a stack trace .
completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth .
create an opener object from a list of handlers .
a page to mimic commonplaces fxa - authorize page to handle login .
anonymously gets issue : number on : owner / : repository .
returns the response that should be used for any given exception .
return the singleton screen object .
write a bem model with solution .
add a job to the schedule
since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background
this function prepares a dataframe for ros .
convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query .
start state from a dask
check if the given xblock is a credit requirement .
checks if a string is a valid format for being a hidden service address .
enforce use of asserttrue / assertfalse .
generate a single line of the graph g in adjacency list format .
ensure the elb exists .
try to merge the branch of pr num into current branch
this is a compatibility function that takes a c { float } and converts it to an
this is used to implement approximations using series that are quite common in numpys source code to improve precision when the magnitude of the arguments is small .
a helper function for expm _ 2009 .
a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow , otherwise it cannot be run
create a platform specific source package from the given platform spec / control file and sources
event handler for a socket session ending in a room .
builder for rebulk object .
retrieves single volume type by id .
print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
convert runlevel to systemd target .
zip a directory tree into a bytesio object
convert argument to datetime .
coerce value to an int , if set or not nullable .
collect additive terms of an expression .
prints a representation of an object with certain attributes .
creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
check if argument is float
upload all images in request . files .
convert a string of key / value items to a dict .
configure syslog remote logging , by default syslog will automatically be enabled if a server is specified .
deletes a journalist or administrator from the application .
returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string , including the version number , whether the version is a release candidate , and the c api version .
determine the standard keyword arguments to pass to list ( ) method .
instantiate and return the readout with the given slug .
return a string version of the value .
iterate over the phylogenetic trees in a phyloxml file .
creates a message describing an unhandled exception .
checks whether user can push translation repository .
print the usage information .
the convex hull surrounding the points contained in the list of entities .
filter out private items in an access token dict .
waits for sigint and exits normally
queues an email to the sales team .
get or set the * y * - limits of the current tick locations and labels .
cleanse an individual setting key / value of sensitive content .
memset on the device .
remove all empty folders inside path
power of proportions equivalence test based on normal distribution
used to decode the json encoded response .
runs pygal programs and returns image data
retrieve values for the provided key names .
return * true * if all elements of * seq * compare equal .
represent 3 dimensions in a heatmap chart using x , y , and values .
repack loose files in a repository .
maps pupil to gaze data , can run various plug - ins .
load checks from all yaml files in the specified directories .
does a cpu throttling for lesser cpu consumption
given a url with authentication components , extract them into a tuple of username , password .
swaps two columns of a csc / csr matrix in - place .
set _ _ loader _ _ on the returned module .
deserialize a stream or a string .
return the version used in documentation .
return cassandra node info
execute a runner function .
change the uid for a named user
opens a wordpress xml file , and yield pelican fields
create a list of : class : ~ subliminal . tasks . listtask from one or more paths using the given criteria
return a sphinx . .
handle the reply save signal .
converts the given fields and tuple values into a standardized iterables value .
create a channel .
get the top documents by visits .
incorrect implementation of the ten function .
deletes a comment .
return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray
add switches for a single option to the given parser .
tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder .
stop the named container path path to the container parent directory default : / var / lib / lxc . .
load home page
display a box confirming the installation of https .
get filter widgets for human resources
sorts the gates while keeping track of commutation relations
given unary functions f and g , return a function that computes f ( g ( x ) )
compute single trial tfrs , either itc , power or raw tfr .
uses a sliding window of partitions to count coverages .
convert a string , to unicode .
numerical gradient checking of loss functions .
ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes .
an idempotent version of os . makedirs ( ) .
returns the current logged in user
check for a match in a dictionary using a delimiter character to denote levels of subdicts , and also allowing the delimiter character to be matched .
loads data into database from db _ fixtures
synchronously run a python script , with the same python interpreter that ran the process calling this function , using l { popen } , using the given command - line arguments , with standard input and standard error both redirected to l { os . devnull } , and return its output as a string .
computes the l operation on f wrt to wrt evaluated at points given in eval _ points .
for a given course _ id , generate a html report containing the survey results for a course .
return true if the named service is available .
return true if the provided dev _ ip and dev _ port are among the ip addresses specified in my _ ips and my _ port respectively .
this will return the rules for laying out the questions for the given section within the template .
return the name used by the locale for the specified currency .
checks if subversions svnadmin is available locally .
download all submissions from all selected sources .
trailer : lpar arglist rpar
get response for when transport = cli .
returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer .
parse files in the style of main . cf .
return true if the htpasswd file exists , the user has an entry , and their password matches .
given an unpadded , non - aligned numeric string body and sign string sign , add padding and alignment conforming to the given format specifier dictionary spec .
calculate core = core _ t ( n ) of a positive integer n core _ 2 ( n ) is equal to the squarefree part of n
run the nnet2 function on 1 or 2 devices , and compares the results .
helper for processing annotation types from protobuf .
solve system of n non linear equations with m variables , which means both under and overdetermined systems are supported .
uses feeder to read and convert from in _ stream and write to out _ stream .
only load if boto is available .
creates an entry in the requested / cachedir .
restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued , for " reset " action button
traverse the profile xml dom looking for either
return true if the leading number is negative .
generate a random colour as a tuple and optionally print it
update the instance extra record by instance uuid
execute a batch of a stack of n - dimensional convolutions .
try to determine the version from the parent directory name .
get the inputs into a theano variables
push series information into database .
add / remove vlans from arista switch in an idempotent manner
list directory contents , using cache .
return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
attempt to drop privileges if required .
packs the elements of a binary - valued array into bits in a uint8 array .
returns the applicable component templates that can be used by the specified course or library .
check if the uri is over ssl .
signal that this template extends a parent template .
convert all files in a directory to apache mod _ asis files in another directory .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
return the applications base uri
upgrade the database - for mysql , this assumes that / root / . my . cnf is configured on both test & prod to allow root to have access to the mysql db without needing - u root - p
return the full url to jquery file to use
return true if a wildcard character appears in the database name .
launch the rename branch dialogs .
determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection ,
returns an instance of the specified identity class , or if none is specified , an instance of the current setting for identity _ class .
turns on debug logging for http traffic .
converts the given object to a timezone aware datetime object .
returns a path to postgresql socket file to monitor .
decorator that catches : exc : processingexceptions and subsequently returns a json - ified error response .
calculate a sha256 checksum .
return a list of all python - like extensions
the second heuristic uses the following two assumptions on xi and eta . .
parse an http comma separated header with items of the form a = 1 , b = " xxx " into a dictionary
return a name of the group with write permissions to pack directory .
load a template from the script _ templates directory
main entry point for module execution
imports the modules for a sequence of plugin names .
helper for djangos reverse in templates .
look up or create a subreddit and return it .
connect to juniper device using pyez .
add metedata next to a node
return alf _ explicit _ auths information from osquery
setup the supervisord platform .
wrapper to track subscribers for test teardowns .
read a file into a string
handle the socks4 handshake .
return information for the specified user
plot source power in time - freqency grid .
send the currently buffered request and clear the buffer .
save data to a diskfile
represent the time , open , high , low , close as a vertical line ranging from low to high .
return a reversed list of changesets in the repository changelog up to and including the included _ upper _ bounds _ changeset _ revision .
analyse zip file and create job ( s ) .
get priceful from given item .
minify json files .
return a list of the email addresses found in text
checks if the schema version of the solr server is compatible with this ckan version .
combine the revision nav links
test that we are strict about tail paramete .
remove from store , if transcripts content exists .
updates the snmp configuration .
returns the message of the day .
reads the inventory from cache or abiquo api
parse a content - type and return a tuple containing : - the content _ type string minus any swift _ bytes param , - the swift _ bytes value or none if the param was not found
logs a message at the info level
contrast or restriction matrix for all against mean comparison
get environment object from prefix
generate form from the model .
returns the scene numbering , as retrieved from xem .
return a loose lxml element having the tag specified by * nsptag _ str * .
return an installed tool _ shed _ repository database record that is defined by either the current changeset revision or the installed _ changeset _ revision .
helper for l { certificate . peerfromtransport } and
retrieve a section from an ini file .
find files matching file _ regex
identify sets of values to use in insert statements for a list of states .
inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed .
summarize the model
context manager for writing utf - 8 json data to response
create the temp directory for w3af to work inside .
avoid extraneous whitespace .
tweak matplotlib visual style
check if partition is mounted
create a read - write memory mapped region on file f .
delete a policy version .
open a browser to view the specified location .
register a named path - ie , a named pythonpath entry .
helper function to get rid of feedparser bs with a deep copy .
return the latest stable release of letsencrypt .
a wrapper for a value to return if its none .
a cmdclass that works around a setuptools deficiency .
add path to the array group .
saves the promo image for obj to its final destination .
main program function .
linux hosts using systemd 207 or later ignore / etc / sysctl . conf and only load from / etc / sysctl . d / * . conf .
return a numeric array that represents the vertex list of the molecular surface .
ask for a value of the given configuration item .
return c + + code for a function that reduces a contiguous buffer .
attempts to solve " unknown error 132 " common with rtl8187 devices .
get current value of a config key
auto definition of scm and hook installation .
simple notification using text argument .
creates an index on specified columns in table _ name
validates a file against a md5 hash .
extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
parse otu map file into a sparse dict { : count }
pure python approximation of partial ( )
helper function to convert a string representing a base and a policy .
creates the roi _ % s . nii . gz files using the given parcellation information from networks .
return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
an argument type ( for use with the type = argument to argparse . argumentparser . add _ argument which determines if the argument is an existing directory .
expansive string formatting for sequence types .
th cell of the diff matrix will have the number of inputs for which the input and output pattern differ by i bits and the cells activated differ at j places .
run the actual gem command .
set the named curve flag on the ec _ key .
enforces strict ordering against a reply _ channel .
a simple method that runs a managementutility .
writes the flv header and the metadata to stream
records the given action by sending it to the metrics servers .
stop and terminate an instance .
writes a file to disk
composes a regextokenizer with a lower case filter , an optional stop filter , and a stemming filter .
print warning to screen
a view which just raises an exception , simulating a broken view .
goes up in the graph and returns true if a node in nodes is found .
list instructor tasks .
set up a database to use .
jacobian of normal loglikelihood wrt mean mu and variance sigma2
return an override dict .
generate a secret key for flask applications and store it in the database .
creates a super moderator user .
determine whether versions are compatible .
given the hostname and an untrusted url to redirect to , this method tests it to make sure it isnt garbage / harmful and returns it , else returns none , similar as hows it done on django . contrib . auth . views .
return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 .
which job titles ( s ) the person is active with
compute the inverse of a matrix .
build arbitrarily deep networks .
if spyder has a translation available for the locale language , it will return the version provided by spyder adjusted for language subdifferences , otherwise it will return default _ language .
return dict where keys are lines in the line number table .
registers config option interaction to be checked by set _ by _ cli .
dark cloud cover
get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
expected simple _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
raise internalredirect or httpredirect to the given url .
generate tests for each provider
import and return a module of the given name .
returns a service ressource or none
checks if the configuration variables are valid .
wrapper for allowing delivery of . load command via pm
returns old api name for new name .
find the roots of a cubic b - spline .
determine if the filename argument is an allowable type for a filename .
look for the vdis that are attached to the vm .
synchronously mount a filesystem .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
check if the given path can be synced locally .
preprocesses the given image .
takes a list of names and counts like those output from read _ names , and makes an iterator yielding a batch _ size by num _ steps array of random names separated by an end of name token .
merge two utf grid objects .
export a series in rtf format
make a call that returns multiple times .
process a list of arguments using quotecmdexeargument .
request the given url and return the response page , using the cookie jar .
authenticates to an open control socket .
unpack an ipv4 address that was mapped in a compressed ipv6 address .
transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq .
there should be a space after the # of block comments .
context manager that acquires a lock on a directory .
turn a list of dicts like we store in es into one big dict .
flat to matrix
training controller - unfiltered version
handle a ratingform submission and redirect back to its related object .
decorator for checking if python - redis is available .
creates an iterator that returns modelinfo elements for the given modelids
modify priority by nice and ionice .
converts a timestamp + tz _ offset into an aware datetime instance .
returns a sqlalchemy engine from a uri else it just return con without modifying it
load configuration from ini .
parses mail and returns resulting timestamp .
notify an event
enable all scheduled jobs on the minion
test with pandas dataframe - > label comes from data [ " col " ] . name
plot topographic maps of specific time points of evoked data .
computes minimum cost spanning tree in a undirected , connected graph using kruskals mst .
send a message over xmpp .
unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
utility method to write a string into a filesystem file .
check the output of the cmd . run _ all function call .
return a dictionary containing data about the given movieid ; if fromaka is true , the akatitle table is searched ; _ table is reserved for the imdbpy2sql . py script .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
returns all the permissions the user has in the given course .
helper for morphing .
create vm from file
apply property level validation to value .
run a web server in a child process .
get nearest location from a point to the edge of a set of triangles .
makes the already - existing environment use relative paths , and takes out the # ! - based environment selection in scripts .
return a " hot factor " score for a links hot tuple .
generate a standard table alias name .
redirect function for compatibilty with qiime
check if a doctype exists or if we have some tags .
returns an rrset containing the txt _ records as the result of a dns query for name .
open a file in a safe way and return : exc : httpresponse with status code 200 , 305 , 401 or 404 .
perform a query against aws services using signature version 2 signing
returns the string with camelcase converted to underscores , e . g . , decamel = > " tom - de - smedt " decamel = > " get _ http _ response2 "
splashes the frame of clip corresponding to time t .
detach a managed policy to a group .
shallow copy operation on arbitrary python objects .
check whether ver is greater or equal to min _ ver
register a reader function .
creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
turn a nested list structure into an s - exp - like string .
embed and start an ipython kernel in a given scope .
read header from pdf file .
latex document generator visit handler
approximate block start
remove a user from the minion
finds the longest run of value in seq .
returns a wsgi - compatible function from a webpy - function .
add attributes to a destination object which points to methods from from a source object .
just return any wmi date
writes debug data to error stream
function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a
accepts a tuple of arrays t .
transform an array with one flattened image per row , into an array in which images are reshaped and layed out like tiles on a floor .
draws i with probability p [ i ]
mutually partition and align dataframe blocks
returns a video clip that is a resized version of the clip .
get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
create a new bench
given an iterator , separates the iterator into a list of iterators , each broken into a discrete size .
print the given message to stderr .
return the composite index definition yaml needed for a query .
take inputs with actions attached out of the list of exclusions .
get a listing of objects for the container .
return a dict mapping otu identifier to dict of otu metadata lines : file handle or list of lines - format should be : otu _ id metadata entry 1 metadata entry 2 . . .
convert a 4 - tuple help _ options list as found in various command classes to the 3 - tuple form required by fancygetopt .
use func to transform expr at the given level .
seasonal plot of quarterly data
takes output from git log - - oneline and extracts bug numbers .
validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic .
displays news about all objects a user is subscribed to
release date as returned by musicbrainz may contain the full date but it may as well be just year - month or even just the year .
returns partial topic matches
for non - critical debug output to stderr .
masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy .
print the message to stderr , it will be prefixed with warning :
get all available log format names and ids .
list all version - specific tmux configuration files
this decorator should obviously be used only in a dev environment .
convert seconds to milliseconds , but return none for none .
get error on invalid dhcp _ option _ id lookup
create files required to build an rpm in the build directory .
return a list of the vms id image size state private _ ips public _ ips
calculates and plots normal and accumulated gc skew .
copy source file into . sources dir .
looks to see if zfs is present on the system
get vector3 by float list .
a convenience method for making a dist given just a name and version .
parse the implicit token response uri into a dict .
flatten a nested dictionary
remove all mine contents of minion .
like the httpbin _ secure fixture , but without the make - ca - trusted - by - default
return a list of pipeline objects that compose the pipeline pipeline _ objects _ from _ pillars
write a sound file from an array with the sound and the sampling rate y : floating point array of one dimension , fs : sampling rate filename : name of file to create
constructs an asset id that has a leading 4 - byte encoded timestamp , which may be reversed .
reboot the system delay : int
swap byte between big and little endian of a 16 bits integer .
return logged _ in _ users information from osquery
copy mode bits from src to dst
calculate the phase used by sweep _ poly to generate its output .
converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring .
populate a small db with some example entries .
returns the cosine similarity of the given vectors .
returns an array with evenly - spaced values on a log - scale .
same as a * = b .
sends the requester to a redirected path .
convert tuple into a qkeyevent instance
this will import and yield modules whose names start with test _ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
internal function for isolation positive roots up to given precision .
starts all tasks and checks the results .
internal function to load a module from a single app .
remove given tenant from the volume type access list .
return the apply nodes of the graph between inputs and outputs .
this function returns filename without its extension .
logical _ and _ expression : inclusive _ or _ expression
convert a word to its camelcase version and remove invalid chars > > > string _ camelcase lostpound > > > string _ camelcase missingimages
load a python module from its name .
if the user is masquerading as belonging to a group , then this method returns two values : the id of the group , and the id of the user partition that the group belongs to .
return the modjk version
get mri header using nibabel .
decorator for parameterized test w . r . t .
estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc = 0 .
writes a certificate file to the specified location .
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
process a shipment
open a file and return its content as unicode .
assign a 5 - item fingerprint to each symbol in the equation : # of times it appeared as a symbol , # of times it appeared as a not , # of times it appeared as a symbol in an and or or , # of times it appeared as a not in an and or or , sum of the number of arguments with which it appeared , counting symbol as 1 and not as 2 > > > from sympy . logic . boolalg import _ finger as finger > > > from sympy import and , or , not > > > from sympy . abc import a , b , x , y > > > eq = or ( and ( not ( y ) , a ) , and ( not ( y ) , b ) , and ) > > > dict ( finger ) { : [ x ] , : [ a , b ] , : [ y ] }
register the various igroupform instances .
create a subnet on a specified network .
calculate score from an episode _ batch . json file
get all definitions in source sorted by its position .
sum outerproduct dot over individuals where x _ i is , and result is reshape - dot version , for x . ndim = 1 only
decorator to mark a validator method for a bokeh error condition
restores the original template loaders after
get the hardware address on unix by running ip .
return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent .
test that eventplot produces the correct output given the default params
decrypt and return data with aes cbc .
get warning statistics .
determine the dev prefix for a disk bus .
returns the real stream name of a synonym .
instances created via opsworks should be discoverable via ec2
make a tracking function that logs what happened .
returns a list of pdus to send the provided text to the given recipient .
construct a counting graph from a set of input files .
return the local number of pixels .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
parse the header into a key - value .
load the database settings from ini file .
get current numeric timezone offset from uct
this will re - run current python script requesting to elevate administrative rights .
function decorator implementing retrying logic .
destroy a node .
accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values , and returns a full gecos comment string , to be used with pw usermod .
parse out the snmp version and community string
creates a matcher instance for an application configuration file .
while the dig lookup plugin supports anything which dnspython supports out of the box , the following supported _ types list describes which
retrieve all the userroleassignmentdb objects for a particular user .
use source field to set organization account
read csv file and return as list of list
helper function that returns a decorator .
intended for internal post calls , this method is not rate limited , authentication is not checked and pre - request events are not raised .
make the given instance transient .
joins a list with a string , like pythons str . join .
attempt to restore the required classes to the _ ast module if it appears to be missing them
matplotlib provides a number of colormaps , and others can be added using
unpickle a value
returns the scope of the address .
determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection .
displays the date hierarchy for date drill - down functionality .
ascii string rendering of the sentence along with its targets and frame names .
parse a file with test values - - starts a comment blank lines , or lines containing only a comment , are ignored other lines are expected to have the form id fn arg - > expected [ flag ]
returns a list of breadcrumb objects for a path .
fetches the suggestion for the given thread .
pressing ctrl - q or ctrl - c will exit the user interface .
returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types .
update bokeh plots in a jupyter notebook output cells with new data or property values .
return lists of articles specific for the given language , or the default one if the language is not known .
decorator for tests that fill the address space .
only return if all the modules are available
return first element of iterable that evaluates true , else return none .
lists the valid shells on this system via the / etc / shells file . .
remove everything : build dir , installers , bootstrap dirs , etc . . .
load a wsgi app from a pastedeploy configuration .
return registered adapter for a given class and interface .
simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected , for whatever reason .
decode character string in the series / index using indicated encoding .
split a pathname .
the following is refactored out of hook - sysconfig and hook - distutils , both of which need to generate " datas " tuples for pyconfig . h and
get the profile base file name synonym .
returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order .
redirects stdout / stderr to files .
returns successful and changes is not empty . .
check if dipy is available
run pseudo - random generation algorithm .
get the current start and end times for the maintenance state .
write contents to file at path
this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file .
negative penalized log - likelihood functions .
only load the module if iwconfig is installed
returns a datastructure based on the result of the api call
gradient function for the variablelstm op .
start a tls server on the given port .
upload a public key
randomly select in each individual and exchange each subtree with the point as root between each individual .
gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory .
check if an apache site is enabled .
find the stack frame of the caller so that we can note the source file name , line number and function name .
remaining unattacked places on the board remaining queens to place remaining rows , cols , diag , gaid free
turn any string into an identifier : - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _ xx _ - append _ if the result is a python keyword
implement slice assignment for arrays .
issue delete statements for a list of objects .
handles translation and stores it to a backend .
return a stream for a file with content with normalized line feeds .
replace a number with its hexadecimal representation .
build wheels for python dependencies .
compute the windowdiff score for a pair of segmentations .
run command with arguments .
migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver .
extract title from file contents , last resource .
actually load the region / endpoint information from the json files .
given a tools parameter definition and a specific set of parameter input _ values objects , populate incoming with the html values .
updates a composite index after prompting the user .
exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution
perform normalized graph cut on the region adjacency graph .
true if contains any sip or image distortion components .
testing synthetic is _ defined variables
read the contents of a specific string index
test drawing transformed rectpolygons using rectpolygonvisual
a shell - like rm , supporting wildcards .
helper function for : func : _ dup _ decompose .
determine whether an event should be logged , based on the result of
compute the free - energy of the sample h1 _ sample , for model p _ k .
generate a collection , a collectionaddon and a featuredcollection for the given addon related to the optional app .
checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not .
add server groups to a activation key
create a new library instance from the configuration .
main entry point for module execution
transform all has nodes into eq nodes .
check whether any experiments failed in our latest hypersearch
skip a testcase instance if openpyxl > = 2 . 2
write a binary sff file to an output file , in fasta format .
get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree .
try to create a store _ fs where pootle _ path and store . pootle _ path dont match .
compare two wiki document revisions .
test subunit output to console
give each test a sexy header .
unify chunks across a sequence of arrays
return a sorted headerelement list from a comma - separated header string .
upgrade any int types to float32 or float64 to avoid losing precision .
return whether or not the request . user can delete reviews .
draw parameter values .
wait for a certain status from packet .
decorator for methods : : class a : def x : if self . _ x : self . _ x = 10 return self . _ x
estimate the total number of entities .
convenience function for authentication
creates an operation poller from the passed in operation .
set the * y * axis label of the current axis to * s * .
check to see if policy exists .
compute student profile information for a course and upload the
read and print the sound header of a named file .
pass in the mnt dict returned from nbd _ mount to unmount and disconnect the image from nbd .
returns a 2 - d identity array .
hac independent of categorical group membership
api to handle webhooks from bitbucket
install a package with apt - get .
get the doc string or comments for an object .
lists wiki documents with errors
return true if could be considered as a builtin defined by python
handle special case of cf algorithm when f is homogeneous .
add intersections of the loops with the x segment .
returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events
f 3 doc
sorts a list of courses by their announcement date .
handle commands from user
configures an explicit audio output device .
lock decorator for volume operations .
generate a uuid from the sha - 1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
call available post - op methods sequentially .
write a freesurfer annotation to a . annot file .
try to bind a socket on the given host : port and return true if that has been possible .
statement _ list : statement _ list statement
if the interactive window is visible , hide it , otherwise show it .
checks for additional blank line issues related to sections .
register a csw service , then step through results
an analytic function representing experiment results
get the unique installation id for this shuup instance .
remove identity nodes from an execution graph
get the vsan enabled status for a given host or a list of host _ names .
group dataframe by index
get the next integer with width * nbits * .
poor excuse for an event notification helper .
checks if proc information is available on this platform .
clear objects connected to the label image border .
returns a serialization statement for the given structure type .
print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi
a decorator for binary special methods to handle _ op _ priority .
replacement for pickle . dump ( ) using forkingpickler .
opens filename using systems default program .
extract version information from the given file .
formats log data in list of lines for writing log _ data : dict of barcode , added _ demultiplex : sequence counts seq _ counts : total counts of sequences demultiplexed mapping _ file : filepath to metadata mapping file .
calculated the best - paths by comparing as - path lengths .
if no window has been created , this will be the executed mainloop .
smooth the data in x using convolution with a window of requested size and type .
return the template for language .
return a dictionary mapping routes to bokeh applications built using single handlers , for specified files or directories .
translate a mountpoint like / dev / sdc into a numeric .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
retry all caught exceptions .
returns the course id .
validate command line options and display error message if requirements are not met .
returns the media url given a partial path .
helper function that returns a decorator .
calculate statistics about the cache .
prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure .
default implementation of sudo .
merge data from a given node with the aggregate of all data from past scanned nodes .
manage a private keys existence .
loads a template from disk .
initialize the command completion model .
return a set of all block _ types for the supplied descriptors and for the asides types in aside _ types associated with those descriptors .
parse time spec with optional s / m / h / d / w suffix
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups - needed for adding questions to a template
preprocess and compile the regular expressions in routes _ app / in / out
return true if obj is iterable with a well - defined len ( ) .
return all files in a file / directory tree .
updating a users password logs out all sessions for the user .
get the vmotion enabled status for a given host or a list of host _ names .
initialize the style transfer backend .
return list of matched regular files for glob
return the nodes in the component of graph containing node n .
apply html markup to the given description .
getterminalsize ( ) - get width and height of console - works on linux , os x , windows , cygwin originally retrieved from : URL # noqa
integration of nonlinear monomials with no specials .
records a exploration by a given user in a given collection context as having been played .
edit an existing widget on the dashboard
univariate series expansion of the nth root of p .
find the first where on earth id for the given query .
read the next text format message from the specified file .
used by eglob .
returns true if given filepath starts with a windows drive letter > > > iswindowsdriveletterpath
select a proxy for the url , if applicable .
read text from file
strip block comments , line comments , empty lines , verbose statements , and debug statements from a powershell source file .
return all contents of an xml tree , without the outside tags .
restores a previous backup into the cassandra directory structure from a tar ball .
wrapper for cos from math . h
helper function to process all admx files in the specified policy _ def _ path and build a single xml doc that we can search / use for admx policy processing
updates an existing discount code , shipping , and tax when the cart is modified .
set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ .
get chunk sections that are relevant to the given render - tile .
compute a label from the non - zero sources in an stc object .
install conda package ( s ) .
given left and right are two consecutive devices in a valid device chain , returns the appropriate browser filter type for valid devices fitting between them .
count understemmed and overstemmed pairs for pair with common words .
a wait callback useful to allow gevent to work with psycopg .
return the url to the review board manual for this version .
build an interface script for a network interface .
attempt to resolve a missing reference via intersphinx references .
remove the extension
explained variance regression score function
transfer file ( s ) to a remote host using scp .
do any work necessary to prepare a jid , including sending a custom id
common code for cholesky ( ) and cho _ factor ( ) .
set the audio output level , parameter between 0 and 7
get pci devices allocated to instance .
adds a lookup on cls when a related field is defined using a string ,
display detailed series information , ie . series show name
convert a range string into a tuple of boundaries :
get the y intersection inside the y segment if it does , else none .
this op scale or inverse the gradient in the backpropagation .
copy a portion of a stream from one file - like object to another .
deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it .
return true if the value is supported , false otherwise
get loader class by name / alias
helper for tests that need the xxmodule . c source file .
url encode a dict / multidict .
check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the
removes a vlan to network association
return counts of values in array x .
returns an md5 hash for a filename .
this is a helper method for specifically getting the version string of a mysql database .
when limiting worker to a specific queue , also append queue name to default worker name
return an import statement in the form : from package import name _ leafs
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
list entrance exam related instructor tasks .
return an iterator over all matches in the string .
performs lint checks and reports any errors to the given error function .
returns problem configuration .
return a list of subplotspec from the given list of axes .
create a directory over at the remote repository
abstract _ declarator : direct _ abstract _ declarator
helper function to load data .
convert class labels from scalars to one - hot vectors .
generate version information files .
takes a pattern and returns an audio buffer that encodes that pattern
return the first line of the given string
sharedvariable constructor for gpuarraytype .
api tester perform security testing on all api calls passed via the proxy .
gets the local subnet name
find command to run for system git .
generally you will not need to call this directly ; passing in your credentials via set _ credentials ( ) and set _ credential _ file ( ) will call authenticate ( ) on the identity object by default .
parse a c file using pycparser .
return the last modification time of a file , reported by os . stat ( ) .
show a resource via pcs command resource _ id name of the resource extra _ args additional options for the pcs command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib
compute the weighted percentile of array with sample _ weight .
construct server instance from cloud profile config
move interface to node , retrying on failure .
convenience wrapper to keep method signature unchanged for xmltestrunner and texttestrunner
initialize a home assistant server .
combine sheets referred to by @ import rules in given css proxy sheet into a single new sheet .
saves the given sections if they are to be saved .
return an equivalent to the input dictionary with lower - case keys .
read 16bit integer matrix from bti file .
find all the gating milestones associated with a course and the
generate a random word - like string .
access function to creating a new language .
if someone makes " www . example . org " their homepage , then we need to prepend " http : / / " so it doesnt link to URL
create decorator that skips a test if the distribution doesnt support the operations required by the test .
executed before running the code in ipython
updates the schedule for the given week in place .
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , context as parameters .
convert a string to list of int
returns a single string identifying the underlying platform with as much useful information as possible .
return true if the two methods are the same implementation .
gets the value of the overridden field for the user .
built a tree representation of a node as a list of lines
applies an adaptive threshold to an array .
fail with an error .
install a dism feature
checks if a forum is unread
validate an ipv4 netmask .
returns the rabbitmq - plugin command path if were running an os that doesnt put it in the standard / usr / bin or / usr / local / bin
stops the template engine from rendering the contents of this block tag .
returns a modified update dictionary including momentum
unassign a floating ip . .
n344 - use list comprehension instead of filter .
pearson correlation using numpy . corrcoef .
channel mode modify section 9 . 1 . 5
create a constant array .
return the percentiles of * x * .
wait for any server to show up at ip : port
provides an absolute path , expanding tildes with the users home and appending a current working directory if the path was relative .
creaters available content items and adds their urls to the context object .
gets a valid short number for the specified cost category .
get information about the arguments accepted by a code object .
recursively remove an entire directory tree .
return the sum - of - squares of number sequences .
verify a signature .
return one of the passed parameters if the url passed is the current one .
parse string data into the node , domain , and resource components of a jid , if possible .
split a digest auth string into individual key = value strings
a wrapper for namedtuple that accounts for the type of the object in equality .
tests whether the deactivate bat file or link in the activated environment works ok
enable masquerade on a zone .
fuzzy match : iteratively .
copy a file or a directory to an existing directory .
returns unicode ( ) string conversion of the given encoded smtp header text .
true if val is matched by the path component grammar in rfc3986 .
process packets from mavlink slaves , forwarding to the master
utility function to get datetime objects for dates used to compute the is _ new flag and the sorting _ score .
parse a strports description into a 2 - tuple of arguments and keyword values .
finds the total squared error from k - means clustering the inputs
search through a graph , either breadth - or depth - first .
define sort method for rar file names
default function to generate keys .
this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
return a value for the requested metric
the find and find _ all methods of beautifulsoup dont handle the text parameter combined with other parameters .
calculate mantl vars
return the function import path , and a name for the function .
this is intended to be the main entry - point used by consumers of plugins , to find any plugins that have registered themselves by name .
validate the configuration and return a scanner .
return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for .
this method will hard delete all assets from the trashcan
shows the status .
log some information - maybe useful , maybe not usage : : log . info
makes a pretty name for a task class .
displays a 8 x 8 image on the led matrix .
this method creates a folder structure of the specified depth .
draw histogram of the input series using matplotlib
like run _ wsgi _ app ( ) but doesnt add wsgi middleware .
return an : class : ~ prompt _ toolkit . output . output instance for the command line .
generate winrepo _ cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo _ dir
returns whether the 2nd set of scores is higher than the first .
raise skiptest if package _ check fails
execute the given java command , by opening a subprocess that calls
get major / minor info from a device
a helper function to validate the arguments supplied to the
requests the topic coherence from aksw palmetto
returns a bool value if the handle passed in is a callable method / function
decorator to simplify catching drivers raising notimplementederror
returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape .
decorator to select synchronous or asynchronous reader mode .
returns multivariate content and a primitive polynomial .
check that the supplied value is an internet protocol address , v . 4 , represented by a dotted - quad string , i . e . 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 .
helper method that iterates once over a dict of headers , converting all keys to lower case and separating into subsets containing user metadata , system metadata and other headers .
clean out the old fileserver backends
only load if the pip module is available in _ _ salt _ _
return filter associated to file extension
scale the carving .
add introspection support to an xmlrpc server .
modifies the provided function to support kwargs by only passing along kwargs for parameters it accepts
stop the specified service . .
check if the ldev meets the criteria for being managed by the driver .
return the path to the user configuration files .
returns the reverse complement sequence of a nucleotide string .
groups every n elements of the list .
clone the repository up to the specified changeset _ revision .
modify an existing retention policy .
creates a class instance with a specified value , the specified class instance may be a value on a property in a defined class instance .
returns a list of transatable strings from a code file
reorders the components in a projects component list .
change the default shell of the user
adds a zone with the given name , dns name , and description .
computes the dot product of two variables .
return a parzen window .
implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers .
prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default .
return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first , omitting characters in key that are not in symbols .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
step 1a handles - s suffixes .
restful crud controller
get the creation time of a libcloud node .
returns a http _ connect function that delegates to entity - specific http _ connect methods based on request path .
turn a propset list into a dictionary
set the amount of idle time until the harddisk sleeps .
truncate number to precision
returns the current version
fast sanger fastq to illumina 1 . 3 + fastq conversion .
return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph .
read a token file and return the oauth token and oauth token secret .
counts non - standard characters in seq
parse hostname : 22 into a host and port , with the port optional
we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain
clean out the old jobs from the job cache
raises excption if the given doc is linked in another record .
read 3 byte integer from file .
turn one set - cookie : line into a dict mapping attribute names to attribute values .
initialize metric descriptors
returns an internal sequence dictionary update .
ensure val is nx , usually nx3
add a list of two - tuples to the uri query components .
yield non - empty / non - comment lines of a string or sequence
show this message and exit .
construct module objects .
helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer , and raise
sets the given file descriptor to non - blocking mode .
handle argument options given on the command line .
skip a test that needs further review .
returns a matrix of overlaps between every possible pair of the two provided bounding box lists .
create a volumeservice with a zfs . storagepool .
render a chemical equation string to html .
wrapper function for series arithmetic operations , to avoid code duplication .
yield matching files , optionally filtering by * job _ id * .
crumb for a year .
add commands to sudoers list for execution without password
the text representation of the start tag for a tag .
generates a table where each cell represent a frequency of pairs as described below .
read context from file without any preprocessing .
allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory .
validate the api params as specified in the config file .
function prints pocsuite banner with its version
get the repository constructor .
arrange items of list1 in the same order as sorted .
downloads a previously - encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
return if url is a document , false otherwise .
helper to decorate a returned token with its starting and ending locations in the input string .
returns the number of bytes needed to serialize a non - repeated element .
view that allow a user to associate a new openid to its account .
checks if a version is greater than the known version for
saves the installed package list and their location
return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type
returns a group topic list page .
retrieve form descriptions from the user api .
top level zipline entry point .
two - view triangulation of points in x1 , x2 ( 3 * n homog .
parse options and call the appropriate class / method .
remove an object or list of objects into a collection
pull from remote repositories
ensure the named service is running .
a string that follows obj = type exactly
debug function to check if pythons gzip is broken .
returns list of versions for this exploration .
expose this function via the api but dont dump the results to json .
find the single best match above a score in a list of choices .
returns a list of items matching the specified path .
returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses .
add image to given dictionary
download one lyrics sample page per referenced source .
grants a due date extension to a student for a particular unit .
replaces strings and regexp literals in the source code with identifiers and * removes comments * .
rational polynomial benchmark function .
replace extra whitespace inside of a string with a single space .
parse and validate a mongodb uri .
select a locale to translate the document to .
custom view to allow bulk uploading of photos
flag all the questions and answers of the user as spam .
return the style id corresponding to * name * , taking into account special - case names such as heading 1 .
initalize all model parameters here
set defaults for configuration variables .
updates context dictionary with basic info required before rendering simplest certificate templates .
returns a copy of the given list with the items in random order .
a unique room that does not need to be as general
return the data from a list of pathitems ready for serialization to json .
return info for expanding a sample into a template .
create a new gstreamer buffer based on provided data .
make sure the fast reader accepts cr and cr + lf as newlines .
return socket connections .
process the xml element .
helper to check if h5py is installed
helper for @ overload to raise when called .
return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed .
decode an image , resize and apply random distortions .
entry point for sphinx extension .
ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request .
move zone to new zonepath .
helper function to actually write the data to a registry . pol file also updates / edits the gpt . ini file to include the adm policy extensions to let the computer know user and / or machine registry policy files need to be processed data _ to _ write : data to write into the user / machine registry . pol file policy _ file _ path : path to the registry . pol file gpt _ ini _ path : path to gpt . ini file gpt _ extension : gpt extension list name from _ policy _ info class for this registry class gpt _ extension _ location gpt _ extension _ guid : admx registry extension guid for the class
backport from python3 ftplib .
page through text by invoking a program on a temporary file .
main method for cleaning up network namespaces .
filter a list of folders with a given search path .
load message specification from a string .
render all string elements of the config against defined variables .
manipulate the xml element .
tests unit order after a specific update .
return defaultdict of division and values pairs
create an app .
the fmt parameter is a function that formats the output of cmd , can be none .
load encryption configuration and override proxy - server . conf contents .
sets domain to use namecheap default dns servers .
translate * variable * to hadoop version * version * .
filter urls adding base _ path prefix if required .
count the number of common bytes in two block count dicts .
this will translate a block of text with parameters .
take 1d float array of rewards and compute discounted rewards for an episode .
stores templates and contexts that are rendered .
returns the graph that results from contracting u and v .
this functions is called when boolean - based blind is identified with a generic payload and the dbms has not yet been fingerprinted to attempt to identify with a simple dbms specific boolean - based test what the dbms may be
integer : number
computes resultant of two polynomials in k [ x ] .
test one commented scenario
interpret a string as a host : port pair .
process the xml element .
extract the hash sum , whether it is in a remote hash file , or just a string .
rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
only for macos
return a list of all filenames in the specified directory .
a method to check whether the resource can use the quota method .
optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps = [ - 1 ]
add a value from a dictionary to a list
compute the lomb - scargle design matrix at the given frequency
creates all folders needed to move a file to its new location , renames it , then cleans up any folders left that are now empty .
run all the system tests if necessary .
async version of poll _ for
write something to a file in a certain directory .
true if there are updateable plugins
make a template class for attribute * attr * of * typ * overloaded by overload _ func * .
test the effect of " nearest " and " none " interpolation
create the directory for storing the hashes , if it doesnt exist already .
return a dict from config whether it is a dict , file , or filename .
add traits to a traited class .
convert input image to double image with the appropriate range .
sanitize html tags , attributes and style to prevent xss attacks
delete certbot files associated with a certificate lineage .
compare two meshes , using a certain tolerance and invariant to the order of the faces .
generate hash for key
promote this release to be the latest if this flag is set
returns the python version as tuple of strings .
makes a cached version of socket . _ getaddrinfo to avoid subsequent dns requests .
byte - compile one python source file to python bytecode .
convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis .
serialize a single webhistoryitem into a qdatastream .
return the list of strings from the s string which are included between the begins and ends strings .
returns the reduced row echelon form of a matrix .
checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors
returns true if the url is to youtube .
initiate a get request .
try to increase resource limits of the os .
computes the l1 norm of a tensor
given the data for one read it returns clipped seq and qual .
return the translation for a given page
the homepage of the site .
save nzb to disk
show the smali code .
search for the check _ esx3 . pl file .
current implementation assumes that matplotlib is executed in a pycrust shell .
return tuple used in permutation and combination counting .
converts an integer to a byte .
disable quota on a glusterfs volume .
construct initial conditions for lfilter .
returns a list of matching tasks
shows a nice error message to users when they try to view a deleted file
compute the absolute hypervolume of a * pointset * according to the reference point * ref * .
produce some output if file run directly
remove torrent + data if post processed and finished seeding
moves images from single to multi mode .
return a hashlib digest algorithm from a string .
finds all paths that should be observed .
checks if user and password are correct , else raises frappe . authenticationerror
execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts
check if a locale is available .
scan for files .
make sure memory reallocation works okay when the number of columns is large .
get all file names matching a suffix in a directory , recursively .
creates a win32 unnamed event .
returns a freshly formatted
convert a json row to the native object .
convenience function for returning a set of topic nodes that contain content
vimeo - - returns information on the vimeo video at
get equation for rectangular x .
produce the desired schemata based on the type required , 2 for half length , 4 for quarter length and 8 for eight length .
represent the open , close as a bar line and high low range as a vertical line .
and _ expression : and _ expression and equality _ expression
create an iis virtual directory .
create a new figure manager instance
unpack a list of longs previously packed using packlonglist .
json api endpoint for manipulating a specific course certificate signatory via its internal identifier .
compute log ( det ( a ) ) for a symmetric
return true if * uri * is a windows path .
rebuild is required if either toc content changed or mtimes of files listed in old toc are newer than last _ build if pyc = 1 , check for . py files , too
restful crud controller
reads the state file , returning a dictionary .
return a truncated copy of the string .
return a pre - populated git dag widget .
test that before and after serialization , the sentence boundaries are the same .
creates a fanstatic library name with the contents of a directory path using resource . config if found .
returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
generate a mimemultitype message from protocol buffer .
solves 1st order linear differential equations .
get the parameter sequence .
run examples and make sure they work .
argumentparser dest namespace .
parse multiple index definitions documents from a string or stream .
show all the rows for the given kb article statistics table .
registers a new message for the user .
return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
helper function to compare two serialized model files
this function encodes a block .
opens a file named by filename and iterates over the l { filebytes } found therein .
return string into url object .
load spatial - filters kernel
get the info structure for a container , based on env and app .
running " harvest " with - - apps = multiple , apps , separated , by , comma
jit compile a python function conforming to the cuda python specification .
run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename
creates an expando object , a sequence of expando objects or just returns the primitive based on the primitives type .
merges two texts
run the api test suite .
make an api request
summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
return the site - wide stream of recently changed package activities .
all near - enough secondaries matching the tag sets .
change torrent directory
run the wsgi app
check support of regexp
simulates a failure in fetch image _ glance _ disk .
convert the string s to an integer .
wrapper around qtgui . qfiledialog . getopenfilename static method
only work on supported posix - like systems
ensure an ec2 instance does not exist .
finds all primes < end .
extends source list to target list only if elements doesnt exists in target list .
show the details from the provider concerning an instance
generate a json serializable ccx schedule .
for geos unary topology functions .
formats optdict to a tuple to pass it to tk . call .
returns the pointer argument passed in by - reference .
the main function for salt - cloud
fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and language and installs it as the current translation object for the current thread .
helper function used to automatically and exhaustively generate test cases for all python function signatures ironpython optimizes for .
create a new memoryview wrapped around a bytearray of the given size .
returns the modules verbosity setting .
find root device path for instance
determine the url corresponding to python object
solves the continuous - time algebraic riccati equation .
register a class as a view of a thing .
decrypt with aes in cbc mode
main function of sqlmap when running from command line .
get libzmq version as tuple of ints
integrate plugins to the context
computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k [ x ] .
find all unique module names within a directory
given a nested disaster of [ lazy ] suites , traverse to the first level that has setup or teardown , and do something to them .
return a list of all job ids
disable colors from the output
an application that displays the request environment , and does nothing else .
tries to interpret the next 8 bytes of the data as a 64 - bit double float .
use supplied arguments to build a : class : target object .
calculate the end position of the text starting at start .
compute bounding - box regression targets for an image .
convert a qcolor into an rgb css string
truncate a string s to length length , by cutting off the last characters and replacing them with . . .
attempt to authenticate to the given transport using any of the private keys available from an ssh agent .
retrieves the total scores for a list of objects and the number of votes they have received and stores them in a context variable .
check the correct order of a domain group
custom role for : app : marker , does nothing in particular except allow
writes optional metadata tag to stream
extracts messages and returns javascript code snippet to be appened at the end of the given script
return true if we are to ignore the specified ip .
test if arg is a bytes instance .
updates the total contributions for a given addon .
return the username of a given uid .
calculate a one - dimensional minimum filter along the given axis .
class decorator for all subclasses of the main magics class .
load the checks defined in the specified files .
runs a python shell with quokka context
find out what items are documented in source / * . rst .
external sieve decorator .
run a user script
ensure that the provided text value is represented as unicode .
set up module globals controlling buffer sizes
set the ps name using the multiprocessing process name .
recalculates balances for all participants from transfers and exchanges .
transform the exception for the image but keep its traceback intact .
return a standard comments field
helper for gql parsing to extract values from gql expressions .
converts a numeric dbus snapper status into a string
tweets for a user .
return a non - string from a string or unicode , if possible .
parse a number of steps a multi - line text from a scenario .
get a service or raise if it does not exist .
parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 3 . 1 .
disconnect cmd from parent fds , read only from stdout .
return a connection to the imap server .
sets the keyword args to pass to mysqldb . connect ( ) .
only load if memcache module is available
creates and enqueues a parameterized job .
takes flattened data , compares it with the schema , and returns it with any problems marked , as follows : keys in the data not in the schema are moved into a list under new key keys in the schema but not data are added as keys with value missing
dynamic import of cvxopt sparse interface .
processes http headers from a supplied response that match the x - image - meta and x - image - meta - property and returns a mapping of image metadata and properties
returns listen address serial from a libvirtlivemigratedata
wait for the element ( s ) as defined by css locator to be present .
return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
helper to assert channel snr of a certain level
attempts to run systemctl - - version .
bootstrap a debian linux container
interpolate polynomial gcd from integer gcd .
writes the xml content to disk , touching the file only if it has changed .
walk and sync all doctypes and pages
get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser .
test on _ client _ success ( ) with invalid json .
show autosummary toctree in latex .
callback for change of top _ only option
create a database of images from a list of image paths
returns a dictionary with items in the given list grouped by the given key .
only encode metadata headers keys
calculate error covariance matrix for random effects model
ensures that a directory exists .
load a python module from its name .
decorate function to return nan if it raises an exception
empty trash folder .
get current numeric timezone offset from uct
parses a zone file .
converts a recipe id into a beaker path
added paths for package to paths
creates elb and rds cname records in a zone for args . stack _ name .
load the homepage
run the decompiler on a specific analysis
parameterized function containing the meat of import _ handler .
check the gradient of a module with a randomly generated dataset , .
return decorator that forces a requirement for a function or class .
sends the reset token to the users email address .
aggregate bytes into a bytearray using xor .
return all global - level callables defined in a module .
renew lets encrypt certificate
create a new cmac object .
apply a cl to the release branch
generate a random file name
decodes a list return value
decorator which causes its decoratee to raise a l { typeerror } if two of the given arguments are passed at the same time .
one - line classes dont get a suite in the parse tree so we add one to normalize the tree
checks whether matrix is hermitian
show all tables in the database
a lighter - weight version of handle _ items that uses amqps basic . consume instead of basic . get .
position nodes uniformly at random in the unit square .
convert a nodestate to a corresponding node .
collect script files from within directories .
returns a global list of available roles .
sign data with a digest
check if the name is a type of file that should be optimized .
create a consistencygroup object in the db .
copies document to a document _ pb . document protocol buffer .
add an axes at position rect specified by : - axes ( ) by itself creates a default full subplot window axis .
catches the signal that a course has been deleted from the module store and invalidates the corresponding cache entry if one exists .
create a new l { badrequest } instance with the given result .
set a style dict .
transform the given language code to a human readable language name .
generate obfuscated versions of pwnstallers launch . c and launch . h
dijkstras algorithm python implementation .
readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines .
function to pad the given data to a multiple of 16 - bytes by pkcs7 padding .
launch a subplot tool window for * targetfig * .
check to see if given python is installed .
return top papers
returns - - if - exist parameter for open vswitch command .
complete iir digital and analog filter design .
ensure a job is enabled in the schedule name
read a string
demonstrates ansi color support .
set containerized facts .
test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was specified .
return the path of the given module .
derivative of the sigmoid function .
return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line .
return a job id and prepare the job id directory
test adding patch info to source space
helper to easily define string ranges for use in word construction .
private function used to forest . _ set _ oob _ score function .
read the requirements . txt file and parse into requirements for setups install _ requirements option .
draw samples from a poisson distribution .
get the default opengl context configuration
validate a read preference .
read the contents of a specific string index
convert a sympy / numpy matrix to a scipy . sparse matrix .
queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
shared storage migration
return the path to the closest scrapy . cfg file by traversing the current directory and its parents
return the hub for the current thread .
parses a character set .
regroup items in a list in a list of lists , grouped by the value at the given index .
converts the data to shapefiles or geotiffs and returns a dictionary with all the required files
retrieve a user by name
system information type 10 section 9 . 1 . 50
updates a network
li regularization removes the neurons of previous layer , i represents inputs .
check that currently logged - in user has specified permission for the resource which is to be created .
return a variable with the same shape and dtype as the template , filled by broadcasting value through it .
open the html document in a web browser , saving it to a temporary file to open it .
determines output shape from broadcasting arrays .
cie - luv to xyz color space conversion .
compute scale factors for a unified plot .
parse a keystring like or xyz and return a keyinfo list .
process the xml element by derivation .
generate header for delivery and reply of queue request .
int - > list of url
generate project based on values in * d * .
like : meth : url _ encode but writes the results to a stream object .
remove any keys found in sequence keys _ to _ scrub from the dict if they have the value .
set the given properties on a group and update it .
decode zmq _ monitor event messages .
returns an escaped string of the provided data
common loadgraph argument .
get the total gametime of the server since first start
returns the average degree of the neighborhood of each node .
prepare list of sources and excluded sources .
generate the tests for etree and lxml
return a fixed frequency datetime index , with business day as the default frequency
show list of available pkg upgrades using a specified format style
build loss function .
require a file whose contents is defined by a template .
tests projects are created with valid arguments only .
looks up the file system for an ini file describing the project .
test that efunc and inv _ efunc give inverse values
return a list of eventrenderers from available liability
transforms the exception for the volume but keeps its traceback intact .
format the given data series in plain or extended format .
return a tolerance which is independent of the dataset
reboot the remote system .
reverse of dumps ( ) , raises badsignature if signature fails
predicate that returns true if the sheet exists in default _ path
load information from an installation indicated by an environment variable
return data from the " end of central directory " record , or none .
generates the request log id for the current request .
a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope
flow _ stmt : return _ stmt
returns the parsed ini config contents .
returns the global reaching centrality of a directed graph .
sort values and reorder corresponding labels .
this function should be deprecated .
generate a random string with alpha chars
returns the path to the package containing the named module or
wrap pyyamls loader so we can extend it to suit our needs .
show the loss / accuracy graph , but bigger
returns the default hash used for unset passwords
turn a possibly string enum into an integer enum .
return a html unordered list of synsets for the given word and part of speech .
begin a transaction , if necessary , and populate it in the request .
get the plugins directory path .
get packed geometry output by side loop .
returns a stackcontext that when entered , puts the given operation into scope in a new
order reduction algorithm used in hypergeometric and meijer g
grab the spm documentation for the given spm task named task _ name
this function creates a new session if there is no session yet for the current context .
prepare slots to be displayed on the left hand side calculate dimensions for each slot .
process the xml element .
removes the nginx configuration and database for the domain provided .
convenience function for constructing qcolor from a variety of argument types .
drop oauth repos
return the duration of an element .
verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . conf
xtheme command dispatch view .
build and return a path to target , relative to source .
factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
return a tuple in the form of the application output .
load an array from an . npy file .
generate a unique blobkey .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
parse time from iso 8601 format
utility frequency conversion method for series / dataframe
returns a list of constants that do not occur in eq already .
list all available configs
pre - populate the quickmark - manager stub with some quickmarks .
json encode an object using some visually pleasing formatting .
checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match .
authenticate the client using an oauth access token by using the token to retrieve information from a third party and matching that information to an existing user .
will reuturn node if node will import name , or node will import * from package .
check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok
return number of leap years in range [ y1 , y2 ) .
get valid permissions for the current user from docperm and custom docperm
convenience fixture to get a mainframe of a qwebpage .
gets the results for a test .
only load if boto3 libraries exists .
raise an exception for invalid tags or malformed range .
checks the package list to see if any packages are involved in an incomplete transaction
return iterator over all plugin keywords .
executed during django startup
prefix to issue a docker command .
pkg _ add ( 1 ) is not capable of querying for remote packages , so this function will always return results as if there is no package available for install or upgrade .
make a commit object with a default set of members .
ensure that os . path contains paths
normalizes reading input between python 2 and 3 .
the decorator to convert an xml response to json , if the request is determined to be from boto3 .
print an album or item object .
makes a contour plot .
return a dictionary of matching lines .
mark or unmark thread / comment as abused
test for crashdialog . _ get _ environment _ vars .
a system - v style service is assumed disabled if there is no start - up link to its script in / etc / init . d in the current runlevel .
resolves rel _ path against base _ path and returns the result .
returns true if memcache is running , false otherwise .
returns an object belonging to an event .
outer product convenience wrapper for vector . outer ( ) :
multiple imports in form from x import should have space between import statement and parenthesised name list .
given a old and new int value , return a string representing the difference
harvest uses test _ runner specified in settings
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
search through string looking for a match to the pattern , returning a match object , or none if no match was found .
tests that the theano expression emitted by f computes the same values as the ground truth python function
a simple template with a helper that doesnt exist .
registers the wrapped method as a json converter for the provided types .
display the date , formatted according to the given string .
chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit .
regroups a list of alike objects by a common attribute .
adds evpn route from vrf identified by * route _ dist * .
appends plugin specific urls to the urlpatterns variable .
sets a log file to be used via context . log _ file , e . g .
take the not - in - place intersection of two lists , similar to sets but preserving order .
creates a cluster in a datacenter .
the purpose of the function is to monitor incoming ra messages sent by default routers and invalidate them by immediately replying with fake ra messages advertising a zero router lifetime value .
makes a pmf discrete approx to a normal distribution .
get the alteration file line from the filename .
titlecases input text
return the moebius - kantor graph .
returns the reliability of agreement as a number between - 1 . 0 and + 1 . 0 , for a number of votes per category per task .
overlay of raw and cleaned signals given the unmixing matrix .
returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
creates an array on the current device .
return root lxml element obtained by parsing xml character string in xml * , which can be either a python 2 . x string or unicode .
a version of pythons urllib . urlencode ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
prepares a pre authed request to obtain info using a head .
applies 3d average - pooling operation in kt x kh x kw regions by step size kt x dh x dw steps .
download a fits file to the cache and open hdu 0 .
return ids of webapp objects excluded from a particular region or excluded due to geodata flags .
return true is pos1 > pos2
uninstalls a package name
create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required
returns the full name for a set of persons - currently unused
checks whether text should use cjk fonts .
returns a template . node subclass .
migrate existing layers on geonode db
simulate sources time courses from waveforms and labels .
make test information available in fixtures .
parse a http _ cookie header and return dict of cookie names and decoded values .
execute a two points crossover with copy on the input individuals .
if thing is callable , return it .
add logging to a function .
return a list of sqlite databases in the queue _ dir
translates message using the given translation _ function name - - which will be either gettext or ugettext .
the total squared variation of y _ is from their mean
return the current context .
modules home page
set up the web scrape sensor .
pass in a dictionary of parameters , loop through them and build a payload containing , parameters whos values are not none .
entry point for flocker - node - era command - line tool .
try to renew the specified expiring domain name for a specified number of years returns the following information in a dictionary renew bool indicates whether the domain was renewed successfully domainid unique integer value for the domain orderid unique integer value for the order transactionid unique integer value for the transaction amount charged for renewal
view decorator which enforces that the user have the ccx coach role on the given course and goes ahead and translates the course _ id from the django route into a course object .
return a dict of all prices on the cloud provider .
construct an array . array of a type suitable for scipy . sparse indices .
hop a gcode linear move file .
get the region of a patched ast node
write tab separated name and list to the repository writer .
enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
determines what distro were running under .
add the necessary headers for cors requests .
produces a mapping of extensions to mime types .
decorator to support conditional retrieval for a view function .
draw scree plot
return names of the available / installed authentication backends .
expected assignment _ one _ default _ _ doc _ _
retrieve zip file from the given url .
return the cost - per - mille given ad spend and impressions .
create a new python script
sends mail to admins on behalf of application .
get bottomed geometryoutput .
get an storage driver which can be used to create an ideployer .
expose this function via the api but dont require a set user .
update draft with new attributes .
parse the json token response body into a dict .
converts newlines into and s
parses multipart headers from an iterable that yields lines ( including the trailing newline symbol .
memoizes the results of a function call .
go through all the replications , and fix them .
look for empty loop / conditional body with only a single semicolon .
generate the initial , first order , and second order transition probabilities for model1 .
python 2 and python 3 compatible text file reading .
extract manifest data .
estimate the size of a reasonable python object .
parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary .
gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
returns a valid url - encoded version of the given value .
test desktop gl backend for basic functionality .
update your dynamic dns record with dnsmadeeasy . com
join path elements with the directory separator , replacing the entire path when an absolute or fs - changing path part is found .
check the context for the notifier and construct it if not present
extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link .
visualize connectivity as a circular graph .
minify image to specified size if image is bigger than specified size and return minified image , otherwise , original image is returned .
pprint an iterable .
make sure that the git repository contains a remote called " edx " that has two fetch urls ; one for the main codebase , and one for pull requests .
we need to support relations in ask for this to work
ensure that the service is disabled on boot , only use this state if you dont want to manage the running process , remember that if you want to disable a service to use the enable : false option for the running or dead function .
generates lea - seq consensus sequence
function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
return whether the current desktop supports standardised application launching .
enrich the imdbs roidb by adding some derived quantities that are useful for training .
simple view that a loadbalancer can check to verify that the app is up .
fully test socket . _ fileobj compatibility
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air - by - date format .
open and return the supplied json file
load the specified kernel module mod
returns the name of timezone .
lists nexusvm bindings
load an object from a file .
get config from a valid ~ / . cookiecutterrc file
converts a list split source file paths into a vcproj folder hierarchy .
select the kth smallest element in array [ low : high + 1 ] .
graph of the pixel - to - pixel connections
add source volume id column to volumes .
returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph ( ) .
send simple push notifications to users that have opted in to them .
block with objects links
determines if the cidr passed in represents a single host network
geiven a list of of each boxes , align the boxes with * align * and calculate the y - offsets of each boxes .
displays an account tree .
decorator to simplify setting up multiple stubs at once via mox
parse text containing irc formatting codes into structured information .
starts an export job
return a string containing a namespace declaration for each of * nspfxs * , in the order they are specified .
replace placeholders in text by using the data mapping .
returns the hmac - sha1 of value , using a key generated from key _ salt and a secret .
set up & run a publisher , and return a dictionary of document parts .
given a list of pathnames , returns the longest common leading component
restful crud controller - used to allow rit memebers to apply for positions
given a dictionary of headers , return a canonical string representation .
helper method to join ip numeric segment pieces back into a full ip address .
returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers , based on response code .
decorator ensuring that the user is not a read only user .
return a list of features in an ogr layer with properties in geojson form .
lo regularization removes the neurons of current layer , o represents outputs
add mqtt light .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
decorator to mark a fixture factory function .
set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing .
natural sort key function for sequences
generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air - by - date format .
given a file object where the content pack lang will be stored , return a zipfile object pointing to the content pack .
display users recent tweets .
returns true if config _ file can be safely copied
decorator for debugging parse actions .
ensure the named sns topic is deleted .
deal with partitions , and pass the work to _ find _ clusters _ 1dir .
this method generates a dictionary of the query string parameters contained in a given editable url .
setup the directories necessary for the configurator .
returns the cache directory and create if it doesnt exists
determine if a point is inside a loop of a loop list .
exponential linear unit .
return the error rate based on dense predictions and sparse labels .
find the largest graph connected components that contains one given node
coerce value to an json - compatible representation .
helper to solve trigonometric equations
parse target dbms and set some attributes into the configuration singleton .
show a small critical error with an ok button .
restful crud controller for twitter channels - appears in the administration menu
wrap api calls to map to correct exception .
generic function taking a simple graph definition as a dictionary , with node has key associated to a list of nodes directly reachable from it .
add a server
read a double .
create a function that simplifies rational functions in z .
test intervals against those published in gehrels 1986
returns prefix of command line used for spawning a child process
make a user string to use to represent the user .
handle products containing a kroneckerdelta .
instantiate the resnet50 architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
get the bitmask of permissions that this user has in the given course context .
the unification succeed iff bv . value = = other _ object .
update the node state in baremetal db
open file and return a stream .
fail if given objects are equal as determined by the = = operator .
convert a solexa quality to a phred quality .
use an etag _ func ( ) that returns a weak etag .
return whether a partial derivative symbol is required for printing
generate interactive charts in one html file
merge a set of single band images into a new multiband image .
given the dotted name for a python object , performs any necessary imports and returns the object .
purge old messages from database
install in develop / edit mode
build the randomized source files for pwnstaller , compile everything up , and move the loader to the appropriate pyinstaller location .
returns true if x is zero .
get directory location of . ros directory .
looks to see if mkfile is present on the system
removes a container name
competency rating for skill types controller
interpolate polynomial gcd from integer gcd .
set the default colormap to flag and apply to current image if any .
return a map of region slugs to ratings body labels for use in serializers and to send to fireplace .
create a collection , then create a document in it .
render a label
check if attendance records are made against the specified course schedule or student batch for given date .
set up template code snippets that are reused across multiple kernels .
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
returns the python version as tuple of strings .
returns the query _ string from the wsgi environment .
create collection and enforce options .
get the dates for the specified commit refs .
get the score and max _ score for the specified user and xblock usage .
maps an http status code to the textual status
acquire the module - level lock for serializing access to shared data .
beneficiary data : restful crud controller
validates ipv6 addresses .
get the default values for a slices members :
creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment
will return backends data for given user , the return value will have the following keys : associated : usersocialauth model instances for currently associated accounts not _ associated : not associated backend names backends : all backend names .
provides a configuration object as a proxy to environment variables .
render the support index view .
remove a certificate in the given store name
require the afrikaans language .
install an asyncio - based reactor .
return the first configured instance .
get default value of a config key
connect to the replica set if there is one , otherwise the standalone .
minimize a 1 - d quadratic function subject to bounds .
get api stage for a given apiid and stage name
add nzb based on a url , attributes optional
pick authentication plugin .
get process information for network connections using fstat
tests that the in - db directory are marked as obsolete after the on - disk file ceased to exist and that the on - disk file and directory are recovered after syncing .
print the backends status message based on current runtime .
same as get _ scene _ numbering ( ) , but returns none if scene numbering is not set
traverses topic tree to generate a dictionary with related subtopics per subtopic .
removes all values of arg from the given string .
return processes information from osquery
log - sum - exp of array elements over a given axis .
set a default retryparams for current thread current request .
static main function that starts the application loop .
given a list of task datastructures , return a list of task ( ) or taskinclude ( ) objects .
creates metadata for new photos and returns urls where the client should upload the photo images .
generate text conditioned on c
bind socket to a specified source ip address
given a dict of add - on validation results , returns true if add - on can be signed .
get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default .
mark / unmark a thread sticky .
return the least - squares solution to a linear matrix equation using
the date from which we start querying monthly data .
parses host key and returns it .
computes the positions of split codons and puts the values in the given
returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 0 - 1 . 0 , where higher values indicate uncertainty .
write uploaded file
parse a string referring to a directory full of certificate authorities into a trust root .
given a vector of predictions , save results in csv format .
add site - packages to sys . path
get ids corresponding to words in text .
return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key .
begin initialization of review board .
apply a flat kernel bilateral filter .
topics without any replies .
deletes the old feed items for which extension settings have been created .
check message wrapped by _ ( )
parse the nei & gojobori section of the results .
return the tm using nearest neighbor thermodynamics .
return a scalar or an array of integer values over [ low , high ]
reads all files into a dictionary .
convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible .
decorator for adding a description to command action .
enable availability zones for elb .
create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart .
deletes a requestspec by the instance _ uuid .
delete to word beginning and see if it comes back with yank .
adds a query parameter to a url .
ensures a hosts core dump configuration .
check that name is dns subdomain : one or more lowercase rfc1035 / rfc1123 labels separated by . with a maximum length of 253 characters
converts dtype types to stata types .
parses the arguments and call worker ( )
expand nested suite into list of test cases .
check if id is valid .
get detailed information about a key .
construct a dask dataframe from a pandas dataframe
lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database .
replace the file newpath with the file oldpath .
shuffle dataframe so that column separates along divisions
test master api key to use for functional test .
default implementation of queue dispatcher
add a node to the pacemaker cluster via pcs command node node that should be added extra _ args list of extra option for the pcs cluster node add command
get spiderloader instance from settings
cleave a gnu triangulated surface file .
builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
plot single ica map to axes .
delete a cache security group .
free a sink object by eliminating the reference from the global map
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
return a list of vms search : string vmadm filter property sort : string vmadm sort property order : string vmadm order property - - default : uuid , type , ram , state , alias keyed : boolean specified if the output should be an array or dict
converts a bcd value to a decimal value
use the key schedule ks and salt e0 , e1 to create the password hash .
return product of elements of a .
a view which expects raw xml to be posted and returns content extracted from the xml
match a word using a dict server
return full path to the user - specific data dir for this application .
read and answer proppatch requests .
shim to get _ auth _ provider in clients . py get _ auth _ provider used to be hosted in this module , but it has been moved to clients . py now as a more permanent location .
return truth of whether iptables has option .
return the raw response
validates an exploration and commits it to persistent storage .
suggest most likely setting based on levenshtein .
return a symbolic row variable .
redirect if path _ info has trailing slash .
send a file from a given directory with : func : send _ file .
returns a string representing time since e . g .
for second holiday of two adjacent ones !
replicates metadata of the function .
displays all available updates
determine if multiple lines can be joined into one .
return the time delta as a number of seconds
send out product alerts
toggle watching a tree of documents for edits .
turn seed into a np . random . randomstate instance
reverse escape the given string .
return final element of a keys path .
loads a module , for use by admins only .
wait until the xmodule javascript has loaded on the page .
create a new figure manager instance
install one or more packages .
convert the contents of a file from markdown to restructuredtext .
asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
compute the instance id of the local machine .
test drawing squares without transforms using polygonvisual
this injects entry points into the astropy . modeling . fitting namespace .
expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression
calculate the standard deviation of the values of an n - d image array , optionally at specified sub - regions .
add sparse endpoints from a segment .
remove a user from a group
return restructuredtext code block from code string
a closing tag like
mostly for testing , but have fun playing ; )
creates a new ship .
handles whenever a blocks score is published .
plot a 2 and a 1 image from the mnist set .
returns the current active catalog for further processing .
this function patches the cache - control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
perform a transpose on a tensor without copying the underlying storage
creates the start command to run the java application server .
calculate output shape for convolution layer .
create a string of youtube ids from modules metadata attributes .
a decorator to create plugin interfaces : :
yields a blob that resets its acl after the test completes .
called from digits . dataset . views . datasets _ show ( )
a one way dictionary diff .
return file type icon
remove all css comment blocks .
when a users username is changed , we must reindex the threads they participated in .
a view decorator that adds the specified headers to the vary header of the response .
returns an alphabetically sorted list of emails addresses that msg was sent to
unpack data to tuple of length n .
iir digital and analog filter design given order and critical points .
retrieve a pep 302 importer for the given path item
return true if app has customized method attr .
parse the emote for language .
use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of tokens .
get the repository constructor .
a word - wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text .
reads the new secret from stdin and writes to secrets subdir .
this function determines whether or not to make this cloud module available upon execution .
command : def id lparen error rparen equals expr
converts y - m - d date strings into datetime objects
convert nt sequence to codeword
this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
return the rubeus / hgrid - formatted response for the root folder only .
generate a validation file for the test video
builds a regressor set comprisong motion parameters , composite norm and outliers
discard the draft for the given user and exploration .
find the first opened localhost port from a given list of ports
list all the keys based on a glob match
this differs from the python implementation , in that it returns the request structure in dict format instead of the method , params .
finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _ last _ row of the small matrix m , created by create _ ma ( ) .
returns a dictionary of best group of tracks from the list of releases and earliest release date
only run the decorated test in the cms test suite
assert that calculate _ changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration .
checks if the given binary is installed somewhere in path , and returns its name .
registers and returns the allow _ unicode flag .
print an a or aaaa record for hostname ; follow cnames if necessary .
return full path to the user - specific cache dir for this application .
calls an action function from a template .
return an qlinef extended by distance units in the positive direction .
get the evaluated string .
updates a credential for a tenant
make sure our protos have been compiled to python libraries .
convert a xml string into an indexdefinitions objects .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
return pks to be able to compare lists
returns the current active catalog for further processing .
returns a list of the drop table sql , then the create table sql , for the given module .
decorate this resourcetype instance as an update method , made available at master . data . updates . $ funcname
put a list of dates for blog posts into the template context .
adds a version switcher below the menu , requires canonical _ root and versions .
dump an http header again .
generate all simple paths in the graph g from source to target .
add the x intersection indexes from the segment .
generator which yields lines to add to a vulture whitelist .
compute locations of to _ match into values
returns a copy of the string from which the multi - character prefix has been stripped .
adjustment inspired by photoshop " curves " feature .
returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
creates a django project for the given project _ name in the given directory .
restricts the characters that are allowed in a filename portion ; returns default value or a unique id string if result is not a valid name .
compute the default diff objective function .
configure the layers available in geoserver in geonode .
returns only those apps that are not builtin django . contrib
check for and split apart route53 resource ids , setting only the last piece .
fake version of os . urandom .
get the machines ip addresses
rotate a comparison operator 180 degrees .
register a custom hosting service class .
used to test the speed up of the generalised collapse of ccontiguous dims
return the relevant reservations .
converts an iid to a string interface name .
extract the i { items } from a suds object much like the items ( ) method works on i { dict } .
remove lease from semaphore .
convert duplicate keys values to lists .
fetches information of a specific vpn service
return the binary representation of the input * number * as a string .
a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page
parses a given value as being a comma separated listing of enumeration keys , returning the corresponding enumeration values .
validate a cookie max - age
alternative version of lspi using value functions instead of state - action values as intermediate .
calculate and transmit the score for a single problem .
given dict the _ dict , recursively converts all integers into strings .
return objects that do not have any referents .
returns list of ids in fasta files
return global parameters for a given intersection array .
returns a tf - feature of bytes .
run code in the js interpreter and return output .
return all properties of kind in the specified range .
returns the contents of the cheatsheet as a string
get a friendly string for the given version object .
get logger for task module by name .
open a wav file
clear the existing widget contents and set the new items .
long legged doji
generates the sources . lst table from path where
returns listing of all templates
return unique partitions of the given multiset .
get the group name of a file or directory .
aux function to prepare tfr computation .
return the xdg _ cache _ home , if it is defined and exists , else none .
returns scores for each image as an np . ndarray
warning message for mutiple request in same log file .
get the exported version of a gcode file .
set the current user id , convenient if you want to make sure you fb session and user belong together
change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
get a registered named path , or none if it doesnt exist .
translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string , using the same rules as the ms c runtime : 1 ) arguments are delimited by white space , which is either a space or a tab .
check that a window of length window _ length is well - defined on data .
creates a conf dictionary for elastalerter .
returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask .
accepts log - values as input , exponentiates them , normalizes and returns the result .
checks the limit of documents to return is an integer within range .
this is a fake " terms " view that we overlay the login .
test generation of source estimate , single hemi
suggest artists based upon partial names .
if the given credentials are valid , return a user object .
add separators and column titles to plugin info table .
validate limit for the template .
ensure the stage _ name associated with the given api _ name deployed by boto _ apigateways present state is removed .
compute a reasonable set of time samples for the response time .
returns a list of paths to user - provides languages files .
create an taskinfo object
render the changed line number ranges for a diff , for use in e - mail .
respond to low - level openid protocol messages .
return a dictionary where the key is the device identifier
this function will return a namedstringio , ready to use in multipart forms .
converts entry element to queue object .
get the url for an item of content
generate a random string of a given length .
decode a bson string to python unicode string .
ensure that a volume is set as detached .
get the sendgrid notification service .
tests whether a phone number has a geographical association .
scan for available ports .
a forward - backward filter .
set logging class .
convert list to dictionary using the key as the identifier
contains the internal logic necessary to actually " snatch " a result that has been found .
read graph in graphml format from string .
check to make sure the default linestyle matches the input linestyle
update the password for a given host .
given a list of strings , produces a list where those strings have been parsed as floats or integers .
get the freesurfer _ home directory .
format a money object in the given locale .
retrieve datetime object for current time with included utc timezone info .
map segment to a collection of hosts .
execute commands from a string buffer .
get hourly traffic for a self - serve promotion .
return an encrypted dict .
delete a sm backend config .
set the spin box color to the value , yellow if it is lower than the default and blue if it is higher .
load a bitmap file from the backends / images subdirectory in which the matplotlib library is installed .
updates follower metadata .
does the heavy lifting of finding format modules .
reads the images in a given folder , resizes images on the fly if size is given .
print statement used for latexprinter
raise an exception saying we cant open path .
ignore a specific program update .
multiprocess - safe secret key file generator .
parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
works exactly like : func : dumps but is safe for use in
sum x for each group , simple bincount version , again group : array , integer assumed to be consecutive integers no dtype checking because i want to raise in that case uses loop over columns of x # todo : remove this , already copied to tools / grouputils
run a shell command on a remote host with sudo .
user - callable function to create and return a unique temporary file .
return the : class : kombu . queue being a direct route to a worker .
matrix square root of an upper triangular matrix .
retrieves image size from backend specified by uri
update our built - in md5 registry
gets all active interfaces on a given switch
return a list of dictionaries , each representing a route .
websocket masking function .
returns a list of matching tags
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
returns some information about a movie , like title , year , rating , genre and imdb link .
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix - vector multiplication .
make the same api call repeatedly until weve seen every page of the response .
return new lat / lon after moving east / north by the given number of meters
finds the hash method and the hash itself .
validate json files against their json schema .
wraps functions where the first param is a sql statement and enforces any exceptions thrown will also contain the statement in the message .
test whether a path is absolute
deletes the specified floating ip
get memory information from / proc / meminfo .
builder for rebulk object .
return an html document that embeds bokeh model or document objects .
ensure the networks device is configured as specified in the state sls file .
interface to the systems file command .
deploy a war file war absolute path to war file or a path supported by the salt . modules . cp . get _ file function context the context path to deploy force : false set true to deploy the webapp even one is deployed in the context url : URL the url of the server manager webapp saltenv : base the environment for war file in used by salt . modules . cp . get _ url function timeout : 180 timeout for http request temp _ war _ location : none use another location to temporarily copy to war file by default the systems temp directory is used version :
start traffic server on the local node .
check to see if a device already exists in zenoss .
make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input : the constituents of an otu table sample _ ids : list otu _ ids : list samples : iterable , each element must have sample _ vector = elem [ 0 ] where sample _ vector looks like [ 1 , 0 , 7 , 9 . . . ] otu _ metadata : list , either empty or of length len tree : a phylonode tree or compatible , num _ replicates : how many replicates for each input sample dissimilarity : how phylogenetically dissimilar each replicate should be relative to the original output is a tuple with the constituents of an otu table , possibly missing some otu metadata :
make full paths for all the listed files , based on startpath .
add a user to the minion .
cleans a model instance slug .
removes the contents of all top - level curly brace pairs { } .
convolution implementation by sparse matrix multiplication .
authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
check the marker version .
get pickleable exception type .
return data in node - link format that is suitable for json serialization and use in javascript documents .
hide user info from api if anonymous
locate the applet template along sys . path
returns whether a survey is required for this course
return first position after whitespace .
pass it a filename and it will return a secure version of it .
converts a dict of components to the format expected by the google maps server .
gets credentials implicitly from the current environment .
replace path with relative path
convert name with optional extension to file path .
team controller - uses the group table from pr
test projection of source space data to sensor space
clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
returns array as a float32 array in fortran order .
same as dbref , but making sure accessing _ obj is a player .
exact euclidean distance transform .
get current audio track .
search for fonts in the specified font paths .
replicates entry in input _ iterable if input _ iterable is of length 1 .
remove non - print text sequences .
given a new email for a user , does some basic verification of the new address if any issues are encountered with verification a valueerror will be thrown .
makes a list of colors into a colorscale - acceptable form
efficiently test if f is a cyclotomic polnomial .
handler for object types that are not json - serializable
callback decorator to require http auth .
get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration .
given a sentence s consisting of conjunctions and disjunctions of literals , return an equivalent sentence in cnf .
validator that tis tightly coupled to the implementation of the classes here .
get packed geometry output by side loop .
return package info .
looks up a timezone by name and returns it .
the restful handler for container xblock requests .
displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported
determine windows variant
decide what method to use for paging through text .
gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
utc datetime object of the next sun rising .
on windows return the dependent side - by - side assemblies of a binary as a list of manifest objects .
handle any pending relations to the sending model .
computes the gauss - hermite quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights .
return if the named service is enabled to start on boot
if thing is callable , call it with args and kwargs and return the value .
something went awry , log it and shutdown .
ranks each observation within the data groups .
returns the line of text containing loc within a string , counting newlines as line separators .
clean an html snippet into a readable string
generates the actual list of data .
lists all output targets by recursively walking output - less tasks .
some cases have text and some dont .
lhs and rhs can be either : - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime
save data into filename , depending on file extension
simplified an id to be more friendly for us people
transpose a matrix or stack of matrices by swapping the last two axes .
return a report of the current engine status
prepare noise covariance matrix .
load trees from filepaths checks if support filenames indicate that support are from different distance methods .
boyd and vandenberghe , convex optimization , exercise 4 . 20 page 196
show the value of a cluster stonith stonith _ id name for the stonith resource extra _ args additional options for the pcs stonith command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib
returns the type of the derivation d .
samples from standard gaussian distribution .
displays whether wake on network is on or off if supported
given a flash size of the type passed in args . flash _ size then return the size in bytes .
small function to generate a hash to uniquely generate a file .
create a timeseries chart using : class : linebuilder to produce the renderers from the inputs .
evaluates the cdf of the normal distribution .
return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position .
remove strings in no _ log _ strings from value .
create reader for matlab . mat format files .
construct a block diagonal from a packed structure .
get the ctypes object for the device pointer
parses an http date into a datetime object .
check if a responses headers make sense given a cache policy
align dataframe blocks if divisions are different .
beta function that creates plots with animations via frames .
return the singleton searchengine instance for the process .
hash a token , and return it as algorithm : salt : hash
constructs a single elasticsearch connection .
given a reg - exp pattern , normalizes it to a list of forms that suffice for reverse matching .
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
load and return the diabetes dataset .
initialize the match object .
implementation detail shared by resource _ path and resource _ path _ tuple
returns the existing package meteadata db .
list contents of a queue
given a document , render it and all documents that may be affected .
maps keys for conductors summary view .
get command line arguments for starting emulator .
ensure an object is inheriting acls from its parent
run a new instance in the given region .
decorator that causes exceptions thrown by the decorated function to be coerced into generic exceptions from the hadoop . fs . exceptions module .
returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type .
pbkdf2 - based unix crypt ( 3 ) replacement .
preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
insert / update a record in survey _ complete
adapt the filesystem argument of mount to imountablefilesystem .
skill provisions controller
safely execute python code .
cleanup for a : class : . _ connectionfairy whether or not its already been garbage collected .
set categories to be unknown .
return a url to use for tracking impressions of the given advert .
a report providing assessments received broken down by administration level
the sigmoid function .
estimate regression - based evoked potentials / fields by linear modeling .
returns an instance of : class : authstore from the app registry .
set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
return the square root of the sample variance .
given restapiid and an absolute resource path , delete the resources starting from the absoluate resource path .
refresh the grains from the proxied device
html - escape a string or object
set owner and permissions for each directory created .
parse output to results and warnings
find the number of digits of an int
setup the demo weather .
update a task status .
initializes a weight matrix with local receptive fields
loads an address space by stacking valid ases on top of each other
deserialize a stream or a string .
given non - nan floats expected and got , check that theyre equal to within the given number of ulps .
returns queryset of objects for which a given group has * all * permissions present at perms .
version of str which is not english specific .
inject / etc / network / interfaces into the filesystem rooted at fs .
creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup _ recovery _ service .
return true if tenant already exists
build the body portion for use in creating a repository .
read genesis block from fixtures .
uninstall python packages that need explicit uninstallation .
resolve the layer by the provided typename and check the optional permission .
returns validation of a value as a uuid .
return true if the object represents a truth value , false otherwise .
visualize the results of profiling in a bokeh plot .
create a new qos specs .
function that allows replacing subgraphs of a computational graph .
sync execution modules from salt : / / _ modules to the master saltenv : base
given an uploaded file , a user and an object , it creates an imageattachment owned by user and attached to obj .
return the intersection of 2 lists .
create dask array from something that looks like an array
a typical memoize function that ignores issues with non hashable results .
change the quickdeploy password , used for switches as well
given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small _ padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large _ padding padding , return one of the four corners
returns true if the device is considered roaming on the current network , for gsm purposes .
return a list of sizes from azure
build scipy documentation in latex format .
return a new randomized api _ key
checks if the two permutations with array forms given by a and b commute .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
get all volume transfer records .
checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800
valid the address strictly as per format xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx .
presents an editor page for any type of object .
fetch the list of file names from s3 .
get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with
use an etag _ func ( ) that returns none , as opposed to setting etag _ func = none .
ripple benchmark function .
publish to the cheeseshop .
writes datachars to writer .
consider all arguments in the command - line for rootdir and inifile discovery , even if they happen to occur after an option .
rest controller to retrieve budget _ budget _ staff field options
takes a format string and returns a list of 2 - tuples of the form where boolean says whether string should be evaled or not .
returns the sortkey to use for a path .
make a second axes that shares the * x * - axis .
returns random string value with provided number of characters > > > random . seed ( 0 ) > > > randomstr ( 6 ) rnvnav
test pip wheel downloads wheels
retrieve list of stylesheet references from the settings object .
set the default colormap to autumn and apply to current image if any .
delete a thread .
decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are almost equal .
test whether we are running pypy .
combine the rendering times into one block
create a sparse , diagonal matrix from a list of diagonal values .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
issue a request to a specified cluster if specified via kwargs .
forget messages to / from this identity
return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data , the validation data , and the test data .
get new repository .
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
function for deleting rackspace key pairs
register pickle serializer .
calls the enable _ microsites function in the microsite backend .
low - level implementation of legendre polynomials .
a decorator for benchmark functions that measure a single iteration count .
whether the github status is not a success .
prevent this process from generating a core dump .
guess the datetime format of a given datetime string .
return the list of all available template tag modules .
given route table properties , return details of all matching route tables .
parse an abstract citation entry from the specified xml element .
simulate simple var ( p ) process with known coefficients , intercept , white noise covariance , etc .
return the full path to cscript . exe or none .
only work on mac os
refine a video by searching omdb api _ .
returns the number in a human readable format ; for example 1048576 = " 1mi " .
factory that returns a pprint function useful for sequences .
fast replacement for scipy . stats . chisquare .
get permission info
load the extension in ipython .
compute the limit of e ( z ) at the point z0 .
the gae datastore creates new instances of objects for each get request .
install the passed package name
perform an afsdb record lookup .
generate the indices of nonzero entries of a csr _ matrix s
closes the socket if auto _ delete is true and the socket is opened .
return the owner of a postgres object
masks sensitive data in the supplied message
set the brain used by enforce ( ) .
computes the f - measure , the harmonic mean of precision and recall .
given a url path , remove extra / s and . path elements and collapse any . . references .
return triangle having side with length l2 on the x - axis .
solve the l1 regularized problem using scipy . optimize . fmin _ slsqp ( ) .
efficient linear function for one - hot input .
sort seqs in fasta _ line by abundance , write all seqs to fasta _ out _ f
after taking n - differences of a series , return the original series
detach block volume
an insanely cpu - intensive process for finding stuff .
guess the mimetype of an uploaded file .
installs the branch in a virtualenv .
ensure that a resource is created
execute notebook in src and write the output to dst
validates configurations for lms and raise valueerror if not valid
get a bridge device name
get path with points inside the channel removed .
saml logout request initiator
this method checks for idempotency using the cluster - show command .
return iterator of node - attribute pairs for all edges in g .
dump filesystem device to the media .
verify some data has been inserted into the database .
returns information on looplifting candidates .
add a handler to the default logger , and set the format .
render provided template with a default system context .
hidden part of the secret
returns a filtered , sorted , and grouped sqlalchemy query .
make a line for logging that matches the documented log line format for backend servers .
converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
convert a string hex byte values into a byte string .
construct an isomorphism between two number fields .
defines possible queues .
callback used by pyyaml when a " ! import : " tag is encountered .
check multi line docstring start with summary .
quote an argument for later parsing by shlex . split ( )
parse commandline arguments .
convert slybot samples made before slybot 0 . 13 to new format .
plug - in bandwidth with kernel specific constant based on normal reference .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
accessor for tempfile . tempdir .
plots a curve with tangent lines .
fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio .
set all projections to active .
returns a copy of this object in cuda memory .
factory function that returns a new reentrant lock .
change the modules cut and cut _ for _ search functions to the parallel version .
problem rest controller
transform ip string to " safe " format .
initializer _ list : initializer
sort a list of pairs into a single list of models .
return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv .
main entry - point for the cli tool .
it would remove pre - requisite course milestone for course referred by course _ key .
generates a url to the given endpoint with the method provided .
save a collection summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
create a bigqueryclient .
add xml from loop .
only work on proxy
get all defined fixed ips .
parses the xml string into the header and payload .
clear the cached info in both memcache and env
make sure process name is recorded when loggers are used .
creates a feedback thread and its first message .
get the private ip of the current machine .
return event to a postgres server
create a node by staff members .
returns file names of source files containing fortran abi wrapper routines .
to get brew default commands on local environment
returns the tag constant associated with the given entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
formats a datetime per rfc 3339 .
error code lookup .
helper function for validating property values .
uninstall an apk from the device .
valid c + + names are not always valid in python , so provide alternate naming > > > force _ to _ valid _ python _ variable _ name # doctest : + allow _ unicode opt _ lambda > > > force _ to _ valid _ python _ variable _ name # doctest : + allow _ unicode inputvolume
merge the two specified dicts
make sure the tests are running against the installed package .
find the bit immediately greater than or equal to n
unregister and destroy a vm
open a file safely , ensuring that its directory exists .
map c { oserror } and c { ioerror } to standard ftp errors .
process all resources in a single file
remove any boto test related hits
un - archive the comic file .
probability that each gaussian - dist r . v .
kills the word before point , using " not a letter nor a digit " as a word boundary .
add or remove breakpoints
show aggregate statistics per template .
returns the sauce labs username and access id as set by environment variables
function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views .
try to cast the array / value to a datetimelike dtype , converting float nan to inat
composite one or more images onto a canvas - async version .
deserializes a user defined function .
clears the cache .
this operator works on the constants of the tree * individual * .
breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects .
set and retrieve the datetime value of self . headers [ header ]
returns the bit depth of the python interpreters architecture as a string .
append the first leaf tokens subtypes .
take the dictionary of params and encode keys and values to ascii if its unicode
download objects from cloud files to a local path specified by " dest " .
show image with foreground and background areas .
parse lists of key , value pairs as described by rfc 2068 section 2 and convert them into a python dict : > > > d = parse _ dict _ header > > > type ( d ) is dict
return the command - line arguments to use for the scrapy crawl process that will be started for this message
get vision service using discovery .
admin view that displays the current schema _ version .
run the application .
print ndarray for debugging .
get checkbox tag .
creates the zip file that is sent to the guest .
initialize a target set with noisy string to match based on the schematas provided .
send an api . fault notification .
parse a list of reftuple specs to a list of reftuples .
get the shortest possible module name
select the best step according to trust region reflective algorithm .
get the default site encoding
plots a sequence of cdfs .
sets the modules counting options .
given the value of a header like :
stacks the : class : compositeglyphs .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
chops lines ending with 1csa 14 and the like .
parse the " set - cookie " header , and return a list of cookies .
main entry point for ansible module
generate the path for an instances pxe config file .
only work when make - bcache is installed
read bti channel config .
parse an ssh url
return an interable of emailmessages to send when a new thread is created .
returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges .
convert a volume to a dataset name .
handover command section 9 . 1 . 15
sets the close - on - exec bit for a file descriptor .
provides pdbedit if available
softplus of a tensor .
returns least used lun id available on the given host .
get the top army of awesome contributors .
return homogeneous rotation matrix from euler angles and axis sequence .
test an orm query of only the entity columns .
convert the given numba type to a ctypes type .
remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package .
load the default config file from the default ipython _ dir .
add a request to the labjackud request stack
calculate some benchmarking statistics .
interrupt running process , and provide a python prompt for interactive debugging .
gpu convolution using cudnn from nvidia .
send email notification .
generates rst to place a thumbnail in a gallery
return a uniform random intersection graph .
setup the mysensors platform for sensors .
this returns a configuration value for a site configuration or microsite configuration which has an org _ filter that matches with the argument .
combine all translations from . csv files in all apps .
find arma approximation to ar process
runs func on objects in parallel while ensuring that func is ran on object only after it is ran on all its dependencies .
parse the scrub statistics from zpool status
downloads sina videos by url .
joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string , handling the various formats supported for lat / lng values .
lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens .
if value is empty , return default
update app install counts for all published apps .
uninstall packages with pip
display negative chains .
return true if is executed
return the graph complement of g .
get the style dictionary for matplotlib line objects
test bem model creation from python with i / o
get a datetime object or a int ( ) epoch timestamp and return a pretty string like an hour ago , yesterday , 3 months ago , just now , etc credit : URL
decrypts a string cypher with the private key key
get version information from git keywords .
generate captions with beam search .
update an instance info cache record in the table .
get the top support forum contributors .
transforms the output of parse ( ) into a text object .
takes a configuration and checks to make sure all required properties are present .
signal that this template extends a parent template .
fetches all authors of the exploration excluding the given author and all the other recipients .
find the script .
note in nopython mode , this operation does not make much sense .
called after building a page .
check if pip commands behaves equally
return a random string using alphanumeric characters .
set the usage options for vispy
process show version using telnet .
get triangle mesh from derivation , elementnode , negatives and positives .
fake version of os . rename .
return the summary of all sales records for a particular course
coerce value to a float , if set or not nullable .
convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
calculate totals for a budget
converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications .
assign front numbers to the solutions in h according to the solutions in l .
start a server instance .
handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
recursively looks through the supplied argument and converts and text to unicode
builder for rebulk object .
ndim permutations with repetitions of .
creates an instance of the target class from a string .
produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components .
patch information in a source space .
force on - going live migration to complete .
pass the application instance as parameter to the method .
test whether currents w3af directory is a git repository .
called in the masters event loop every loop _ interval .
try rendering as html , then xml , then give up .
raises an exception if value is not a valid namespace string .
try to decodes a method request
set up the pvoutput sensor .
call the api !
all attributes containing a deprecated note shouldnt be documented anymore .
gets a list of all db tables that are physically installed .
show properties of one or more units / jobs or the manager name the services name
get all available regions for the sqs service .
readers that strip whitespace from lines should ignore trailing whitespace after the last data value of each row .
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts .
locate and return a role function from its language - dependent name , along with a list of system messages .
set the scaling of the * y * - axis .
returns boolean array index indicating which column holds the intercept
parse a string referring to a single commit .
make sure the application is in the foreground
remove escape character | from url
run mn to find mininet version in vm
only load if the timezone module is available in _ _ salt _ _
encodes | list | suitably for consumption by posix shells .
implement x is not y as not .
grab a lock on job : server _ log _ metrics and call runonce .
a test method parameterization class decorator .
displays a matplotlib figure using iterm2 inline - image escape sequence .
resume an instance instance _ id
test that imageidfield only accepts id values .
explicitly fail an currently - executing test with the given message .
assign cart from cookie to request user
label encoding from tree lstm paper
add asset to db
translate column names for sorting .
given the package destination directory , the tarball containing debian files and package sources , use pbuilder to safely build the platform package
tests to make sure the default behavior when the cache directory cant be located is correct
benchmark performances of ( 1 ) a teacher model , ( 2 ) a deeper student model with random _ init initializer ( 3 ) a deeper student model with net2deepernet initializer
renames the process calling the function to the given name .
account notification count
loads a section from an ini file , and returns a rect in a tuple
wrap an endpoint with proxy protocol support , so that the transports
common initialization between baseblob and blobber classes .
returns true if f has no factors over its domain .
return the rank for each element in * x * , return the rank 0 . . len .
get list of minimum _ grade _ credit requirement for the given course .
get all of the certificate serials in the specified store store
rescue a lost partition that was located somewhere between start and end .
return a valid field by given data
converts incoming string to a simplified ascii subset .
create a l { filelogobserver } that emits text to a specified file - like object .
parse an appyaml file and merge referenced includes and builtins .
set url root for site
erase temporary directories that were created by the get _ tmp _ dir ( ) function and that are still present .
process all include directives in the specified file , returning a path to a temporary file that contains the results of the expansion .
find the first file to match the path and ref , read the file out of hg and send the path to the newly cached file
make sure that any unhandled errors from the given deferred are reported when the test case ends .
vehicles of fire stations
determine the index of greatest byte that isnt all zeros , and return the bitmap that contains all the bytes less than that index .
find a working elementtree implementation , trying the standard places that such a thing might show up .
returns true if all the filters in the given settings evaluate to true .
find a transform between matched sets of points .
return a name leaf
make the default signal map for this system .
return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and edges in the containers ignore _ nodes and ignore _ edges .
format * sql * according to * options * .
provide data for the corresponding dashboard section
extract a metadata dictionary from a files path > > > import pprint > > > settings = { . . .
only load this module if the ldap config is set
returns the pth - percentile value in x
releases ownership of an exploration to the community .
setup the raspberry pi gpio devices .
convenience function to make the rest api call for node creation .
apply a function using args / kwargs .
format the job instance correctly
sink log entries to storage .
convert a scipy . sparse vector into gensim document format .
list the states which are currently disabled
unpack an array or structure of values , return a python tuple .
convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
get the join notification service .
check if the shop wizard and all setup blocks are complete
parses html for a tag like :
make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name
returns a httpresponseredirect instance if the current page says a redirect should happen .
check users course passing status .
load the results from the file filename , and generate the corresponding plot .
initialize logging defaults for scrapy .
represent a layer
check if value is matching any of the compiled regexes in the progs list .
get all methods defined in a class .
list all changes records for a zone .
configure network on the cmc or individual idrac .
list resources to load specifying either : mods : a comma separated string listing modules db : a database name
generate a figure with an image plot for hist _ data , bins on the y axis and time on the x axis .
attach a total comments counter to each object of the queryset .
this will store a list of available languages in the context .
publish an old - style event to a new - style observer .
manage a given file , this function allows for a file to be downloaded from the salt master and potentially run through a templating system .
return exit code , after performing an in - process test run .
changes mac address of iface to a random mac .
sets the iam policy for a topic .
the year of the training event
discover new items in any extra directories and add the new values .
log to stderr , thread - safely .
compare common files in two directories .
run a nipype interface .
ensure hold is absent on the system name : string name of holdt snapshot : string name of snapshot recursive : boolean recursively releases a hold with the given tag on the snapshots of all descendent file systems .
decorator that registers a class with the given utility name .
given a sequence of bytes , decodes them into frames .
clear the brain used by enforce ( ) .
return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page .
specialized version of nose . run for use inside of doctests that test test runs .
get the cubic path by begin and end .
conditional evaluation according to string value
reads exactly n bytes from socket
format the first line of the message , which contains summary information about the changeset and links to the changelog if a web url has been configured :
get the number of votes an object has .
return source with all non - allowed tags removed , preserving the text content
return a list of meters by user .
a simple 2d drawing interface for pil images .
add faces given stl text .
derive one or more keys from a password .
lists all teams with the organization .
given an addon , generate num random ratings .
link to a bokeh github issue .
admin view that displays redis info + config output for all backends .
a with - context that creates a temporary directory .
internal function : serialize native types .
update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll / exe file dstpath .
assign _ get _ conn and _ cache _ id functions to the named module .
force as many objects as possible to be collected .
make a layout with some stats about duplication
a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to write .
local datetime object of the next sun setting .
lag plot for time series .
decodes value from base64 to plain format and deserializes its content > > > base64unpickle foobar
returns all series matching normalized _ name
compute the average over a numeric iterable .
transform complex vector via a composition of rokhlins random transform , random subselection , and an fft .
create a template that renders a form
get server weight name
return the set of fields that the requester can initialize for a thread
syntax color the given node containing python source code .
prevent user objects from being deleted , even by superusers .
cheap and simple computation in simple case
splits x into equal sized chunks .
delete tags for a resource .
substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements .
preprocess a code by removing comments , version and merging includes .
get a local filename for a url using the content disposition header
return an html string representing an lxml tree .
project notifications delete confirmation view
retrieve configuration groups for nvp clusters .
returns httperror with 415 unavailable for legal reasons error from the active application .
returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs
get an external ip address for this node that can in theory connect to the given host and port .
returns true if the application has access to the specified bucket .
return list of strings
running the " harvest " will run all apps but those within lettuce _ avoid _ apps
adds the - - gae - sdk option to py . test .
parse grub conf file
get x intersections from the x intersection index list , in other words subtract non negative intersections from negatives .
generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename :
verifies that a key is active that is present time is after not _ before and before not _ after .
from an n x p design matrix d and a matrix l , tries to determine a p x q contrast matrix c which determines a contrast of full rank , i . e . the n x q matrix dot ( transpose ( c ) , pinv ( d ) ) is full rank .
returns the currently active script prefix .
given a dtype , return a c name like int64 _ t or double
convert from points to pixels
construct ems autosupport log message with storage pool info .
unittest decorator to skip a test for pypy
gexf networks can be read in gephi , however , the keys for the node and edge ids must be converted to strings
test equalization of channels .
returns the given sentence object as an xml - string .
detect if we are running in an ubuntu - based distribution
return a list of an instance of every supported extractor .
get the index _ in _ children _ list , if any , from module using xml as an alternative source .
if not none , tries to validate as an int
untar file into dir
dummy view to generate a helpful dynamic redirect to interface with control _ panel app
this function implement a limited version of source address selection algorithm defined in section 5 of rfc 3484 .
set up the fitbit sensor .
get all instances that match all filters sorted by multiple keys .
multiply the values in a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
adds a new table to the datastore .
generate a discretedp randomly .
do this if the vm wont connect to the internet .
returns a path to a template
return a common configuration copy with only log - related config left
create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script .
add the x intersection indexes for a loop .
evaluate a jinja expression using a given context with support for lazydicts
raise an httpexception and save it in environ for use by error pages .
returns the efficiency of a pair of nodes in a graph .
main entry point for module execution
returns a map : { dn _ detail : invoiced _ qty }
computes the transitive closure of a list of implications
convolve spatio - temporal filters with a movie .
computes the sum - squared cross - covariance penalty between y and z
get a data entry in a datastore
dump to a file .
show the current value of a particular configuration option .
bind the domain represented by app _ name to the locale directory locale _ dir .
returns a set of email addresses that have been cleaned from list _ id
escape all non - alphanumeric characters in pattern .
whether the llvm type * typ * is a struct type .
if the loader is currently being swapped
function to execute node . run ( ) , catch and log any errors and return the result dictionary
get the file name , without the extension .
calculate the pixel scale along each axis of a non - celestial wcs , for example one with mixed spectral and spatial axes .
delete specified key in the qos _ specs .
this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors .
returns non - complete fake apiclient .
reconstruct matrix from complex id .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
return an iterable of paths of directories to load app templates from .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
get loop lists from path .
search for series and return a dict with a series - list key .
this function is really a stub , it could return variables to be used in a playbook .
check if address is valid
perform validation on kwargs .
this function will fix the bug reported at URL by clearing the vary header whenever the mime - type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle .
matrix square root .
create a feat preprocessing workflow together with freesurfer
wsgi entry point
use a regexp to parse raw lsmod output and get module information
update the named alias to the configuration .
return the docstring content for the given docstring node .
log warnings about useless client components modules .
updates repo from remote sources
process the xml element .
function to return the html - string of the node drawings for the gantt chart
calls into the admin api to get log urls for the user , time range and log filename regular expression specified in the command line arguments .
helper function to get a django setting by name .
caches the profile , to avoid db queries at every call .
start the given command , and return a subprocess object .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
setup bloomsky component .
update download supernav
combine the elements of a tuple as returned by urlsplit ( ) into a complete url as a string .
reveal a file in the finder .
setup the rpi cover platform .
rename hotfix branch to hotfix / and optionally finish hotfix .
import a module .
unsecape escaped text
create results file for storing results of running in a multiple target mode .
gets a valid number for the specified country calling code for a non - geographical entity .
generate rpn proposals on a single image .
process the xml element .
creates an old - style versioned asset url .
returns a normalized locale code for the given locale name .
return of executing cmd in a shell .
decorator for functions which alter resource usage .
lists all existing real and fake bridges .
parse a bytes string into a message object model .
make an intermediate bar dictionary .
split source code into python identifier - like tokens
set the default colormap to viridis and apply to current image if any .
check if object is a bracketregion .
check that the supplied value is an internet protocol address , v . 4 , represented by a dotted - quad string , i . e . 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 .
return the angle between the two points in range from - 180 to 180 .
int128 : a 128 bit unsigned integer returns a base - 36 string representation
update pacman package definitions .
create folders in paths .
ensure that the desired s3 bucket exists , creating it if needed .
attempt to find the function in libc , otherwise return a no - op func .
reports for long function bodies .
filter to convert given timestamp to format .
demonstrate some api features .
simply decodes json query and makes the api call .
function is main entry for conversion and import of format 2 workflows .
apply pylint to the file specified if it is a * . py file
return existing column families for all keyspaces or just the provided one .
loads the user augmentation class .
return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state
main routine : open resource file , call dialog handler
given the real and imaginary parts of a complex number , determine if it is a candidate for membership in the mandelbrot set given a fixed number of iterations .
ensure that the tkinter package excluded by pil package hooks is unimportable by frozen applications explicitly importing only the latter .
build software using a recipe .
get the dot product of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s .
return the major and minor version numbers from a full version string .
find ecg peaks .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables
removes the local cache folder and the local cache files
return an in - memory workbook , suitable for a django response .
pull changes from the default remote repository and update the branch .
estimate the space that an xfs filesystem will take .
make sure the user is not attempting to use dnn . conv . workmem _ bwd .
modify any key - value pair where value is a datetime object to a string .
summarize the list of failure traces .
assignment _ expression : conditional _ expression
call flask view function for a given url .
creates a virtual machine from the given vm information .
forward fill values in a dataframe with special logic to handle cases that pd . dataframe . ffill cannot and cast columns to appropriate types .
load and instantiate all client tests .
return a tuple in the form of the application output .
return adjacency representation of graph as a dictionary of lists .
set a key / value pair in the rest interface
validate event listeners
executes the passed command .
resolves contact identities to user ids .
creates an image memory referencing pixel data in a byte buffer .
decodes dbkey and returns tuple
save tensorflow model checkpoint
patch the named member on an object with a mock object .
extract data rows from rarefaction data matrix .
pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists .
check line endings for a directory
queues a system email for a email change notification .
abstracts out the basics of issuing system commands .
returns a tuple of the pootle version .
splits a patch into separate pieces for each file .
extract the uptime string from the given device .
takes an iterator of range iters and yields a multipart / byteranges mime document suitable for sending as the body of a multi - range 206 response .
get path with outline .
disassociate qos _ specs from volume type .
create a vm record .
similar to pythons built in getattr , but takes a list of nested attributes , instead of a single attribute .
renders the storage account queue details .
all inequality operations on a and b result in class inequality .
run result worker .
stat _ type can be in _ octets , out _ octets , in _ ucast _ pkts , out _ ucast _ pkts returns the counter value as an integer
postgresql - specific form of : class : . array _ agg , ensures return type is : class : . postgresql . array and not the plain : class : . types . array .
flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains
extract a single : class : element from the stream according to the specs
add a new stokes axis that is uncorrelated with any other axes .
manipulate the xml element .
indicates if a security group is currently in use .
return information about server health .
register all globally visible functions .
this is the websocket handler function .
make an html table of the downloads .
creates a django form on the fly with arguments from the query .
determine if the point is at least the minimumdistance away from other points .
auxiliary function to iterate over views in trans fig .
list the quotas for a tenant .
make a package repository and optionally sign it and packages present
this function creates the images , using matplotlib .
expected value of the log of the determinant of a wishart
reddit - job - update _ promos : intended to be run hourly to pull in scheduled changes to ads
generator to yield various combinations of strings regexes
updates an existing module on the server .
compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk .
contructs a draft _ node namedtuple with defaults .
verify that the pattern does not match the string
determine the distributions for which packages can be built .
returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref .
testing utility for capturing registrations .
disable key rotation for specified key .
decorator that wraps functions that indicate the beginning of a new gp generation .
a decorator that synchronizes the method call with self . _ lock .
given a package directory return a list of all available python modules in the package and its subpackages
linear congruential generator
add collar and shaft .
generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project .
tells virtualbox to stop a vm .
temporarily disable memory deallocation .
sum outerproduct dot over individuals loop version
ensure that the data argument will accept tuples of strings and properly encode them .
decorator to execute the given action function * after * the responder .
clear unclaimed _ records for confirmed users .
validate that a phone number is in international format .
prints the maximum of two numbers .
parse a raw string in header .
smoothing spline filtering of a rank - 2 array .
create dask array from a dask dataframe
create an importable module
render the latex math expression * math * using latex and dvipng or dvisvgm .
compare estimated chpi positions .
convert profiling _ data to calltree format and dump it to outputfile profiling _ data can either be : - a pstats . stats instance - the filename of a pstats . stats dump - the result of a call to cprofile . profile . getstats ( ) outputfile can either be : - a file ( ) instance open in write mode - a filename
only load the module if open vswitch is installed
decorator to define a reader macro called name .
check if a database name is valid .
return a deferred which fires when all of the supplied deferreds have themselves fired .
converts a uri in a given charset to a iri .
return the current status , enabled or disabled , of the job .
wrap tags around some text and html - escape it .
parses a string and return a datetime . date .
retrieve configuration groups not listed above .
this is a utility function to retrieve a 3d cartesian kd - tree from various sorts of astropy coordinate objects .
lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its decoder function .
only if virt module is available .
parses the given server _ string and returns a list of host and port .
attempts to parse a m3u8 playlist from a string of data .
adds a value over a range of rows .
make sure there is a leading / dev / .
make has its own variable expansion syntax using $ .
use this function when threads are being used .
runs a command as a background process .
get current memory limit in bytes .
converts a namespace string into an int representing its lexographic order .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d numpy array with optional mapping .
show properties of a launchctl service
return a context manager for a copy of the supplied context
run a command as a daemon .
setup the nest thermostat .
defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter .
bounding - box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
load and combine multiple ini configs with profiles .
return an unconfigured crawler object .
creates an indentation prefix string of the given size .
instantiate the xception architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
deletes the secondary backup if it exists , upon successful backup .
approximate an arbitrary square matrix with a factor - structured matrix of the form k * i + xx .
entry point for external callers .
construct a subtest in a unittest .
find the path to the folder associated with a given profile .
normalize return as float
compute the spline for the antiderivative of a given spline .
logs an error for each line containing bad characters .
parses configuration data from a kernel . config .
loading a dasbhoard featuring misc charts
returns whether the targets are in the top k predictions # arguments predictions : a tensor of shape batch _ size x classess and type float32 .
django doesnt particularly understand rest .
produces a copy of the provided series shifted by one , starting with 0 .
parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2 - tuples
get words on a line .
return a dict with keys verbose _ name and verbose _ name _ plural , typically for use with string formatting .
sequentially scans table , updating each scan item to trigger necessary upgrades .
show details about the given network .
computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain .
decodes a value using urllib . unquote and deserializes it from json .
a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation
register one or more module names to be rewritten on import .
return image data from tiff file ( s ) as numpy array .
signal that this template extends a parent template .
unary _ expression : sizeof lparen type _ name rparen
test if an object is a container but not a string
reset permissions for given doctype .
log a message along with some of the post info from paypal .
retrieve layer attribute names & types from geoserver , then store in geonode database using attribute model
takes a list of supported mime - types and finds the best match for all the media - ranges listed in header .
convert string to unicode or raise an exception .
discrete fourier transform matrix .
generate a dict of filename - > mtime
adapted from python 2 . 7s timedelta . total _ seconds ( ) method .
convert nested user _ answer to flat format .
setup our skeleton component .
translates a flat sequence of items into a set of prefixed aliases .
build and load a : class : pyalgotrade . barfeed . quandlfeed . feed using csv files downloaded from quandl .
add a record to a registered service .
represents an api entity resource and the associated serialization and deserialization logic
report diagnosis for any symptoms we find .
get a list of random wikipedia article titles .
a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate
returns a gcsfilestat iterator over a bucket .
construct the authn context with a authn context declaration
return average and standard deviation of the given list
thumbnail url generator for vimeo videos .
avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non - breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
reduce a system of inequalities with rational coefficients .
matrix or vector norm .
round to nearest grid corner
loads the grunfeld data and returns a dataset class .
get the arc complexes , procedure at URL # arcimplementationnotes
format a list of message sizes appropriately for a complete list response .
remove keys that arent serialized .
test if * name * is installed .
this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information .
generate an array of unicode strings .
list all gemsets for the given ruby .
log error message at error level and fail the entry
command line tool , entry point
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
convert string beta _ loss to float
raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist , or is not public .
jit compile a python function conforming to the hsa - python
this function checks if the url content is stable requesting the same page two times with a small delay within each request to assume that it is stable .
use pexpect to change the logging buffer size .
returns a decoder for a message field .
creates a admin user .
explicitly claim an interface .
validates that a freeform string argument to a rpc method call is given .
given a callable , determine the input variables and the parameters .
execute the onlyif and unless logic .
default action which deletes the selected objects .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
attempt to parse the message for a user _ op _ manager execute line and extract user , device , op , class , and method .
get certname from flag , interactively , or error out .
this optimization makes the folowing changes in the graph :
return snapshot name .
defines a setting thats handled via a command line option in msbuild .
reduce mapping file dict and biom table to shared samples .
display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
convert a index object to a native structure .
notify user about auto creation of indent
get any model object and represent it as a dict
merge metadata present in the old packet that is not present in the new one into the new one .
toggle teletext transparent status on video output .
handle the revision save signal .
get the globals dict
show the requested items / skills
get the default volume type .
test stc pandas exporter
return the url to add _ tag _ async for question 1 , an untagged question .
decode a bson objectid to bson . objectid . objectid .
parse data files from lutkepohl book
helper for : py : func : _ match _ emr _ step _ syslog _ path and
return the currently active : term : application registry or the global application registry if no request is currently active .
attempt to locate a fabfile , either explicitly or by searching parent dirs .
start a domain based on the xml - file path passed to the function
computes the precession matrix from one julian epoch to another .
determines the hex color for a layer .
setup a plexserver based on host parameter .
set up the emoncms sensor .
convert string representation into a lexicon for ccgs .
backport of os . walk from 2 . 6 , where the * followlinks * argument was added .
return ceil without performing any floating - point operations .
distribute keys to servers - requires preceding with test or prod
makes a cached version of socket . _ getaddrinfo to avoid subsequent dns requests .
diff using an arbitrary expression .
returns true if the given string is a well - formed ip address .
file extension matches a source file extension .
plot sinusoidal lines with colors following the style color cycle .
pack nibbles to binary
lists all datasets in a given project .
convert string into an identifier and return it .
remove all modules from cache that come from testdir
returns the csrf token required for a post form .
write a cookie
calls func up to max _ tries times until it returns true
return the stop point of the next batch for expiration .
emit the status of all devices returned by adb
helper function to read the pickled metadata from an object file .
returns the first item returned by iterating over an iterable object .
helper to iterate over retuerner _ types and pick the first one
return an generator for all styles by name , both builtin and plugin .
test drawing transformed ellipses using ellipsevisual
register a klass as the factory for a given type url .
take as input a dns encoded string and returns a list of dns names contained in it .
attach the specified zone .
transforms sentence into a list of indices .
get counts for add - on compatibility reports .
build service path
implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in
compiles template _ string into nodelist ready for rendering
listen to slack events and forward them to salt
if * ty * is an integer , expand it to a machine int .
get any new elements and process the shape .
remove aliases from dask
delete the given metadata item .
helper function that converts json lists to line delimited json .
frequency response of a filter in zpk format , using mpmath .
search indexes for clients .
returns the number of bits required to hold a specific long number .
destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
creates a key and saves it to a given path .
anderson - darling test for normal distribution unknown mean and variance
returns version information about the api .
the cookies for auth and session are separate .
return a custom composite of status data and info for this minion , based on the minion config file .
segments image using quickshift clustering in color - space .
generates a list of prettytables from a string of html code .
retain permissions of parent for childs
verifies that the zmq module is present .
list the modified files that belong to a package .
convert rgb image to two - dimensional array of rgba values .
given a data dictionary from an event this returns all relevant stacktraces in a list .
script main program .
show all directories .
return an ordered list of the first 5 exercise ids under a given subtopic / topic .
fast solexa fastq to sanger fastq conversion .
computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope .
saves the most current item revisions to a json file .
replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls
iterates over records in a gene association file .
inline sleep for use in co - routines .
extend a list of simpletables , adding titles to header of subtables
function of double angle to product .
find and register a package .
mapping function from task - > consistent name .
redirect to apps home page if app reviewer .
get lifecycle information about an extension
generates full page in controller
fetch data for blob .
normalize a path , as represented by a list of strings each representing one segment of the path .
new item form
adds the " x - object - type " and " x - object - id " headers to the given
always return 1 .
compute zeros of integer - order bessel function jn ( x ) .
connect to amazon cognito sync
returns the number of bytes in either the nearest unit or a specific unit .
filters tool panel elements so that only those that are compatible with provided filters are kept .
helper function to create an initial state given inputs .
remove a cron job for a specified user .
returns a list of headers .
perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 . 1 . 3 of rfc 3756 .
check if the provided ipv4 or ipv6 address is a valid
get all users in a realm
test the figimage method
returns the configuration of the users on the device
most common elements occurring more then n times
get user info
ax : axes . axes
register internal trigger types .
registers a callback for log handling .
ensures file path is built correctly for remote unix system
updates course requirements table for a course .
checks if a field is solenoidal .
computes the gradient and the hessian , in the case of a multinomial loss .
schedules a set of hosts for verify .
gets the list of properties for the collection of objects of the type specified .
minimize a function using the constrained optimization by linear
calculate the frequency response of a continuous - time system .
simple example of using tvdb _ api - it just grabs an episode name interactively .
read mm _ header tag from file and return as numpy . rec . array .
add staff and instructor roles on ccx to all the staff and instructors members of master course .
runs a simple http server hosting wsgi app func .
update modification and creation times from git
returns the huber loss and the gradient .
test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified .
get all issues closed since a particular point in time .
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
render a datetime object or timestamp string as a localised date or in the requested format .
eulers method for numerical integration .
send emails to employees of the enabled companies at the give hour asking them what did they work on today
function that loads the dataset into shared variables
warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique .
get the resource limit as reported by the admin console .
returns a list of available languages and their 2 char input codes
return complex 2d gabor filter kernel .
formats a float value to be as short as possible .
return a string representing the default user agent .
raise 404 httpnotfound error
returns a list with line number , definition name , fold and token .
load all the senteces from a list of txt files using standard file io
re - quote the given uri .
convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it .
this view is for researching new search and data filtering options .
this function exploit the sql injection on the affected
add or remove a parameter in the http get query string
checks to see if a file exists
allow a specific icmp type on a zone . .
plot multiple fitness curves on a single figure , with the following customizations :
helper function to solve equation involving absolute value function
project custom resource headers
find the requested tag in the specified repo
click the button / link with the given css and index on the specified page .
grabs a list of the top tracks for a last . fm username
this is the primary entry point for logging into any system ( posix or
returns an identity matrix of size n .
apply a system rollback
checks if a user has access to a course based on its prerequisites .
for numbers 1 - 9 , returns the number spelled out .
returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code .
return all metrics
signal an error condition - - in a gui , popup a error dialog
return url for gcs emulation on dev appserver .
send email after event export
generate a random id number .
test directed graph for weak connectivity .
run a torch based job .
returns a dict with all non - private exploration summary domain objects , keyed by their id .
test wheter an object is an instance of the rat class .
edit a topic by the topic author .
delete [ ] - delimited comments out of a file and break into lines separated by ; .
quick and dirty nonisomorphism checker used to check isomorphisms .
tests to see if path is a valid file .
print unicode arguments safely by encoding them to preferred _ encoding
a view that modifies the session
ensure the ca filesystem exists .
execute the states in one or more sls files test
this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index .
find the most preferable datastore in a given retrieveresult object .
generate a random url - safe string .
mark the specified task _ id as being in progress .
copy our snapshot of the ios simulators media directory which has 10 photos .
replace replace in string x .
detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes .
rename files to conform to new image format , if needed .
returns a list of all valid course _ ids that fall alphabetically between start _ word and end _ word .
set the device mtu .
convert corpus into a dense np array .
get file from a request , save it locally and return its path
require the english language .
create a volume
update qos specs .
write to access log with a warn log level
login using humanitarian . id
the restful handler for course team users .
scan function that uses less memory , but is more restrictive .
parses policy to the tree .
blast sequences against all genes in a genome seqs - - input sequences as strings blast _ db - - path to blast database e _ value - - e _ value max _ hits - - maximum sequences detected by blast to show word _ size - - word size for initial blast screen .
test plotting of source spectrogram .
perform the jarque - bera goodness of fit test on sample data .
builds the cmd args for temporary access / deny opts .
decorator for running once with and once without the - - use - experimental - runner flag .
return the line graph l of the graph g .
prompts for confirmation .
get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
handles single rpc calls
reload schema for a doctype
loads a custom template tag set .
this is a function for voting on whether functions should run .
check if misc / acks has been changed .
assume access to the path is allowed .
this removes a directly provided interface from an object .
return sorted list of pairs , representing the available languages .
checks the permissions for user on media .
construct ordereddict from ! ! omap in yaml safe load .
prints common pagination details .
given a uri , delete an image from the store .
parse a string in one of the supported formats , using the parserinfo parameters .
add a source of messages to the event log .
get information about a session .
remove all children from the given node .
a function used instead of " print " for debugging output .
read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
this function creates the images , using matplotlib .
return some spine parameters for the spine , spine _ key .
restful crud controller
searches for a single track and returns an iterable of trackinfo objects .
encodes html entities in the given string .
return the number of connected components .
try to open the given filename , and slightly tweak it if this fails .
send reply for request .
wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect - specific options
helper function for rs _ exp .
compute infinite - medium magnetic field at one meg sensor .
single transaction view page
return a new callback for the platform .
read a python file from a url , using the encoding declared inside the file .
return dict of registry keys and values .
download quandl symbol metadata .
returns only the gdal version number information .
check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests
traverse translatable index node from a document tree .
queries the specified network device for coalescing information
display a dialog asking the user for a filename to save to .
sends a status report for the given task to the appscale portal .
add all of the log - likelihoods together by id .
backport of np . bincount post numpy 1 . 6
use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed
given a domain , returns its dns cname mapping and dns ttl .
tests whether the activate bat file or link in the activated environment works ok
builds a glob listing existing output paths .
decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier .
generate a unique id .
check that the a controller and its handlers are properly protected from csrf attacks
retrieves metadata about the given bucket .
print a string with ordered color with each character
gets a list of projects from a directory , where each json file is considered a project
return predefined error results .
private method that returns a root from elementtree for a remote xml document .
required method to auto register this checker
parse user id .
generate suitable dictionary list for locations field of image .
view a feed .
set the mode of a file path file or directory of which to set the mode mode mode to set the path to
get list of raw key codes corresponding to zero or more key presses
a generator of batches of training data for use with the fit _ generator function of keras .
internal routine to get nobodys uid
check if were inside an ipython qtconsole
parameters x : string , pandas series , list , or numpy array x values y : string , pandas series , list , or numpy array y values color : string color values size : string size values fill : string fill values data : data frame data frame to use for the plot geom : string string that specifies which type of plot to make stat : list specifies which statistics to use position : list gives position adjustment to use xlim : tuple limits on x axis ; i . e . ylim : tuple , none limits on y axis ; i . e . log : string which variables to log transform main : string title for the plot xlab : string title for the x axis ylab : string title for the y axis asp : string the y / x aspect ratio
converts a given system of equations into matrix form .
write the settings to a file .
add to treeset all variables that are views of v , given that v is not a view .
log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger .
external on _ start decorator .
return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
elide a filename to the given length .
returns list of names of all modules from pythonpath folders .
builds an icc transform mapping from the inputprofile to the outputprofile .
get rectangular grid .
this function provides the backward compatibility for imp . load _ source in python 2 .
clusters the given list of vectors using the k - means or hierarchical algorithm .
attempt to perform path surgery to find cmd
return an instance of plotly . graph _ objs . figure with the subplots domain set in layout .
determine a retcode for a given return
returns the ac / dc values in an array for a guid and subguid for a the given scheme
takes a team stats json entry and converts it to a teamstats namedtuple .
register language support with the manager .
sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616
convert an ip address from binary form into text represenation
fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
decode a base64 - encoded string using the " modern " python interface . .
run by cron on a schedule to send things to
set new rate limit for a task type .
params needs to be an ordered dict , b / c cybersource documentation states that order is important .
parse common arguments for ssl endpoints , creating an l { certificateoptions } instance .
return indices of unique boxes .
create save keyring locally
return a color table with fields for exception reporting .
adds file with given pathspec to the hash file store .
delete objects in a given s3 bucket .
adds two theano scalars together and returns the result .
recursively traverse the addons file tree and collect metadata in aggregatestatresult
returns if | spec | should be treated as a bundle .
multidimensional laplace filter using gaussian second derivatives .
return unicode name , if not already unicode , decode with utf - 8 or latin1
configure the nameservers on the drac
return tha maximun of membersh for a concrete project .
takes a string that contains * valid * html and turns it into a python object structure that can be easily compared against other html on semantic equivalence .
remove a user from the minion
only load if strace is installed
retrieve the output of a sql query characted by character taking advantage of an blind sql injection vulnerability on the affected parameter through a bisection algorithm .
dynamically load a view class from a string path " myapp . views . myview " - - used for dynamic settings
setup an enocean sensor device .
retrieves global physical network mtu setting .
draws streamlines of a vector flow .
sort key for tree entry in name order .
scroll the browser window to the element
set up the zabbix component .
create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots .
converts strings to standard sizes .
a view that expects a post , and returns a different template depending on whether any post data is available
make sure that a gem is not installed .
write jobs attributes to file
convert a 2 - tuple of slices to start , stop , steps for x and y .
builds an array of matrices from individuals np . arrays of identical shapes .
sets the event transaction id to a uuid object generated from new _ id .
generate html files for the online documentation .
update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
helper for various string - wrapped functions .
list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation .
return local mode of an image .
returns an iterator of approximately n values v1 , v2 , . . .
add module to configuration file to make it persistent .
deploy your documentation to github pages
fetch items out of table that has a left column of th
compute the forward solution and do other nice stuff .
given an application name and a module name , tries to find that module in the application .
add the value to the lists .
initialize setting completion models .
compile the given source to a raw code object , and maintain an internal cache which allows later retrieval of the source code for the code object and any recursively created code objects .
return a valid fractional weight tuple to represent the weights given by a .
get a resource _ type
test updating user email using update _ user _ email function
eclick and erelease are the press and release events
changes the hostname of the device .
sends a request to the viewfinder auth service , requesting an access token to be emailed or messaged to the user .
combines check for unwanted and encrypted files to save on cpu and io
return id of the live cluster with specified name .
relu activation function
ensure a team is present name
generate a token used for one - click unsubscribe links for notification emails .
computes the skewness of a data set .
function to create oauth dispatcher .
return the last valid object name in string
insert some data into the database .
return square - free decomposition of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
scan the immediate subdirectories of the builtins module .
write a morph map to disk .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
make a transform from cardinal landmarks .
wrapper around expand that only uses the func hint .
restful crud controller
quotient by a constant in k [ x ] .
return paths to default cafile and capath .
helper function for the matrix of streaming tests for read _ parser using diginorm , i . e . uncompressed fasta , gzip fasta , bz2 fasta , uncompressed fastq , etc .
filters file path against unwanted directories and decides whether file is marked as deleted .
retrieve the database cross references for the sequence .
return a specific tenants
hook twisted deprecation machinery to use custom warning class for worker api deprecation warnings .
fetch an taskinfo entity by task _ id
run python script in an external system terminal .
pad blank space to the input string to be multiple of 80 .
convert from win32 filetime to seconds - since - epoch value .
list all available package upgrades on this system
symlinks or bat file redirects are created at activation time .
detect object classes in an image given object proposals .
downloads the current mission and returns it in a list .
stop all the given workers in the specific load balancer
change the indentation of code to new _ indents
parses the time string and returns its value as seconds since epoch .
return the major version of the current linux distribution , as a string , if provided .
set the root password to admin _ passwd admin _ password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
manage a memcached key .
returns true if given dir contains theme overrides .
translates a row and column cell address to a1 notation .
convert a complex object into primitives .
received configuration information
get os name and version string for user agent
return the wsgiapp
check if convex polygon a is completely inside of convex polygon b .
by transcripts _ presence content , figure what show to user : returns : command and subs .
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d , and sigma is 2d brute force from formula no checking of correct inputs use of inv and log - det should be replace with something more efficient
create a dict schema that matches plugins specified by kwargs
to upgrade vmware tools on all virtual machines present in the specified provider . .
take two protocol instances and connect them .
initialize connection to datadog during django startup .
test the root url of this site .
allows a decorator to take optional positional and keyword arguments .
return a person instance from the tipical . . .
attempts to fetch a machine from virtualbox and convert it to a dict
add attachment _ specs table .
process the docstring for a given python object .
assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion
counts the number of parameters in a list of layers .
connect to the replica set if there is one , otherwise the standalone .
resource header for procurements
parse the entries from a recursive info xml
check the environment for reasons libnotify isnt working .
list all groups
flips the codon characters from one seq to another .
invoke a remote method that returns something .
authentication complete process
given a slug and a request , get the document or 404 .
like pretty but print to stdout .
return a list of tuples .
wrapper around np . testing . assert _ allclose that also verifies that inputs are ndarrays .
handle scroll events .
convert a list of sequences of pattern indices , and a pattern lookup table into a an array of patterns
generate print pdf button in the view
concatenate a set of series .
transform numeric labels into onehot _ labels .
mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files .
add a tag that already exists to an object .
construct a user - agent suitable for use in client code .
decorate a function to evaluate repeatedly with the same arguments , and return the average result
edit a real server to a virtual service .
performs k - means on a set of observation vectors forming k clusters .
associated a dns domain with a project id .
computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input .
args - xmloutput [ str or none ]
display an editable course overview .
get the list of changed or added files from mercurial .
load json object from file
compute the weights and indicies of the pixels involved in the cubic interpolation along each dimension .
check whether a short number is a possible number when dialled from a region .
decorate with this method to restrict to site admins .
suggest - - gets suggested phrases for a google search
return a helper which offers a gethookrecorder method which returns a hookrecorder instance which helps to make assertions about called hooks .
update state of celery task
beta function that creates data tables
create contact based on given contact name
this indicates if this media list is read - only from a user point of view .
add arguments to arg _ parser to create a cli for interface .
process the xml element .
set state to the device by id .
gets the list of objects of the type specified .
format data to test for node privacy settings for use in treebeard .
sanitizes a string so it could be used as part of a filename .
detects an appropriate cache module and returns it .
return a boolean whether i can attempt conversion to a timedeltaindex
resource headers for component views
returns request data extracted from web . ctx .
raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance .
return the path locations for the environment
computes the cluster _ state from the passed in arguments .
return length of longest line .
helper function to encapsulate the early stopping logic
compute the three cartesian components of a vector or matrix together .
download a file from url to filename .
accepts log - values as input , exponentiates them , computes the sum , then converts the sum back to log - space and returns the result .
display available encoding presets .
returns whether a user needs to answer a required survey
find the least - squares solution to a large , sparse , linear system of equations .
set up for computing the solution at a set of meg coils .
returns all flavors .
restores an string key - value pair from a renewal config file .
reissues a purchased ssl certificate returns a dictionary of result values
get the action by request _ id and given instance .
return the id of an object as an unsigned number so that its hex representation makes sense .
check a net address validity .
remove an element from the pixel list .
main convenience function for usearch61 chimera checking input _ seqs _ fp : filepath of input fasta file .
returns a depth first sorted order if depth _ first is true
this is basic test for gpusoftmax .
check if a certain key name is actually a profile value .
turn a filesize int into a human readable filesize .
write a single - precision floating point tag to a fif file .
extracts all translatable strings from python modules inside an app
apply hugo - style shortcodes on data .
lowpass butterworth digital filter design .
parse the timezone line
returns an iterator to the dump of the database in an sql text format .
get the list of authors since the previous release
set up the zoneminder switch platform .
scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
creates volume types .
view for user to submit resend confirmation form .
pad the 2nd and 3rd dimensions of a 4d tensor with " padding [ 0 ] " and " padding [ 1 ] " zeros left and right .
plot a 2d function using matplotlib / tk .
this function will strip - isysroot path and - arch arch from the compile flags if the user has specified one them in extra _ compile _ flags .
renders a template , caching where it can .
ensure an ec2 instance is running with the given attributes and state .
find a library or framework using dyld semantics
encrypt a header value using the supplied key .
watch / unwatch a document .
check an alias for invalid characters ; raise axerror if any are found .
handles preprocessing for cut where we convert passed input to array , strip the index information and store it seperately
add the given filter to the list of know filters .
test overwrite argument for various ascii writers
returns a list of roots of a linear polynomial .
renders notification email .
respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
registers a flag object with a flagvalues object .
return a string corresponding to a commit table to embed in comfluence .
train a semi - supervised classifier .
ensure that the named service is dead by stopping the service if it is running name
load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
factory for iblockdeviceapi .
return the name of the installer built by sdist command .
automatically embed art into imported albums .
total seconds in the duration .
compute indices for the collocation system jacobian construction .
the gradient corresponding to the ith squared error term
get nic stats .
return the hash of password using pbkdf2 .
display the next frame .
exactly the same as : func : signal . signal except where
perform a partial oneshot measurement on the specified qubits .
maximum value in a tensor .
function to get the coding of a text .
remove redundant generators from a strong generating set .
randomly augments images by horizontal flipping with a probability of flip and random translation of up to trans pixels in both directions .
utility function to cleanup a temporary folder if still existing .
delete a container , then wait for it to be removed .
add multiple tools to the container .
display a warning about the dead _ actute issue if needed .
sign the tgz or zip archive that will be uploaded to pypi .
return a string representing the one - way hash of a password , with a salt prepended .
remove linebreaks from string to make it usable in javascript
shuts down the system and powers off the system
format a stylesheet based on a template .
close connections to netio devices .
get the ssh parameters for connecting to a vagrant vm named name .
checks if item is a container
recursively call force _ text on value .
get major : minor number of block device .
return the * l1 * norm of * a * , flattened out .
save list of course _ updates data dictionaries in new field and html related to course update in data field .
helper for : py : func : load _ opts _ from _ mrjob _ conf for recursive use .
flume connection details
checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true / false domains _ to _ check array of strings list of domains to check
converts urls in plain text into clickable links
reconstruct an object given its type , raw value , and possibly empty axes .
returns true if the given file - like object is closed or if f is a string .
merges options found in a config file into the main config file .
returns the index of the first character thats not whitespace , a comment or a pre - processor directive .
builds all the pages and writes them into the build directory .
strided 2 - d convolution with same padding .
set the language for the request
ensures that all requests made by the specified flask test client that include data have the correct : http : header : content - type header .
setup structured logging , and emit request . summary event on each request , as recommanded by mozilla services standard : URL URL
transfer a file from a remote url to a temporary file .
generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
get an instance per hass object .
compute betweenness centrality for edges .
check the current pages content based on a substring .
compute a list of square - free factors of f .
get all the alarms set up against the current deployment
translate an html value , using callback for translating text appearing in value .
returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind
returns last http error code
parse lines of an edge list representation of a graph .
plot the time , open , high , low , close as a vertical line ranging from low to high .
listen to events and write them to a log file
pads the given string to the given length .
add a background image to a plot .
get the most recent changes for this release by parsing
build the options for the cap _ area associated with alert _ id with the translated name
turns a sequence of date strings and returns a list of datetime .
list all available locations
delete a console .
find the line containing the datalayout and replace it
return the log in base 2 .
return concatenation of series of transformation matrices .
return a list of all available services
get the raw contents of a message from the provider .
format a stack trace and the exception information .
runs a wsgi - function with an scgi server .
scale back to 0 - 1 range in case of normalization for plotting
returns list of employee user ids for the given company who are working today
write a client library from a discovery doc , using a cloud service to file .
generates a signed json web token using the google app engine default service account .
determine whether there is a reboot pending .
does the same as : func : . create _ bedpostx _ pipeline by splitting the input dmri in small rois that are better suited for parallel processing ) .
location delete page
returns a list of the convolutional layers in a model .
load the cuda _ ndarray module if present and up to date .
internal method used to deprecate top - level assertions .
given a date in xport format , return python date .
internal method for quoting a single command - line argument .
return the contents of the named file
encode a single header line with quoted - printable encoding .
returns number of requests allowed per second for given size .
return the module specified by module .
returns a metaclass which will keep a registry of all subclasses , keyed by their id attribute .
based on the request it decides if we should send the request as multipart or not .
save profiling information
get the next callback / errback pair from the user .
configure flocker - dataset - agent on a node , so that it could join an existing flocker cluster .
sort an array and provide the argsort .
read the zip64 end - of - archive records and use that to update endrec
format str to posix .
create a network interface
return the cost - per - click given ad spend and clicks .
single function to handle turning object names into class names .
calculate the maximum width of container names so we can make the log prefixes line up like so : db _ 1 | listening web _ 1 | listening
return true if url is an about : . . .
if input is a scalar , create a sequence of length equal to the rank by duplicating the input .
create a derinteger object , already initialized with an integer .
load and return a module based on c { mod _ name } .
create a rainbow plot for a set of curves .
parses prefix from prefix - identifier
create an instance of the gax metrics api .
highlights the specified regions of text .
generate an ssh key to be used for password - less control
retrieve an authentication flow object based on the given configuration in the secret file name , the authentication scope , and a redirect urn
decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet .
registers a service with the the current agent
retrieve a cache object by name .
determines the astropy configuration directory name and creates the directory if it doesnt exist .
returns if descriptor is available on mobile .
check that predict raises an exception in an unfitted estimator .
returns truthy value if there are common elements in lists l1 and l2
compute gammainc exactly like mpmath does but allow for more summands in hypercomb .
make sure that any terminal processes still running when _ _ del _ _ was called to the waited and cleaned up .
determine whether there are pending component based servicing tasks that require a reboot .
test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
updates the list of global error suppressions .
waits for server to reach termination .
identify jobs that have been running or pending for a long time .
returns selected languages bidi layout .
glues chops back together into a string .
scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data
check if a process is already listening on the port .
affine coupling with channel - wise splitting .
mm information section 9 . 2 . 15a
scans the entire photo table , renaming existing photo asset files from old names to new .
compound _ statement : lbrace declaration _ list rbrace
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
push a quad word onto the current block stack .
fatemans gcd benchmark : linearly dense quartic inputs
returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
create a worker entry from optional arguments .
wrap fn and print its execution time .
set up all the routes for the osf app .
a feature encoding the number of opponent stones that would be captured by playing at each location , up to maximum
returns a list of requeststate instances for all current requests .
plot dipole locations .
returns a regular expression object that matches toc filenames .
return stack - trace of all active threads .
return a dict { size : url } for each profile image for a given user .
list of registered tasks .
convert a string to a boolean value .
removes the given collections from the search index .
return true if the service is enabled according to chkconfig ; otherwise return false .
try to parse value using the appropriate function from parser _ dict
cut - down version of the map viewing client .
creates or overwrites a resource record .
get a role policy .
perform the covariance m step for tied cases .
requires up to 2 database calls , but should only run with the first event in any project , so performance should not be a huge bottleneck .
return the environment variables that xcode would set .
the restful handler for requests for rendered xblock views .
generate list of persistent volumes based on oo _ openshift _ env storage options set in host variables .
api to handle service hooks from bitbucket .
email a single - use link for performing a password reset .
ensures that templates are assigned to the host .
build a flow dictionary from a residual network .
configure syslog remote logging , by default syslog will automatically be enabled if a server is specified .
attach en transcript .
return the rank of a matrix x based on its generalized inverse , not the svd .
set the flavor extra spec keys .
converts the given string to camel - case .
returns a nice name for class object or class instance .
returns a safe representation of sql identificator name
translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs .
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus residual model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ,
get the default resolver , initializing it if necessary .
if passed an exc _ info it will automatically rewrite the exceptions all the way down to the correct line numbers and frames .
print text to stdout considering its info _ level info _ level can be usage , info or warning
parses an integer .
plot channel - wise frequency spectra as topography .
get new derivation .
send d command
return limit of latest blog entries
process the xml element by derivation .
return a list of the vms on opennebula .
converts / checks if input is a valid dbref .
test dipole min _ dist to inner _ skull .
for date and time values shows how many seconds , minutes or hours ago compared to current timestamp returns representing string .
get a list of policy names from a group .
launch a web server for a given app using supplied factory .
fallback clean up method to remove temp files .
apply a hamming window to reduce a sounds click onset / offset
generate a random organism .
pairwise distances between observations in n - dimensional space .
join the queue q with a specified timeout .
send email every month with invoice to pay service fee
trigger method in hooks . scheduler _ events
gets name of role from the filepath , which is the directory following occurence of the word " roles " .
check the signature in the message .
construct edges for random geometric graph .
assign forum role rolename to user
expression _ statement : expression _ opt semi
add http as the default scheme if it is missing from the url .
mount up a path or remount if needed .
return spec for creating a shadow vm for image disk .
return configuration for the current site .
helper to compare two potentially converted forward solutions
returns all instance types .
parameters type : string 1 .
add a virtual service .
return true if the object is a code object .
get new derivation .
writes the entries resulting from the bibliography into the cache .
read meg forward .
things like get _ distros ( ) returns a list of a dictionaries convert this to a dict of dicts keyed off of an arbitrary field
get extrude output for a rack .
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to read or write .
function to format a warning the standard way .
view current working playlist .
use json to serialize python objects for db storage .
solve the equation using polynomial techniques if it already is a polynomial equation or , with a change of variables , can be made so .
return the encoding declaration according to pep 263 .
settings admin view
perform an elliptical hough transform .
plug a vif attachment object in a logical port
catch any simple command issues
returns the confusion matrix between raters ratings
create tests for classes that implement iprofiledblockdeviceapi .
given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels
pop one or more or all items from the queue return them .
get nic stats .
check if language is found .
check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments .
print the available template sets in this demo , with a short description "
calculate the barycentric position and velocity of a solar system body .
recursively load all namespaces from url patterns .
upsample over time and plot a kde of the bootstrap distribution .
wrap the given iternext ( ) implementation so that it gets passed an _ iternextresult ( ) object easing the returning of the iternext ( ) result pair .
evaluates an interval raised to a floating point .
delete keys based on a glob match .
determine a command that can be used to invoke the compiler .
checks if the staticfiles settings have sane values .
escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
add the specified group
return the earliest timestamp , last timestamp , and duration for the resource and meter .
return data reformatted to specified width .
add a role to a given theano variable .
splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis .
return indexes in each strings in the series / index where the substring is fully contained between [ start : end ] .
return a os environment dict suitable to fork processes that need to import this installation of scrapy , instead of a system installed one .
attempt calling a function or instantiating a class with a given set of arguments , raising a more helpful exception in the case of argument mismatch .
flatten a hierarchical yaml dictionary into one with composite keys .
get the vbd reference from the device number .
uses django _ cas for authentication .
create a fake dataset to initiate the training
unfortunately facebook returns 500s which mean they are down
serialize a pmap model to something json - encodable .
method to decode streams using the jpeg2000 standard
print all the one - line module summaries that contain a substring .
returns the snapshots for this exploration , as dicts .
parse target url and set some attributes into the configuration singleton .
fill the queue with data from the input file
returns a multidict of params that are not used internally by eve .
unary _ expression : minusminus unary _ expression
set the clipboard to some given data .
sends a client the contents of a single submission .
check if font is installed
rehash the active configuration state from config file
update addons + collections download totals .
removes leading and trailing " s .
set the hostname .
called from main . wsgibase to rewrite the http response
check if db supports subsecond resolution and set global flag .
detach an elastic network interface .
get inspector driver and load it .
guess how far behind the traffic processing system is .
returns the main global unicast address associated with provided interface , in network format .
aaq landing page for marketplace .
load backends defined on social _ auth _ authentication _ backends , backends will be imported and cached on backendscache .
this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer .
forces email to be sequenceable type .
get the points around the grid point that is junction wide that do not intersect .
json search method for s3autocompletewidget
unpublishes an collection .
fix base layers for a given map .
restore simplified lookups .
asserts that the html generated by the studio _ view view is correct for the supplied block
support function for copy _ reg to pickle method refs
attachments for an object or update record
this function is deprecated .
parse a full path and return a .
add a broadcast , with one input .
attempt to locate a locustfile , either explicitly or by searching parent dirs .
given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance
create a task info for task with given task id
get new repository .
load a tls context factory for the amp client from the path where configuration and certificates live .
compares configured probes on the device with the expected configuration and returns the differences .
attempt to strip the path from a file name .
returns a concise summary of a seqrecord object as a string
returns a class wrapping iterator _ cls that forces equal batch size .
force string to be a string in python 3 or a unicode in python 2
helper function to get the . annot filenames and hemispheres .
return a numba type instance corresponding to the given numpy * dtype * .
a variant of djangos atomic ( ) which cannot be nested inside another atomic .
pass html through lxml to clean it up , if possible .
return a json list of file names
returns a connection to the address of a listener
expected inclusion _ one _ default _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
create a dersequence object , already initialized with all objects passed as parameters .
return true if value is a repository url .
disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs .
get iscsi initiator name for this machine .
a decorator to check if the service is available or not .
sets absolute paths for project directories and files
merge the annotations from tokens _ old into tokens _ new , when the tokens in the new document already existed in the old document .
get list of receivers from global tables
transform the analysis values returned by the analysis function and synthesize the sound inputfile : name of input file fs : sampling rate of input file tfreq , tmag : sinusoidal frequencies and magnitudes freqscaling : frequency scaling factors , in time - value pairs freqstretchig : frequency stretching factors , in time - value pairs timbrepreservation : 1 preserves original timbre , 0 it does not timescaling : time scaling factors , in time - value pairs
formats a datetime . time object using a localizable format
toggle the pause state of the dags in the test .
returns true if obj is non - string sequence , false otherwise
initializer _ list : initializer _ list comma initializer
maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland _ reserved _ mem .
create an nginx configurator with the specified options .
applying the i18nmiddleware to our helloworld app .
mid - term feature extraction
compute parameters for a box - cox normality plot , optionally show it .
simulates the vim buffers list | buffers | where | current _ buffer | is the buffer displayed in the current window and | cursor _ position | is the current cursor position .
retrieve a list of geojson tile responses and merge them into one .
tries to activate language
update tick line and label position and style .
create new exception class .
list schedules belonging to this account
validate a python object against an opf json schema file target : target python object to validate opfjsonschemafilename : opf json schema filename containing the json schema object .
fit the instance topology onto the host topology .
ensure the is _ default db field matches the create / update request .
fillet a gcode linear move file .
returns setting from django settings with default value .
connects to the specified database .
validate a provided host mapping .
return image absolute path
removes a loader by name
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
given a l { kleinroute } , extract the information to generate documentation .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
lash a gcode linear move file .
extract a value from a matlab file
the main function .
enable the named service to start at boot
load a module without importing it _ load _ module : code _ object filename : name of file containing python byte - code object code _ object : code _ object from this file
lists groups from given query .
guess id number function
load data from comma / space / tab delimited file in * fname * into a numpy record array and return the record array .
create a tree from the given sorted list of entries and put the respective trees into the given object database
run a distutils setup script , sandboxed in its directory
get the vbd reference from the device number .
calculate fitness for testing purposes .
create forwarding rule for metadata .
get all file names matching a suffix in a directory , recursively .
return num bytes from the end of the file , and remaining byte count .
scale each columns of a sparse matrix by the corresponding element of a dense vector .
get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default .
generate random string for websites .
apply global network configuration .
decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions .
get the accessible attribute .
update default configuration options for oslo . middleware .
choose the correct pco element .
zip format message route
expected inclusion _ one _ param _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
load and return the iris dataset .
returns true if | string | is in its canonical integer form .
create a file object that obeys the git file locking protocol .
creates a groc parser .
get the hardware address on unix by running arp .
return last non - empty line of a text , trim to 150 max
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
return number of characters in string , with ansi color codes excluded .
setup the pytest _ assertrepr _ compare hook
construct the sample theano function .
returns the list of postbuilds explicitly defined on | spec | , in a form executable by a shell .
rewrite a polynomial in horner form .
helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
checks if the context node has all the classes passed as arguments
find tasks in source code
runs this project as a fastcgi application .
a shortcut to create a tcp socket , bind it and put it into listening state .
convert version string to numerical value and a testversion indicator
get a list of files filtered by a filter function and sorted by name .
create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments .
verify generic types & non - generic types mixed in the same namespace can successfully be used
setup procfile for bench start
set the user - agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice .
the effect of the plugin . use call may be overridden by later imports .
handle password change requests originating from the account page .
revoke certs for user in project .
delete a task object
get the value of a variable in make . conf
return the value for sensor _ type from the json .
get the path to the git repository or one of its subdirectories .
filter out wiki mark - up from raw , leaving only text .
finalizes the elasticsearch index .
parse command line flags per specified usage , pick off key , value pairs
returns a function that picks a field out of a dict
rebuild a sympy expression
gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied .
gets an annotated list from a tree branch .
update a datasource .
get initial weights for a wider fully connected layer with a bigger nout , by random - padding or net2wider .
save the load to the specified jid id
wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
encode the messages payload in base64 .
fixture that returns a factory for tables that do not yet exist and will be automatically deleted after the test .
parse an expression into ast
tear down test fixtures
get the points from every point on a path and between points .
get the vlan id and vswicth associated with the port group .
listener for course _ plublish events .
backup cassandra snapshot data directories / files .
returns the terms in the query tree , with the query hierarchy represented as nested lists .
adds pony power to any application , at / pony
given an event on a node , find the users notification type on the parent project for the same event .
takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair .
greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
derivative of log - likelihood with respect to location and scale
given user _ data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user , where the dictionary has keys email , fullname , and edx _ id , batch subscribe the users to the given list _ id via a mailchimp api method .
return a valid , cached i3 connection instance
executes the following for cifs . .
set global variables for each trace flag .
this handler decodes the certificateissuer entry extension directly from the x509 _ extension object .
resize an image by given output size and method .
given a dictionary it returns a tuple that represents a date .
iterator over messages .
call this routine as a generator to return all the strings that match the input regular expression .
multiplies two lists representing row and column element - wise .
check if the given vlan exists
saves a new collection from a yaml content string .
returns the last message as a formated string , that should not break alfred .
iterate over columns of a matrix .
return a list of nodes connected to node n .
returns all files in dirs that have template extensions , as template objects .
determines whether a request is similar enough to a stored request to cause the stored response to be returned .
get the transcript name from available transcripts of video with respect to language from youtube server
return the join of the two input segmentations .
convert an existing disk image to another format using qemu - img
detect if the hostname is an ipv6 host .
append an item to an array if its not already in it .
run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd . run _ all
data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie - based models .
setup a the driver connection used by the mapper
emulate the py3k bytes ( ) constructor .
removes redundant / s from urls .
print a warning when called .
returns a template for the specified uri , none if none exists or if caller should use default templates / search paths
returns a bytestring version of s , encoded as specified in encoding .
implements hadoop fs - put
get json used to live - update the portfolio editor .
initiate a column - based attribute refresh operation .
return the turan graph
return a version string for this package , based on version .
get the path indexes around a triangle mesh carve and add the path to the flat loops .
instantiate the resnet50 architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
setup the demo covers .
read unicode from given file .
get current mute status .
returns the capture group specified in the regexp , applied to the string
sort objects based on request
returns the minimal polynomial for the nth - root of a sum of surds or none if it fails .
exit the python interpreter with the given status and an optional message .
connectionist temporal classification loss function .
a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function .
ensure a set of dhcp options with the given settings exist .
get memcache connection pool from the environment ( which had been previously set by the memcache middleware
main section of the script .
print pagination previous / next links , and the page count .
delete access key id from a user .
check if an environment is exposed by comparing it against a whitelist and blacklist .
returns whether the session cookie is present in the response .
return true if all args are true , none if there is any none else false unless quick _ exit is true ( then return none as soon as a second false is seen .
get the normalized , absolute file path , within config . store _ dir .
extracts and returns expected value by a given type > > > extractexpectedvalue
polling stack events
returns queryset with related units .
determine the url corresponding to python object
read the next big - endian 4 - byte unsigned int from a file .
make sure that no exceptions are raised when creating a new product with simple supplier enabled
establish attribute setters for every default - holding column on the given mapper .
apply a learned model
the media gallery .
move up to max _ rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
if the path is not absolute , guess that it is a subdirectory of the users home directory .
set / change a mount point location in fstab .
list information about the sessions .
reads the font metrics header and returns a dictionary mapping * key * to * val * .
split a string up according to unix shell - like rules for quotes and backslashes .
looks at postatus file and sends an email with errors
preprocesses the given image .
list current description snapshots .
used if lux _ ain is set to between 0 and 7 ; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line .
returns each of the templates with env vars injected .
ensure a nat gateway exists within the specified subnet
return a list of supported file extensions for loading .
start a meeting .
return issubclass and return false on a typeerror
transforms a numpy array into a list of values
determine which uris we can actually support from provided whitelist .
wait for a watched file to change , then restart the process .
translates a runlevel into the value expected by the logging module .
return the first item of a sequence .
this gives admins the ability to quiet a user .
launches git difftool with given parameters
save a graph
inclusive _ or _ expression : exclusive _ or _ expression
prettyprints systems of nodes .
save a a return value from tile _ raster _ images to filename .
given a indexer _ id , return a list of all the scene exceptions .
receive one or more messages from a queue in a region queue
run sql query and return result
as many arguments are not required for autoscale group deletion they cannot be mandatory arguments for the module , so we enforce them here
take a relationshiplist , picture file name , and return a paragraph containing the image and an updated relationshiplist .
register a variable that accessiable in build file
return version of osquery
yield all the tests in the modules found by get _ tests _ modules .
examine configuration and return a uri for the couchdb server in the following format : . .
configure the logging module using the specific configuration object , which should be an instance of logging _ config . loggingconfig .
return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release .
this function is used as a wrapper to segment - based audio feature extraction and classifier training .
removes logrotate script for the given application .
returns 0 if key not found
helper to retrieve git config options
called before plugin is stopped .
plots a line .
resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict .
returns a correctly formatted error response with the specified parameters .
read a plist data from a string .
inserts missing permissions into the database table .
creates a gobject class .
list keys in consul
walk dir trees under names and generate filnames that match .
read up to n bytes from file descriptor fd .
returns previous workday after nearest workday
a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class : :
preliminary controller for acls for testing purposes , not for production use !
tests user - accessible projects when there are hide permissions set at the root .
the fileid uniquely identifies actual file contents .
back - end method to define a new affiliates - role for a person entity
generic python string escape
change process user and group id
search an ldap database .
get the contents of a file contained with qutebrowser .
gets an open port number from the os .
create a message set using the given codec .
batch unsubscribe the given email addresses from the list represented by list _ id
returns a normalized version of domain _ expr , where all implicit & operators have been made explicit .
register a custom review request fieldset .
convert a float rating between 0 and 5 to a css class
returns an iterator of realizations from the expression given a condition expr : random expression to be realized condition : a conditional expression numsamples : length of the iterator
walks the available layers in the supplied data _ source , displaying the fields for the first num _ features features .
add pillars output to positives .
returns the contents of the given file .
parse a date string of the form specified in rfc 2822 , and return a datetime .
accept x - www - form - urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure .
call the getiter ( ) implementation for the given * iterable _ type * of value * val * , and return the corresponding llvm inst .
solve a toeplitz system using levinson recursion
return a digital filter from an analog one using a bilinear transform .
ser _ uint256 to big endian
parses fasta file , generates dict of label : seq , list of seqs order fasta _ lines : list of lines from fasta file .
returns a list of synset objects , one for each word sense .
returns the tag vocabulary as a json object .
escape string values that are elements of a list , for serialization .
infer layout of the given memoryview * val * .
compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
adds a requires milestone relationship for the given gated _ content _ key if a prerequisite prereq _ content _ key is provided .
returns true if * prefix * is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address prefix .
apply any overrides that have been set at the command line .
look up the given user , and if successful , remove them from the specified cohort .
use random - ordering sets within the unit of work in order to detect unit of work sorting issues .
test uninstalling package with console _ scripts that is easy _ installed .
use rabin - miller algorithm to return true or false the parameter k defines the accuracy of the test .
set movie chapter .
return color image by applying image _ filter on channels of image .
this is a proxy function to hide microsite _ configuration behind comprehensive theming .
return true if the given cluster is done running .
sharedvariable constructor for randomstate .
return a list of all job ids
reads affymetrix cel file and returns record object .
return the ssh key type corresponding to a c { crypto . publickey . pubkey . pubkey } object .
read the current gl configuration
clips elements of input variable .
validate a command line option containing a filepath to a yaml file .
delete an instance instance _ id
when a django user is created , automatically create a treeio user
asserts that two token sequences are equal .
prints the system id for the partition .
controller to manage the ajax import of vulnerability data
return a list of records for the stack above the callers frame .
return a string with nulls removed or restored to backslashes .
rename the current branch to a feature branch and optionally finish it .
search function for teletex codec that is passed to codecs . register ( )
helper to parse method arguments .
declarator : direct _ declarator
return list of array modules for opengl module .
adds together the num most recent values .
returns a form field for a db . phonenumberproperty .
the fraction of words in document _ d _ that are assigned to _ topic _
calculate the time derivative of a vector / scalar field function or dyadic expression in given frame .
creates a table that represents some kind of data attached to the given foreign class , but translated across several languages .
generate a new cookie secret
annotate ofp reply message class
creates an image document
validate the oauth token and set endpoints auth user variables .
build hgrid json for root node .
will prompt if the configuration has been changed .
get vector3 teardrop path by end and start .
build the post body for the / api / clone { files , blobs , errorblobs } urls .
return the composite index definition xml needed for a query .
modifies a view function so that its response has the x - frame - options http header set to deny if the request http referrer is not from a whitelisted hostname .
if a general solve ( ) is applied to the output of a cholesky op , then replace it with a triangular solve .
get round loop .
write bem surfaces to a fiff file .
open a tcp server in three steps 1 ) set evt to true to let the parent know we are ready 2 ) [ optional ] if is not false , write the list of data from dataq . get ( ) to the socket .
place a database under migration control and perform an upgrade
validates the email string
remove dependencies having the link _ dependency attribute from the none targets .
parses the input to pkg . install and returns back the package ( s ) to be installed .
provide raw _ input ( ) for gui apps
returns the wheels modules
create a table by specifying its attributes manually
set a keywords value from a header in a fits file .
checks if a given circuit , in matrix form , is equivalent to a scalar value .
add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
emits a tracking log event each time cohort membership is modified
given a hatch specifier , * hatchpattern * , generates path to render the hatch in a unit square .
create the correct type of record based on what the line looks like .
returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
this routine is used to regenerate all keys in an environment .
generate egg from package name inside base and put the egg into sys . path
string concatenation aggregator for sqlite
make a directory if it does not already exist .
allow top level cfg to be yaml
return primary key fields of a spyne object .
coerce buffer data for an adjustedarray into a standard scalar representation , returning the coerced array and a dict of argument to pass to np . view to use when providing a user - facing view of the underlying data .
method to encode streams using hexadecimal encoding
get the names and default values of a functions arguments
restart qutebrowser instance for tests needing a fresh state .
remove the coding comment , which six . exec _ doesnt like .
monitor set of files and return [ . . . ]
fetches a file in given url into the download directory
kaufman adaptive moving average
quit the native gui event loop .
modify network interface buffer sizes using ethtool
view for work counts
a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate .
returns true whether techniques using stacking are available
fetch and process each file contained in filenames .
adds a function / method to an object .
sets up and starts servers for a bok choy run .
read lines of text from file .
open all or specified cover .
download the file at url to target using powershell .
manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text , ensuring correct formatting .
generate the running dict tag string from the low data structure
unpack results tarball in package _ dirpath to temp dir .
decorator for asynchronous generators .
there will be several methods that will need this general handling for interacting with the xenhost plugin , so this abstracts out that behavior .
compare two wiki document revisions .
parameters f : sympifiable
fetch snippets from a given path .
make sure pygtk and gi arent loaded at the same time , and import glib if possible .
returns the name of the model
build a list of all images files and labels in the data set .
checks if freesurfer is not installed used with skipif to skip tests that will fail if freesurfer is not installed
takes a file - like object containing a multipart mime document and returns an iterator of tuples .
view function which handles a logout request .
invalidate the cache of credit courses .
extract numa topology from myriad host representations .
when finish login syncurl and fileuploadingurl will be fetched deviceid and msgid will be generated skey , wxsid , wxuin , pass _ ticket will be fetched
given a password , passphrase , or other human - source key , scramble it through a secure hash into some keyworthy bytes .
validate the configuration and return a tp - link scanner .
launch the delete branch dialog .
returns hessian of logp at the point passed .
deletes a table in a given dataset .
ensure a registry value is removed .
checks hex der sig for bip66 consistency
add any extra variables that may have been set in config .
find the b - spline representation of 1 - d curve .
get the abridged settings from the gcode text .
check to see if a key needs updating , returns " update " , " add " or " exists "
assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion
convert glove _ input _ file in glove format into word2vec _ output _ file in word2vec format .
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
turn a list of inventories in a dict by resource class .
perform the tls handshake between two connection instances connected to each other via memory bios .
turns off the quota system
test for symmetry of a square contingency table
maps the input range to [ 0 , 255 ] as dtype uint8
clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property
register a encoder / decoder for yaml serialization .
recursively check the resolver .
in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry
perform a regexp replacement on the given string .
detect whether the given path is within the repository folder on the disk .
warp triangular patches from an image .
if this is a reversed op , then flip x , y if we have an integer value and we have 0s , fill them with the fill , return the result mask the nans from x
returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
print the line of text that includes position p , along with a second line with a single caret ( ^ ) at position p
make sure the completion model was set to something .
build the mkdocs documentation to json files
disable untrusted serializers .
get the demo notification service .
extract metadata from the file itself , by parsing contents .
find all tests for the given python _ name .
convert a matplotlib figure to plotly dictionary and send .
use elastic search to search in a project
request configuration steps from the user .
load the google _ calendar _ devices . yaml .
this function will return the maximum workers that can be started depending upon number of cpus present on the machine
return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name
an expensive memoizer that works with unhashables
test filter label 2
return matrix to translate by direction vector .
given a filename , guess its content type .
enable and start the atrun daemon
special case build recipe for universal build of openssl .
parse the media asynchronously with options .
queues an opt - in email
cleans the given html .
returns a 28x28x [ number of mnist images ] matrix containing the raw mnist images
forces a unicode string to become a bytestring .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting
writes the message to the console .
compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings .
raises a typeerror if x is not a csr or csc matrix
verifies that " asset _ id " conforms to the following requirements : 1 .
ensure the dot separated class name
normalize the index type and value .
configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot .
command line usage main function .
updates a piece of html content with the filter functions stored in its module system , then replaces any static urls with absolute urls .
unpack a sequence of positional parameter spaces into the product of each space .
raises a ~ astropy . io . votable . exceptions . votablespecerror if string * is not a string or unicode string .
generate s3 signed url for the given photo .
add attributes to the given element .
load a datasets as downloaded from URL
decrypt the data with the given secret key .
uses get ( ) to return an object , or raises a http404 exception if the object does not exist .
return total memory usage
adds the header h : v with the response .
try to return the sysconf directories , eg / etc .
return a dashboard with properties from parents .
returns a pattern from the given string or regular expression .
compute the permutation matrix to change order of orig _ vec into order of per _ vec .
return a pretty - print string of recommendations for a user .
load all plugins listed in the ckan . plugins config directive .
formats optdict to a tuple to pass it to tk . call .
helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function .
get a string which should describe an event sequence .
decimate surface data .
try to figure out an explicit path to the pip executable script .
main control function
build an example proto for an example .
merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them , sorted by recency .
find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi - definite .
check if font is installed
add the customer to the requestcontext
transform the contents of plugins - toolkit . rst to contain reference docs .
generate a series of times that exceeds the given timeout .
get the objects liked by an user .
returns the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
returns the standard deviation of the given list of values .
wrapper on accessing a parameter .
returns a csr object based on pem text .
the risch integration algorithm .
validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
raises unitserror if not a length unit
expand an expression using methods given as hints .
build function to generate wrapper shell script for java binary
matrix product between arrays of matrices , or a matrix and an array of matrices
return an aware datetime parsed from a datetime or date string .
modified spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative .
return an encrypted string containing context info .
decorator that accepts a list of permission names , and allows the user to pass if they have * any * of the permissions in the list
heuristic polynomial gcd in z [ x ] .
this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations .
make a sample endpoint for testing .
for when we want to mutate the server
return a sequence of relative spans , given a sequence of spans .
returns a milestones - friendly representation of a user object
trim trailing blank lines .
searches setuptools for the entrypoint and returns the bear directories given by the module .
yield all registered page classes .
validates the given customization _ args dict against the specs set out in ca _ specs _ to _ validate _ against .
check all markdown values
translate an index into coordinates , using the given coordinate system .
compute the complex - valued frequency spectrum of * x * .
rest controller for hand - drawn maps
returns the multiplication of two matrices .
get enumerator keys , except when there is one argument .
tries to interpret a list of compile time option nodes .
checks whether user can delete suggestions to given translation .
parse a message with a list of fields and a body .
return a safe shorter version of platform . platform ( ) .
import a module and get the functions and return them in a dict
generate summarized contributions grouped by group in format .
return true iff packable = true is valid for fields of this type .
lint parameters in a tools inputs block .
configures the runtime environment .
return a single sysctl parameter for this minion
downloads cbs videos by url .
parse uniformly args and kwargs from a templatetag
handle custom markers .
return true if csf is running otherwise return false
get the joined file path .
a version of inspect . getmembers ( ) that uses safe _ getattr ( ) .
forces an http redirect .
restart supervisord and its managed jobs .
helper function for dealing with the vertical shift of the viewport .
given a list of sentences , returns a list of sentences with a total word count similar to the word count provided .
get resource type by id
return the multiple choice problem descriptor , given the name of the problem .
watch / unwatch a locale .
convert a number to address format in hex
main control loop .
map the names of modules to the location of their file .
check whether git repo for node is intact .
utility to get the values view , mask , dtype if necessary copy and mask using the specified fill _ value copy = true will force the copy
helper function to print a string only when not quiet
setup the denon platform .
validate the provided means .
returns the unique rows of a table .
create new user group .
destroy a node .
squeezes consecutive identical nucleotides to one .
set users password on switch . .
converts usage _ key _ string to a usagekey , adding a course run if necessary
return a copy of os . environ with some additional environment variables added .
if a dimshuffle is inside a reshape and does not change the order of dimensions , remove it .
sign message or file user
a demonstration of the probabilistic parsers .
test reading labels from parc .
solves de with constant coefficients .
return a ricker wavelet , also known as the " mexican hat wavelet " .
wrap op result to have correct dtype
returns the number of solutions a user has .
convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
only return if python - etcd is installed
wait for a greenlet to finish by polling its status
interpolate from values associated with four points .
create an iframe html snippet .
sends a signal to the process listed in . pid
removes punctuation from a string .
determine what executable is pid 1 , aka init by checking / proc / 1 / exe
contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization .
get joined loops sliced through shape .
define a new function that wraps f and return it
create a random subdirectory in a given directory .
query for a user matching a given email .
calculate the eeg in the sphere model .
return digraph of iterations of powersum .
verifies that the specified environment variable is present in the crontab for the specified user .
spartist - - search spotify for
yield vdi _ recs for each element in a vdi chain .
this executes the diff - quality commandline tool for the given violation type .
parse a query given as a string argument .
returns the given html with all tags stripped .
unmount a path .
converts an xml string into a documentlistaclentry object .
indicates which variables used in the decorated function are sensitive , so that those variables can later be treated in a special way , for example by hiding them when logging unhandled exceptions .
sends a message to the control socket , adding the expected formatting for single verses multi - line messages .
return true if file is okay for modifying / recursing .
test that ipython . embed ( ) is nestable
urlencodes a string .
windows returns times as 64 - bit unsigned longs that are the number of hundreds of nanoseconds since jan 1 1601 .
determine if the argument is a ieee 754 negative infinity value
return a repl _ view and number of characters from current selection to then beggingin of user _ input
convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form .
return ndarray normalized by length , i . e . euclidean norm , along axis .
returns rendered template with context , which are given as string and dict respectively .
same as django . core . urlresolvers . reverse , but optionally takes a request and returns a fully qualified url , using the request to get the base url .
specify node type : staging or prod .
get the context for the webpage .
writes the jupyter notebook cells
set stdout and stderr to be blocking .
performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix
true if current request has an associated sitetheme , false otherwise .
assert a in not b , with repr messaging on failure .
check that all elements of a tar file are safe .
helper to choose a single channel type .
returns a elementbase class for handling reoccuring child stanzas
make a file readable by all .
creates the default views on the provided resource
computes entropy of energy
reads a model description from source which can be a filename , url , file - like object or a path to a directory .
tests whether a string is a valid dns name , returns a boolean value
context manager to capture the printed output of the code in the with block
this function implements a few ugly things so that we can patch the traceback objects .
return a list of the floating ips that are on the provider . .
custom page to hide the complexity of the assessments / impacts / summary model : pc browser version
given a tab entry in the following format return needle , index , and path : [ needle ] _ _ [ index ] _ _ [ path ]
renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance
ensures permissions to retractions are never implicitly granted .
test for version _ check ( ) .
read hdf files into a dask dataframe
only load if strace is installed
compute lcm of a list of polynomials .
convert an xml tree into a dict
macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value .
generate a locale .
creates a unique key for an individual group rule
converts value from source _ unit to target _ unit .
builds the dataloader for the faster - rcnn network using our aeon loader .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
executes the sql query returns the results .
a simple check to see if the user was online within a specified time range
converts any given object to utf - 8 encoded string .
get the name of the python magic method corresponding to op .
convert a memory text to its value in bytes .
return a tuple containing the unicode text snippets read from the snippet file having * name * .
format message body for debugging purposes .
given a log name , outputs > info to stdout .
assembles attributes from user and request objects to be sent along in ecommerce api calls for tracking purposes .
prepare a handful of fake segments for upload .
return system information for grains of the nso proxy minion . .
skips a test if a command is unavailable .
returns af _ inet4 or af _ inet6 depending on where to connect to .
undo last changes .
decorator for creating and deleting stack .
return the representative h satisfying s [ h [ b ] ] = = j
return version from nftables - - version
separate line at operator .
takes a netmask as either an ipaddr or a string , and returns the number of network bits .
example metric for search
return a dict - like instance for both object - initiated and model - initiated sources that can reasonably be compared .
extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file .
filter the datatable
get the os architecture using rpm - - eval
creates pid file for process
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
returns unique numeric values for groups without sorting .
bulk update documents
makes an environment variable wizard .
generate unique id in uuid4 format .
removes duplicate elements from l , keeping the first element .
ask p4 for help on this command .
returns the cmd option based on a long form argument .
aggregate a listing of the top items last month .
add site - packages to sys . path
modifies matching items according to user - specified assignments and deletions .
the use of zh - cn for simplified chinese and zh - tw for traditional chinese are now deprecated , as discussed here : URL
find and return vera covers .
create the specified dns domain .
more frequent is l . t .
transform sdk vm struct type to python dictionary .
test to hit ironpython . runtime . operations . reflectedextensionpropertyops
convert math _ expr into latex , guaranteeing its parse - ability .
view is the main page of the forum .
test plotting epochs psd .
remove garbage notes after the , or
commodity channel index
setup the steam platform .
return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
guarantee the shape of the values to be at least 1 d
set fixed sizes on items so they can be laid out in contents _ rect and fill the whole space .
returns true if g is a complete graph .
restful crud controller - could be used for searching for people by skill - used for adding / editing on profile page
in case of complete association with openid
export an unknown path
checks if a given address is an ipv6 address .
a helper for defining constant strings .
we get here once there are hosts in oo _ cfg and we need to find out what state they are in .
distort the color of a tensor image .
returns the value of the var ( p ) log - likelihood .
returns the first interface than can be used with bpf
wraps execute calls for checking validity of a quobyte volume
control whether set _ term _ title is active or not .
returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course .
repeatedly remove cliques from the graph .
convert a dictionary of url arguments into a url parameter string .
format a context object to http raw text .
concatenate url and arguments regardless of whether url has existing query parameters .
preferred method to construct an elementstream
ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
get comparison in order to sort y intersections in ascending order of distance from the center .
a helper function for computing the pseudoinverse .
utility function for clearing existing package .
compute the binomial coefficient " n choose k " .
output language statistics of committed translation files for each catalog .
delete not needed fields in post request
this function is taken from : URL and is licensed under the gpl .
predicate to determine if we are redicting i / o in process .
get - global - stats - get global stats
return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by nspfxs * .
get the length of a polygon perimeter .
pass in a raw string and load the json when is starts .
test if the current headphones installation can connect to sni - enabled servers .
redirect to the current url of a public file
a demonstration showing how a pcfg can be created and used .
returns lhs + sep + rhs
parses the next entry from the given space separated content .
filters an aff4 collection , getting count elements , starting at offset .
computes the correlation between two taxa summary files .
return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time .
get wedge loop .
attempt to activate the current machine via windows activation
get a monitor type by name or id .
upload noserver to the target and have it call back
add tags to a trail
generates a course - identifying unicode string for use in a file name .
this gives admins the ability to unquiet a user .
creates a " call " node that consist of all trailer and power objects .
find all assemblies that are dependencies of the given binary and return the files that make up the assemblies as tuples .
take the struct type and parse it into a list of structs .
attach a managed policy to a group .
get the db record for the specified domain .
function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel , to be passed to multiprocessing . process , and not called directly .
the service watcher , called to invoke the watch command .
watch resource factory method .
hacky way to recognize some kinds of false dependencies
parameters that is specified by pytest . mark . sphinx for sphinx . application . sphinx initialization
start up a socket server on the specified port , and listen for new configurations .
pick channels from covariance matrix .
returns true if qual is none
pull messges from a topic , auto - acknowldging them
encode a python int .
converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string .
construct a _ _ subclasshook _ _ callable that incorporates the associated _ _ extra _ _ class in subclass checks performed against cls .
create an image from the values dictionary .
add cylinder triangle mesh by endz , inradius and start .
try to gather distribution release informations .
run a setup script in a somewhat controlled environment , and return the distribution instance that drives things .
ensures a record is absent .
decorator that checks if a user is associated to the current session .
hilbert transform - dominant cycle period
given a valid config , update the tags for a bucket .
create gzipped copy of in _ path and save it as out _ path .
convert sublime regions into underline regions .
this is the best docstring ever !
create a temp directory , and return path to filename in that directory
refresh data from xem for a tv show
retrieve a register plugin class from the provided file .
keep the filo ordereddict of frag loads from getting too large 3 points of limit :
convert a date to a datetime for datastore storage .
get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field .
creates an instance of the appropriate feed class from the xml string contents .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
get the cascade precision .
classify the input using the given decision tree
get a character and integer string .
adds any new given keywords from the custom keywords field in the admin , and returns their ids for use when saving a model with a keywords field .
open an file dialog window in the directory of a file , and select the file .
return an iterator over all spider classes defined in the given module that can be instantiated
remove a repository from storage
construct theano functions for the hamiltonian , energy , and leapfrog integrator .
returns a singleton replacedialog instance . the single dialog saves user entries and preferences across instances .
create a custom benefit instance
remove an object from a group .
helper function to format a variable that can be a float or none
make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests .
constructs the control file test step code from a list of tests .
raise exception if there are any ports bound with segment _ id .
compute an upper bound for the degree of the gcd of two univariate integer polynomials f and g .
returns a tuple such that r = gcd = ia + jb
remove a tag from question .
determines a set of potential types for param using docstring hints
return the certificate and a hash of it
tokenizes a given text into sentences , applying filters and lemmatizing them .
add proper many - to - many relationships from dependencies field .
start all instances for the given version of the module .
find rotation angles from a transformation matrix .
checks for horizontal spacing near commas .
runs the designated module in the _ _ main _ _ namespace
list variables inside a matlab file .
turns any callable into a lazy evaluated callable .
adjusted mutual information between two clusterings .
returns an iterable over nodes in g in the order given by a depth - first traversal .
check if a package is about to be upgraded ( in plugin _ unloaded ( ) )
given a group name or a group name and vpc id : 1 .
create a tileset 1 . 1 with the given filename and metadata .
a helper for _ in _ encoding and _ out _ encoding : get the streams preferred encoding , using a configured override or a default fallback if neither is not specified .
return bw usages for instance ( s ) in a given audit period .
performs a search with the given keywords in the database .
create a logger for an instance that implements : class : . identified .
get just path component of permalink .
return a context manager for a cell database connection .
print a list of keypairs for a user
take an object and test to see if it can be represented as a dictionary .
create a task object
cast the value to an intc and raise an overflowerror if the value cannot fit .
return the published tags .
return all available boot services
chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens
update the glance metadata from a volume .
check if inst . preload is false .
if the master config was available then we will have a pki _ dir key in the opts directory , this method places the pub key in the accepted keys dir and removes it from the unaccepted keys dir if that is the case .
edit the worker settings
like c lookup , but the first index is optimized instead .
filter otu table to n random samples .
given a math expression , renders it in a closely - clipped bounding box to an image file .
a wrapper around lapacks xgebal routine family for matrix balancing .
return greyscale morphological erosion of an image .
test dict key completion applies to pandas dataframes
syncs ldap group memberships .
load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site .
ensure the project is set appropriately .
support multiple context managers in a single with - statement .
parses input _ spec and returns the numbers obtained therefrom .
sends a request to notes api with appropriate parameters and headers .
forces the given header for the given response using the header _ control middleware .
concatenates given variables along an axis .
get the installed version of a package
configure ssh public keys for specific users
get the destination host for a message .
extract the deployment template from command line arguments , import it , gather the list files to package , and run the packer .
perform initial os x customizations if needed .
return rabbitmq status
find users via the search api .
build modify list for call of method ldapobject . add ( )
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
correct the font specified in the command line .
returns the given int or float as a string of numerals .
split a combined cell @ item and return them .
show a critical message .
tests for independence between a and b by checking if their pspaces have overlapping symbols .
add allocated _ id to the reservations table .
run strategy from file
run the following tasks on a vagrant box .
given a path , which is either a bytes or a unicode , returns a str path .
dynamically import a list of classes from the given module .
teardown testenvironment for the module : - remove tempdir - restore sys . path
returns a compiled regex pattern to search for query letters in order .
transform an expression into a multinomial form .
assert a < = b , with repr messaging on failure .
create uninitialized tensor descriptor .
element - wise minimum of input variables .
creates a copy of an image memory from pixel data in a buffer .
convenience function to wrap a proper db delete
restful crud controller
restful crud controller to create a new complete survey - although the created form is a fully custom one
client api operation adapter / wrapper
only load the module if keyring is installed
load all intersphinx mappings into the environment .
checks if a string is a valid format for being a circuit identifier .
return a valid json string , given a jsarray string .
import the requested module into the global scope
send an event to all assigned event listeners .
call a shell command .
import the best implementation of elementtree , return a module object .
show details of the specified aggregate .
toggle fullscreen status on non - embedded video outputs .
change the current process to belong to the imputed user
return dictionary of column labels if available
returns an iterator over chunk _ len chunks of source
attempt to fix non uft - 8 string into utf - 8 .
try to locate the icloud drive folder .
verify signature and set contribution to paid .
create a source rpm from the given spec file and sources
create the default response rewriter chain .
return file name ( s ) from tkinters file open dialog .
returns a proxy wrapper around the _ ievolvable object corresponding to segment .
restart a " service " on the ssh server . .
returns a set of email addresses subscribed to list _ id
build a model instance .
add to vector3 paths recursively .
location updating reject section 9 . 2 . 14
represent a user as their email address
convert the postscript to encapsulated postscript .
univariate linear regression tests .
computes the standard f - test statistic for linear restriction hypothesis testing
extends the itertools . groupby functionality to arbitrary number of iterators .
save the console log to help with debugging .
find unique columns
this should correspond fairly closely to the yaml rendering of a mysql _ grants state which comes out as follows :
return an iterator over the values of a dictionary .
return a tree representation of a clustering encoded in a linkage matrix .
check for an integer percentage value with optional percent sign .
escape text to make it safe to display .
do the channels in link have compatible types , i . e . can they be connected based on their type .
import module or module attribute .
detach and destroy all volumes known to this api .
find the solutions to x * * n = a mod p
calculates the travel cost of given tour through a given graph .
given a global subscription , find the users notification type .
get _ context method of doc or module is supposed to render content templates and push it into context
returns true if the specified xblock is in the set of reorderable xblocks otherwise returns false .
add a package lock .
returns a prefixloader
create a single vm from a data dict
generates an adhoc ssl context for the development server .
compute a bgzf virtual offset from block start and within block offsets .
return the chain decomposition of a graph .
construct a list of optional firewall rules from the cloud profile .
when a fork arrises , pycrypto needs to reinit
a view that returns a 404 with some error content
compute and return magnitudes of numpy . fft . fft ( ) of the data .
mean squared logarithmic error regression loss
prints current bench version
cuckoo initialization workflow .
returns string representation of this object
remove keyring from authorised list
updates a saved subsection grade .
render a template into a response object .
generate a random uuid .
returns whether the name key exists in the given dictionary .
short line candle
check if the suggestion is still valid .
discard an isolating interval if outside .
filters out results based on filter _ words name : name to check words : string of words separated by a , or list of words
unpack the idxs - vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc .
wrapper to urllib2 . urlopen with timeout addition .
generate num themes for the given owner .
convert correlation matrix to covariance matrix
removes the given open graph share
exponential linear unit function .
translate the points .
traverse and visit the given expression structure using the default iterator .
generate a managed configuration section for the given cluster .
create a custom range instance from the passed range class
compute the total weight of an inventory item
alternate write & seek one unit
calculate statistic for the kolmogorov - smirnov test for goodness of fit
return a dtype compat na value
delete the glance metadata for a snapshot .
filters out non - english and just all - around stupid releases by comparing them to the resultfilters contents .
a comma leaf
api to listen for webhooks to send to the reactor .
load a pil image and return it as a numpy array .
master only re - loads the handler config xml file .
record coach report view by teacher
serialize python list object containing only 0s and 1s to string .
helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . get _ prep _ value .
sets async = false on all redis worker queues
wraps services argument inside a wsgiapplication that uses soap 1 . 1 for both input and output protocols .
create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table - like data .
parse the supplied plugin configuration .
list all the filesystems mounted on the system .
reconstruct matrix from real id .
marks specific flavor as deleted .
change the function used by l { unsignedid } to determine the integer id value of an object .
return true if error should be retried .
a vastly simplified ssl wrapping function .
parses a format string , returning a tuple of , where keys is the set of mapping keys in the format string , and num _ args is the number of arguments required by the format string .
restful crud controller
return a hostname which conforms to rfc - 952 and rfc - 1123 specs except the length of hostname .
dcm for simple axis 1 , 2 or 3 rotations .
doesnt do anything .
generate a filter condition for host and cluster fields .
helper function for adding new ide controllers . .
if any of this makes it to stdout / stderr , ipyw . exe is broken
returns the eigenstate of the given operator or set of operators
serialize * part _ elm * etree element to xml suitable for storage as an xml part .
check if each element of array is in choices .
fix the makefile , if required .
this method is a retry version of db _ setup .
extract a set of variables by name from another frame .
checks if a value is properly tagged based on the spec , and re / untags as necessary
converts depth into a nicer format for display
remove a viewpoint from a users inbox .
deserialize a stream or string of json data .
scans a single host , logs into
sets the console cursor position for a standard buffer .
split obj into separate episodes .
create request object from a dict .
convert a tornado yieldable object to an asyncio . future .
retrive the context associated with a name .
private function used to compute log probabilities within a job .
returns an s3 bucket for video uploads .
read the element data of type : data : string
when a step definition calls another step definition with behave _ as , that step should not be marked a failure .
handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process
does a health check on solr , makes sure solr can talk to the indexes .
given a valid vpc id or name and a cidr block , create a subnet for the vpc .
return true is job is enabled successfully .
create a susan smoothing workflow
finds coming weekday
convert an image to 16 - bit signed integer format .
makes changes to the config file .
harvey collier test for linearity
the main entry point for cleanup _ cloud _ resources .
scan a log line and extract interesting data
returns partial residuals for a fitted model with respect to a focus predictor .
checks that obj is of type cls , and lets pylint infer types .
provides the contents of a given cookie file .
get and customize a compiler
attach total of point values to each object of the queryset .
retrieve and display the access and refresh token .
with respect to wrt , computes gradients of cost and / or from existing start gradients , up to the end variables of a symbolic digraph .
returns the url based on a bug number on the specified review request .
runner tries to import terrain , but has a nice output when it fail
registers a flag whose value can be any string .
translate a generator of label , seq tuples to an output file
attempt to parse a message as a gntp message
create an oebbook .
provide a place to hang onto results of - - list - [ locations | sizes | images ] so we dont have to go out to the api and get them every time .
reserves the first unused vlanid
compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially
takes an iterator of range iters and turns it into an appropriate
delete all image members for given image
turns user / host / port strings into user @ host : port combined string .
scale and crop .
opens a recording stream in a context manager .
parses a yaml model configuration file and returns a model instance .
produce pivot table based on 3 columns of this dataframe .
handles alternate schemes using urllib , wraps the response in a requests . response
create an importer and exporter class from a transformer spec .
helper method to convert id prefix to mount target attribute
return new figure and axes .
change properties of the interface with id eni _ id to the values in properties dict
returns detailed message about occurred unhandled exception
custom module homepage for deploy to display online documentation for the module
docstring for install _ numpy
loads one or more specified build files .
log a bit more information about each request than tornados default - move static file get success to debug - level - get proxied ip instead of proxy ip - log referer for redirect and failed requests - log user - agent for failed requests
reads the nsfg pregnancy data .
returns a list of valid host globs for an ssl certificate .
calculate standard internet checksum over data starting at startth byte skip _ word : if specified , its the word offset of a word in data to " skip " .
find a list of xml elements via xpath .
constructs a regular cartesian grid
only load if the sqlite3 module is available
read the page _ header from the given fo .
return the google project this is running in , or none .
create a certificate request .
get a session to xenapi .
show a continuous matplotlib colormap .
parse server challenge
makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line .
run the main test harness .
sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
format a string suitable for an ax host
factory to return a matplotlib - enabled runner for % run .
fleiss kappa multi - rater agreement measure
a full implementation of dave greens " cubehelix " for matplotlib .
emit insert statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ insert _ commands ( ) .
perform the lead field dot product integrations .
show the cassandra information for this cluster .
starts eye processes .
compute shortest path between source and all other nodes reachable from source .
remove a github repository .
slope of cdf which should equal 1 for an equalized histogram .
write statistics for a gcode file .
set / get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot .
send a file from the master to the location in specified . .
decorator factory for checking permissions .
changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to
find a pep 302 " loader " object for fullname
escape partial c identifiers so they can be used as attributes / arguments
this page is blank , but must be real html so its dom can be written to once the preview of the page has rendered
set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly
test dataset url handling
return a list of available courses .
build a yaml formatted string to properly pass pillar data
escapes the string a for use inside a cmake string .
lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met .
show details about a snapshot .
convert forward solution between different source orientations .
create a menu action with the specified criteria and action , using the new
get the connections and vertexes .
setup the neato switches .
lilliefors test for normality ,
verify the number of plurals in the translation .
returns items from text file as a list .
get the events in batches and return in chronological order
delete any empty signals for senderkey .
provide grains from the smartos metadata
sum by groups given group dummy variable group _ dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix
insert knots into a b - spline .
get a network from infoblox network _ name
dispatch to a rest api endpoint .
return vector perpendicular to vectors .
converts string into users preferred encoding .
returns an import statement and calls a method of the module : import module module . name ( )
creates an admin user
find corners in corner measure response image .
return a callable to perform xunit - style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object .
returns a unicode string that fixes common encoding problems .
change directory to given directory for duration of with block
get a signal from messaging . models
test whether a hub identified by lockfilename is running or not .
list vms on this azure account , with full information
returns a string that can be evaluated to a lambda function .
return sample sequence of length n from a uniform distribution .
create a file to tell run _ pytest . py how pytest exited .
parse a string to a list .
add a single donation item to the cart and proceed to payment .
count the number of chunks that will result from the given l { zipinfo } .
wrap the the stock loaddata to ignore foreign key checks so we can load circular references from fixtures .
function to generate a dictionary of event nodes from the nodes list
returns the left and right partners of the node whose index is equal to the given frag _ index .
decorator to make a repr function return fillvalue for a recursive call
re - execute the last keyboard macro defined , by making the characters in the macro appear as if typed at the keyboard .
set a qutebrowser setting .
process the xml element .
callback for change of https verification
if " value " is not empty and non - zero , then set the specified attribute of " dict " to its value .
given a rule name remove the named targets from the target list
emergency setup section 9 . 3 . 8
command : next error
return the first configured instance .
return a bool telling whether or path is absolute .
parse the historical data in file handle fh from yahoo finance and return results as a list of d , open , close , high , low , volume where d is a floating poing representation of date , as returned by date2num if adjust = true , use adjusted prices
return the duration in seconds of a time string
returns a tuple for an http 1 . x request line .
return true if graph is frozen .
a page to ban a user for the reason of " spam " and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam , reverting as many of them as possible .
removes a users password .
pad the 2nd , 3rd and 4th dimensions of a 5d tensor with " padding [ 0 ] " , " padding [ 1 ] " and " padding [ 2 ] " zeros left and right .
increment the value of an xattr .
ensure that the grant is absent name
restful crud controller
look in known _ hosts for a key corresponding to c { host } .
print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved .
set up the tikteck platform .
convert the xml element to a group xml element .
update the specified users password
run various traffic control commands on a single interface
an expression representing a positive semidefinite matrix .
computes the spectral entropy
copies a : class : cupy . ndarray object using the default stream .
returns the value turned into a list .
computes the kolmogorov - smirnov test on two samples .
utility function to convert nodes into the format used by ka lite .
decorator to specify which proxy types are supported by a function proxy _ types :
create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server .
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to read or write .
modifies a view function so its response has the x - frame - options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
check whether two strings differ while avoiding timing attacks .
parses command - line arguments .
compute univariate guass - legendre quadrature nodes and weights
calculate the power of a f - test .
handle paypal ipn post - back for contribution transactions .
convert an interval string like 1w3d6h into the number of seconds , time resolution and the modifier .
get a connection
find a blockdevicevolume matching the given identifier .
raises an assertionerror if two array _ like objects are not equal .
import a group from ldap .
indicates if a specific feature flag is enabled .
only load this module if redis python module is installed
install hooks for the android platform .
multiplicative _ expression : multiplicative _ expression times cast _ expression
embed album art into all of the albums items .
get list of nat rules for domain
like mkdir - p
this function changes floatx to float32 for the call to f .
solves the discrete lyapunov equation directly .
return the margulis - gabber - galil undirected multigraph on n ^ 2 nodes .
return the id of the group that owns a given file path file or directory of which to get the gid follow _ symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed
view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . js / hgrid
convert galaxys representation of requirements into mulled target objects .
used for doctest / unittest integration .
post a free comment
return the list of hosts within a network .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
destroy the named vm ( s )
parse command line arguments and set testframework state .
load the extensions from the list and bind it to the environment .
generate support for a type library .
takes a list of recipe names and a bootstrap .
convert from qemu format name param fmt : qemu format name
friends and followers
represent an address as 16 packed bytes in network order .
page through text by feeding it to another program .
handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event .
struct _ declarator : declarator
encode binary data according to specified algorithm , use md5 by default
decompress zbuf so that it decompresses to < = maxlen bytes , while using < = maxmem memory , or else raise an exception .
dns query over tcp
edit user settings
provides defaultlanguage defaultencoding
returns a clone spec for cloning from shapshots
get the index of the key in the names list .
get one element of a set
a decorator for running an integration test with and without the v2 engine enabled via temporary environment variables .
get the string representation of this object info .
setup the test module .
register an adapter if the type of value is unknown .
check if the user may be able to get administrator access .
fixture providing a fake cookie jar and cache .
completely clear gitfs cache
calculates an email address to be used as the from - address for sent emails .
utility for eliminating repeated parsings of the same paths and steps .
pick n items from dictionary d and return them as a list .
check if a given ip address is lies within the given netmask
explicetely looks for executable in env [ " path " ]
import a module or fetch an object from a module .
starts the iohub process , saving events to events . hdf5 , recording data from all standard devices as well as the iosync mcu device .
calculates the expected value of the robust kurtosis measures in kim and
returns a sorted copy of a list
summarize rpc statistics of requests for ui .
we cannot copy files directly from the library folder to the output socket , as this can potentially lock the library for an extended period .
given the rule figures out the triggertype with parameter and increments reference count on the appropriate trigger .
if enough time has passed , update the metric values
create intersection of two dictionaries .
if generic = = true then returns empty _ _ git _ sha _ _ string
add a rabbitmq user via rabbitmqctl user _ add
helper method that instantiates the stimclient .
establish database connection and load models
watch / unwatch a thread .
partial object generator for the synchronization decorator .
map the vm state to the server status string .
get current movie state .
decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search .
new web link form
run doctest on the given module .
return a list of all directories on the master
helper function for l { safe _ repr } and l { safe _ str } .
this function returns a persistent l { key } .
connect to a 2 - tuple and return the socket object .
returns true if the two strings are equal , false otherwise
clear the cache of an lru cache object on entering and exiting .
determine the character encoding from the passed metadata and the @ charset rule in the stylesheet ; and decode accordingly .
get a toolbar with buttons used for object editing .
convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
fixes various encoding problems on all platforms .
save the load to the specified jid
get pupil positions closest in time to ref points .
helper method to implement unabc
helper method for present .
evaluates the cdf of the lognormal distribution .
napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries .
get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
yields all testsuites .
dtlz3 multiobjective function .
return requests authorization : header , as a bytestring .
solves lap _ sparse x _ i = b _ i for each phase i , using the conjugate gradient method .
check antecedents for the laplace inversion integral .
return the transifex resource name
helper for futrig .
pads image with black letterboxing to bring image . shape up to shape
formats an event as a l { unicode } , using the format in
convert a key into a string of binary digits
set up lights for the litejet platform .
get the ascii int value of a character in a string .
remove a database name
create a rule to remove identities isid - fn : : x - > bool - - - whether or not this element is an identity > > > from sympy . strategies import rm _ id > > > from sympy import basic > > > remove _ zeros = rm _ id > > > remove _ zeros ( basic )
construct a reference from a serialized reference .
returns the maximum number of open file descriptors on this system .
get the xmpp options from salt .
returns a translation object .
return the name of the current backend .
parse str into jsondict
skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
require the hg command - line tool .
parse a line number spec and return a list of wanted line numbers .
all local steps necessary for unregistering a server with a central server .
look for a file first in conf _ src _ dir , if it exists , otherwise optionally look in the source tree sample etc dir .
get outset path .
fills in initial contact form fields from request .
stop the listening server which was created with a call to listen ( ) .
read the setting key from environment variables .
similar to getprocessoutputandvalue , but also allows injection of input on stdin
checks whether where function type arguments are expected .
return global dict & current local dictionary .
computes empirical quantiles for a data array .
ensure a given cache cluster is deleted .
this function will call the callback every second
returns the vector between a point and the closest point on a line .
returns color prefs and mapping data based on options .
expand coefficients to lag poly
iterate through each chart element for check for contents
activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer
cleanup the oslo _ messaging layer .
partial release complete section 9 . 1 . 27
test whether c { descendantname } is equal to or is a i { subdomain } of
revoke a certificate .
sends the login instructions email for the specified user .
returns the windows version of the get screen buffer .
return the github client , cached into _ _ context _ _ for performance
shutdown a running system with no timeout or warning .
pull a single field from the site _ query data
builds a test suite for the gdal tests .
transform a given uri into an app url
sorts tables in constraint order , least constrained tables first .
get the max .
get current connection pool limit .
cleanup configuration attributes .
gives a human - readable uptime string
determine if the working directory has been changed .
returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class .
with colored output , an unsuccessful outline scenario should print beautifully .
count number of security groups in a project .
try to connect to the given url .
returns a list of the format modules found
request a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
returns whether the requesting _ user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
gets a virtual interface from the table .
helper method for test . fib , doesnt calculate the time .
saves the backend configuration to a local file for consumption by the trial process .
create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile .
apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object .
return the mtime time stamp and the updated cache time .
get flattened nested rings .
return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data
construct a dict of environment variables for given options .
enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil .
writes the header line at the top of the log file .
return mirror plane point and normal vector from reflection matrix .
hue is configured for https .
get media instance from this media list instance .
format the exception part of a traceback .
force conversion of s to unicode .
parse path pattern text into list of _ patternelements , put warnings into the provided set .
put an expression over a common denominator , cancel and reduce .
trims _ cached _ views cache to half the size of _ max _ cache _ size .
return a 405 response when method is not allowed .
generates a polynomial using a vandermonde system
return a tuple for all locale directories .
register the driver .
converts list of dispatchentry objects into a yaml string .
get session and key
dask graph to repartition dataframe by new divisions
return similar entries .
generate a filepath for the calling app
check if a package was just installed ( in plugin _ loaded ( ) )
take a cudandarray and return a pycuda . gpuarray . gpuarray
insert a history item in db
return a memcache server object
get the about info from the service content .
handles an extends line in a snippet .
computes the alpha - level confidence interval for the median of the data .
wraps a class method and marks it as a dataprovider factory and creates a function to parse query strings to _ _ init _ _ arguments as the parse _ query _ string _ settings attribute of the factory function .
convert a string that is probably supposed to be a boolean value into an actual bool type .
return restructuredtext code block from code string
ensure a zone has specific attributes .
normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags .
create a reversed field path .
return a 16 byte has of the uuid , used when smaller unique
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
return true iff _ str _ ends with _ suffix _ .
return a new callback for : mod : werkzeug . script that starts a local server with the profiler enabled .
read old pack tag .
return url of remote source for repo .
returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance .
get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities .
returns controller permissions if defined .
format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file
get or create a badge .
get instances and joins active during a certain time window .
returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
creates a local file system for a given apps help directory .
decorates a class , and set steps definitions from methods except those in the attribute " exclude " or starting by underscore .
filter a erros by select and ignore options .
create a new keyspace in cassandra .
set a symbol handler for the given file _ extension
normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 .
version of : func : os . setgid supporting group names .
post - response callback resp : requests response object
create an index / multindex with given dimensions , levels , names , etc nentries - number of entries in index nlevels - number of levels prefix - a string prefix for labels names - , bool or list of strings .
filters and returns only valid ip objects .
acquit resource or acquit case fmri : string fmri or uuid
test reading a fixed - position dipole .
run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit
a shortcut to create a tcp socket , bind it and put it into listening state .
returns the string contained in the setting admin _ media _ prefix .
runs check and asserts whether it should be skipped or not for the given source _ string and target _ string .
parse a packet from a pcap just enough to gain a flow description tuple
associate user social account with user instance .
non - view helper to handle login and register requests .
delete a stack name
find the median across axis 0 of a csc matrix .
request configuration steps from the user .
make sure the given attributes exist on the file / directory name
returns true if the input phrase has a positive sentiment .
creates a workflow to convert the outputs from creatematrix into a single comma - separated value text file .
check that the given string represents valid : class : bson data .
return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable .
detach elb from subnets .
execute without returning stdout .
switch to vi editing mode .
run a command , routing stderr to stdout , and return the output .
setup the trend sensors .
move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors .
converts the results of sql execution into a plain set of column tuples .
inputs a table and some subset of its columns , and returns an index corresponding to this subset or none if no such index exists .
asserts that only the given choices are checked , and given text fields have a desired value
compare two labeled polynomials .
helper function used in building a test html table .
show binary digits of a number , pads to 64 bits unless specified .
delete a task
transform an extent from srid _ in to srid _ out .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
returns true if after evaluating permissions for each linked doctype - there is an owner match for the ref _ doctype - and there is a user permission match for all linked doctypes
return osquery _ flags information from osquery
return the path to . git / merge _ msg or . git / squash _ msg .
ensure add _ dict _ to _ cookiejar works for non - requestscookiejar cookiejars
get all snapshots .
single notification function
detach the supplied loopback device _ file .
returns the qualified path name for the widget .
read the source spaces from a fif file .
return similar artists to this one
compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
delete a specific flavor
return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section .
get the options passed as build _ exe _ options to cx _ freeze .
get new derivation .
returns a tuple of sample models .
replaces some commonly - used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report .
fingerprint the frontend files .
main control function
modifies a view function so its response has the x - frame - options http header set to deny as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
read events from fif or text file .
vanilla test for the distutils distribution .
use instead of urllib . addinfourl . geturl ( ) , which appears to have some issues with dropping the double slash for certain schemes
returns a string with all html tags removed .
context manager to temporarily replace all modules with something else .
add a star to graph g .
copy treebuilders from the given module into this module .
check if ethernet device exists .
subscribe a query .
decorator to mark a validator method for a bokeh error condition
compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
wraps f to return none if f raises an exception assumes f takes only one input
wake the application
this is a standard dice roller .
test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model .
execute django subcommands .
return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads .
returns the url key for the given server _ url .
escapes text for use in markdown .
set the default colormap to hot and apply to current image if any .
return a generator for the zipfile .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ _ doc _ _
checks to see if the page has been modified since the version in the requesters cache .
runs a specific check
parses a size specification .
format response from engine into api format .
return a dict containing information on all of the running tcp connections . .
return the action and the action state for the given id
start celery umbrella command .
scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices
crops the visual observations of an environment so that they only contain the game screen .
uncouple a coupled spin state
auto - populate the vary response header based on request . header access .
this function contains the loop that actually trains the model .
project points onto surface .
retrieve the output of a sql query taking advantage of the error - based
indicate that columns within the given deferred group name should be undeferred .
returns all cliques in an undirected graph .
goes through the request object to retrieve facility information , if possible .
create a filesystem repository .
uninstall a cabal package .
download the file at url to target using powershell .
compute size of files that need to be moved .
return a human - readable string representation of a filesize
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
return the enclosing package name where qualified _ name is located .
convert numbers as string to an int or float
wrap pyyamls loader so we can extend it to suit our needs .
determine the disk bus for a disk dev .
submits a task to generate a csv file containing information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet .
get date and time in utc with a specific format
resets the db contents .
context temporarily setting the default socket timeout .
get lowercase string representation of enum .
we get here from / jobs / jobid / tasks / taskid / attempts / attemptid / kill
enable tcp - md5 on the given socket .
present form to complete for signup via external authentication .
saves a file with read - write permissions on for the owner .
returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
returns the data sent with the request .
get the description for carve .
unzip the file to the destination location
return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories , such that the matchers returned by the new factories have function applied to any mismatch they receive .
call both with prep _ jid on all returners in multi _ returner
return the software name , e . g . freenas
export a tarball from the repository cwd
checks whether the input is a valid list of peers and transforms domain names into ip addresses
get all history item
ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value
a fixture providing a guiprocess with a mocked qprocess .
delete specified tag from the instance .
refine a video by searching its metadata .
helper to get hpi information from raw .
compiles a replacement template .
compare two objects attributes
fetches the given http url , blocking until the result is returned .
enable the named service to start at boot
concurrently converts a generator object of requests to a generator of responses .
returns a dictionary containing the boutiques input corresponding to a nipype intput .
get the encoding for command - line arguments .
lazard - rioboo - rothstein - trager resultant reduction .
returns the number of isolates in the graph .
this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
l is a list of object to quick _ combine .
returns the tensor dot product of two arrays along specified axes .
function to set the vmx _ path global variable to null
return a list of active certificates
returns a bed line for given data .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
compose and return a url for the tool shed api .
checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
the best job in the world .
give _ _ nr _ ioprio _ set value for your system .
test frequency - domain connectivity methods
set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case .
raise the priority of the current thread / process .
returns the default proxy , set by set _ default _ proxy .
make regex safe to mysql .
set the prefixer for the current thread .
adds warnings if barcodes have different lengths
sum a list of : class : . layoutdimension instances .
repeatedly tile the image texture across and down the image canvas
helper to print all system commands in debug mode
raises a typicalmemoryerror if the memoryerror has no messages
it is classified under system of two linear homogeneous first - order constant - coefficient ordinary differential equations .
get the arounds from the path .
delete user account login : string login name
takes an iterable of sources , generating namestrings and piping their output into date _ sort .
calculate the number of writes required to maintain a specific index .
executes the cli commands and reuturns the text output .
a version for the aitchison - aitken kernel for nonparametric regression .
replace all urls in : class : cssutils . css . cssimportrule or
creates an elementwise kernel function .
a decorator that maps a subproject _ slug url param into a project .
return a random bipartite graph g _ { n , m , k } .
tests whether a dataset has normal kurtosis
configure users permissions
convert a cmp = function into a key = function
same as a % = b .
this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by
convert file and data formats to int codes , e . g . , wav int16 - > .
accumulate childrens values in parent accounts
list package info based on the command .
set a keys expire at given unix time
create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
left tail of incomplete gamma function .
only return if requests is installed
utility function that retrieves a given git code repository .
return a tuple containing the schemes names .
parses a range header .
tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern in a region .
use the text to speach api to speak text out loud : - )
get the font reader for the fontfamily .
set slow - spawning timeouts to zero
return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a , b , c
returns darkened color as a reportlab rgb color .
format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format .
get the latest configuration data for this app - version from the datastore .
get all certificates for a user .
compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem .
trims the smallest and largest data values .
given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0 - 1 floats , return the hex string
write a checksum to disk for a file in _ base .
simplifies exponential / trigonometric / hyperbolic functions .
validates course key .
return a list of search paths , including the standard location
get the distance squared to the closest point of the loop and index of that point .
a class decorator used to register providers .
get largest loop from loops .
returns the path to the given object .
list database query via frappe . model . db _ query .
set the range header .
return a formatted string version of a date object .
determines if the system needs to be rebooted .
return a service that will be attached to the application .
helper function to do the repository commmit .
repartition dataframe to a smaller number of partitions
capitalize a value .
render ( ) is the main shortcut / workhorse for rendering view responses .
return the line in a cell at a given cursor position
extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list
unescape a string escaped by quote _ escape .
set env parameters .
load font file .
testing the colorful output of failed with table
returns a new collection id .
determine if private and special class members are included in docs .
encoding kludge : call function with arguments and unicode - encode output
return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term .
serializes a value to json and encodes it using base64 .
the http redirect binding defines a mechanism by which saml protocol messages can be transmitted within url parameters .
walk a dir path looking for files and marking their content type
converts the reduced groebner basis f of a zero - dimensional ideal w . r . t .
construct a hydratedtarget from a targetadaptor and hydrated versions of its adapted fields .
test uses environment variables to play nicely with teamcity config templates
a simplified / serialized version of the data container .
update global statistics totals .
clear any lxc variables set in _ _ context _ _
match pairs of tokens : ( ) [ ] { } function ( )
clears the terminal screen .
takes the full _ text that is typed so far and also the text before the cursor to suggest completion type and scope .
produce a mapper level row processor callable which processes rows into mapped instances .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
return an instance of emailmultialternative with both plaintext and html versions .
collect css includes for all addons - ons implementing hgrid views .
install useful deps
dynamically creates a class that inherits from all the classes passed as parameters .
compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
apply security groups to elb .
using the list of filenames being shared , fill in details that the web page will need to display .
retrieves the grain value from the cached dictionary .
refer to figurefactory . create _ scatterplotmatrix ( ) for docstring
starts an interactive ipython console
parse a time string to datetime .
helper to reindent a multi - line statement .
load manifest for specified package .
this is a backwards compatibility function .
get all api stages for a given apiid and deploymentid
translates given string into chosen language
generate signature function from actual function .
returns a new array of given shape and dtype , filled with ones .
return a standard permission denied response
create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called .
synthesizes a versioned document from the latest document and the values of all versioned fields from the old version .
callback invoked when a list of mailboxes has been retrieved .
return a bool for the arg
request to have students cohorted in bulk .
within a given course , cohort students in bulk , then upload the results using a reportstore .
extract ids of po entries that are used in javascript files .
check if user site directory is safe for inclusion
ensure basic interface compliance for an instance or dict of callables .
derives an appropriate datatype based on the expression .
return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob
returns a dictionary of posts that have attachments with a list of the attachment _ urls
helper to send an ec2 _ compatible error .
get the studio url of the page that is passed in .
return the error rate based on dense predictions and sparse labels .
wrapper around np . testing . assert _ array _ equal that also verifies that inputs are ndarrays .
this will submit a number of timers to the provided connection .
generic weekly archive view .
check whether the job exists in configured jenkins jobs .
output a listing of a file or directory in the bup repository .
determines whether the passed value is a string , safe for 2 / 3 .
solving an issue with an urllib2 request header case sensitivity
retrieve field list for a given table
run background worker instance .
return * n * random gaussian mixtures , each of length * m * .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
initializes and configures the process and then the viewfinder server .
authenticate using scram - sha - 1 .
returns a domain object representing an exploration summary .
return a relative version of a path
break _ after is used to define how often a is inserted .
decorator _ factory returns a one - parameter family of decorators
returns true if a process with pid is running , false otherwise .
bind keys to mod + group position or to the keys specified as second argument
return the nth item from a list , or if the list is shorter .
write the relationships xml .
return rows that match host and metadata key .
returns the hash of a certificate in the keychain .
create a more useful type string by making types report their class .
chebyshev polynomial of the second kind .
return s as a postgres literal string
create list of line segments from x and y coordinates .
validate an ipv4 address
check if location exists .
convert a param from the use _ case fixture to a nicer name .
declares that user is using an experimental feature .
signal handler for setting user language and migrating profile if needed .
tries to " guess " a generating function for a sequence of rational numbers v .
alias to dbref
copy a file and its modification times , if possible .
separate one key - value pair in a mailcap entry .
set who else or which other group can interact with the document .
build out all containers as defined in the environment file .
get the users home directory , using the same logic as the docker engine client - use % userprofile % on windows , $ home / getuid on posix .
view for email confirmation links .
takes an index for retrieving the sequence of template tags from mezzanine . conf . dashboard _ tags to render into the admin dashboard .
combines a form mixin with a form class , sets attrs to the resulting class .
breusch - pagan lagrange multiplier test for heteroscedasticity
will convert any time into seconds .
precict the backgroundability of the normal shell interface , which comes down to whether it is being run in subproc mode .
check that numpy is installed and it is of the minimum version we require .
produce 4 colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
builds the property spec .
return a dict of keys that differ with another config object .
convert a path to a file : url .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
returns the string with control characters for pattern syntax escaped .
efficiently transform an expression into a polynomial .
set ticks and labels on horizontal axis .
set the salt process environment variables .
fetches all feedbackanalytics , for all the given exploration ids .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
generate a pared - down traceback thats human readable but small .
directory tree walk with callback function .
gets a number , and returns it as a string , using formats definied as arguments : decimal _ sep : decimal separator symbol decimal _ pos : number of decimal positions grouping : number of digits in every group limited by thousand separator thousand _ sep : thousand separator symbol
convenience function to drop full channels of feature maps .
returns the type of each object in the given object .
declare interfaces provided by a module
true if point datetime specification is equal or after now
renders a template in the currently set locale .
make function raise skiptest exception if a given condition is true .
test if the given groups are different from the total partition .
collect ports created by quantum from ovs
return the id of the group that owns a given file
for logging create / update / delete operations to aws apigateway
split filter values
filter collection with predicate function and index .
find a file with name filename located in path .
computes the cohn numbers for the detection limits in the dataset .
return dictionary with signed request data .
look at the p4 client spec , create a view ( ) object that contains all the mappings , and return it .
for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer .
returns 1 if p may be prime , and something else if p definitely is not prime
set python file object to nonblocking mode .
cancels the given batchjob .
create a cell containing the given value .
remove a member from the group .
draw a linear , bilinear , or radial gradient .
perform an ensemble measurement of all qubits .
converts a string to a clickable link .
changes the current user just within a context .
deletes an user .
compile function from a sympy expression
return the unit result of combining * datetime _ unit * with * timedelta _ unit *
retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment
copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order .
copy all stat info from src to dst
add xml from x , y & z .
run a shell command on a remote host .
install and configure salt in a container .
format text with color or other effects into ansi escaped string .
create dimension hierarchies from metadata and possibly inherit from template dimension .
returns a document to be embedded by reference using data _ relation taking into account document versions
add tags to instance .
return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data .
ensure the named elasticache cluster is deleted .
return time from dictionary of strptime fields
decode a base16 encoded string .
creates a scoped token using the tenant id and unscoped token ; retrieves the service catalog for the given tenant .
bronsteins full partial fraction decomposition algorithm .
assigns current user from request to thread _ locals , used by
lists the creds for given a cred _ name and tenant _ id
computes nodes and weights for multivariate normal distribution
extracts the colors from colorscale as a list
connect to a mongo database and read per - node tops data .
datasets that are older than the specified cutoff and for which the tool _ id contains the specified text will be marked as deleted in users history and the user will be notified by email using the specified template file .
store session data persistently so that it is propagated automatically to new logged in clients
returns a machine based on its hostname or none
get all evoked entries .
passed comment text to be rendered through the function defined by the comment _ filter setting .
collapse outer dimensions into one and preserve inner dimension this allows for easy cpu operations in numpy
chops the binary glove co - occurrence matrix into shards .
return an entity from an entity or model instance .
prompt the user to reply with yes or no .
return an iterator over all non - overlapping matches in the string .
get the messagebird notification service .
mark an attribute on an instance as modified .
create a banner for an interactive session .
a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre / post signal .
creates the database tables .
get the python directories .
sample from the even layers given a list of previous states .
if swift _ test _ policy is set : - look in swift . conf file for specified policy - move this to be policy - 0 but preserving its options - copy its ring file to test dir , changing its devices to suit in process testing , and renaming it to suit policy - 0
prefix = tempfile is : if not stdout . startswith : raise exception logfile = stdout [ len : ] . strip ( ) # remove trailing new line char
adds media - related context variables to the context .
perform a union of two types .
to use basic login with a different server from gluon . contrib . login _ methods . basic _ auth import basic _ auth auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( basic _ auth )
set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
computes the logistic loss and gradient .
check roundtrip writing .
install python packages from a pip requirements file _ .
return all metrics
get windows network adapter name .
computes the circular variance of an array of circular data .
disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer
handler for qute : help .
get current version and download link .
make a trivial single - dispatch generic function
verify that home directory has perm access for current user .
read the measurement info .
applies nice css to the type string
return a list of command - line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . flags and sys . warnoptions .
render a template into a string .
convert dipole object to source estimate and calculate forward operator .
converts a numeric state identifier to a status message .
bumps version to the next release , or development version .
yield matching step logs , optionally filtering by * step _ id * .
execute a complete training run .
convert non - none datetime to timestamp , assuming utc .
template settings for drr project portal URL
registers web server and loads api and webui via config
test mne watershed bem .
convert an ip address from binary form into text representation
remove the null handler from the dulwich loggers .
helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes .
returns the user on whose behalf the request was made .
get word matrix .
collect the list of installed visual studio versions .
test jsonreport output with unicode and bytestring
these parameters determine the lower note threshold and the channel pressure thresholds of the pads .
runs func on objects in parallel while ensuring that func is ran on object only after it is ran on all its dependencies .
validates a single node excluding links .
format a compound number value , i . e . " kilometers per hour " or similar .
this function is strictly meant for internal use by the lie group ode solving method .
decode encoded fvwi .
fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties .
check if packet is a command completion packet .
generate a secure data key without a plaintext copy of the key .
test the methods of windows
do nrounds salsa20 rounds on a copy of input : list or tuple of 16 ints treated as little - endian unsigneds .
starts the mock s3 server on the given port at the given path .
check if a storage backend is frozen based on host and cluster _ name .
test comensation by comparing with mne .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
read one prosite record .
test simulation of raw data with bem .
checks to see if the users enrollment can be updated by the code .
clones specified pull request from repo _ url and optionally merges into master
load colors from a photoshop . act file , return palette info .
function converts an error status to a raised exception .
creates a full r - ary tree of n vertices .
fixture to return a actual file name of the dump .
create a # ! line , getting options from script _ text
sort a sequence .
check for valid credentials file .
test chpi logging and adjustment .
provide a repr for a byte string that begins with b on both
compile localizable strings from sources , extracting strings first .
undo symbolic op if string is in str .
this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 2 .
template settings for rgims :
use this to create the body of boto response errors .
checks if undefined - step snippets are not provided .
validate that the permission _ types list only contains valid values for the provided resource .
return a path to the requested yaml file .
displays a message on the led matrix .
get a metadata - schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
convert an extension element to a normal element .
get an selinux context from a given path
fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file .
we need this hack because twisted doesnt offer a way to get file name from content - disposition header .
return list of parent package names .
returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
activate a scrapy egg file .
checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
returns a list of clusters for the the specified host .
add a version to the tracker with the version specified
returns the energy of the state in hartree atomic units .
return the status for a service , returns the pid or an empty string if the service is running or not , pass a signature to use to find the service via ps
delete the forward and reverse records for a host .
remove special directories which are created during the tests .
ofc id converter
gets the keyword phrases from the keywords file in the jasper data dir .
generates and queues subtasks to each execute a chunk of " items " generated by a queryset .
create an array of n _ colors
very basic tokenizer : split the sentence into a list of tokens .
run jpegoptim on a file .
returns a tuple of possible : py : meth : ~ sympy . solvers . ode . dsolve classifications for an ode .
start an event on an instance action .
process the xml element .
custom _ retrieve to override web2py dals standard retrieve , as that checks filenames for uuids , so doesnt work with pre - populated files in static
show seconds in human form .
renders the app list for the admin dropdown menu navigation .
returns the headers value , or none if no such header .
load core result rows using fetchall .
mimic function of the same name in optionparser , capturing the arguments consumed in * arg _ map
trims link if its longer than trim _ url _ length chars .
show differences between 2 binary strings
get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
create a shell script file from a sequence of effects .
just connect it to the event event .
return neigh useless sizing info about a blockdev
perform any pending database migrations and upgrades .
convert gregorian float of the date , preserving hours , minutes , seconds and microseconds .
clear all assets for location .
adds properties for all fields in this protocol message type .
validates that the filter is configured in the default filters .
validates the email format , also checks whether the domain is blacklisted in the disposable domains configuration .
adds a constraint , which will be enforced during program execution .
get the certificate info needed to render the dashboard section for the given student and course .
check if convexy polygon a and b collide , return true if this is the case .
returns a description of the token .
compute a minimal standard basis of g with respect to order o .
commit quota reservations .
setup the neato sensor platform .
return the version of the system software
a decorator moving the enclosed function inside the tempfile . tempfdir
method to compute the aggregates for the graphs .
l { collapsingpumppolicy } is a policy which collapses all outstanding chunks into a single string and delivers it to the target .
password _ reset sends the email with the new password
change frequency of subtitle thread
get subject name from class .
setup a mqtt template light .
selection _ statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement
validate the type of method arguments that expect a document .
remove a user from the minion
return groups for a particular container .
unpause a gcode linear move text .
wrap a function to raise an exception when the return value is not true .
main access method for the language parser .
uninstalls the kivys threaded twisted reactor .
associate a thread with a task .
look for dot11 packets that arent to or from broadcast address , are type 1 or 2 , and append the addr1 and addr2 to the list of deauth targets .
load social auth current user data to context .
main text input from the client .
returns github api url for querying labels .
analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis !
test installing from a wheel file with headers
input parameters and the file name , save parameters into . npz file .
gets metric by name from list in this module
convert a time into a datetime
parse a high - level container , such as a list , tuple , etc .
clear the output window .
parse and return the system config settings in / etc / electrum . conf .
cms resource headers
function that gets the right widget for the question
clear cached attributes from a pandas dataframe .
return the 3 - regular platonic cubical graph .
check whether a service is up based on last heartbeat .
mark a function as expecting kwargs expr , memo and ctrl from hyperopt . fmin .
provides a function decorator for async - steps .
checks whether t is valid js identifier name
recursive function to find the most recent valid timestamp in the past
create a release branch .
test inter - subject label morphing
pass the return value of this function to . transform ( ) to automatically resolve translation objects
yield a doctest - safe sequence of object reprs .
if we have bytes , decode them to unicode
warn about a bug .
vectorized upper triangular portion of a square matrix .
wrapper to popen .
a simple decorator to enable cors .
modify configuration options for a given port .
check if a package was just upgraded ( in plugin _ loaded ( ) )
returns string with digit parts only as version .
return true if the current request is a json / ajax request .
pad strings in the series / index with an additional character to specified side .
deletes a certificate from amazon .
import fileset in to module space .
efficiently clone a container using hard links
compare two ext * feature lists .
return the hill cipher encryption of msg .
show a diff dialog for diff expressions
roll back any expired reservations .
recursively find packages in * root _ dir * .
pads a sequence out to n elements , filling in with a default value if it is not long enough .
display the current highest - priority alternative for a given alternatives link
this method attempts to unify two terms .
attempts to find a plugin and extract streams from the * url * .
return system rc configuration variables
construct a base class for declarative class definitions .
run the api test suite .
function which implements the u function from bookstein paper
get the version of eye and tensor _ product for a given format .
attempt to parse a log line and extract day , time , module and msg .
this function inspects the current set of hardware devices and returns controller _ key and unit _ number that can be used for attaching a new virtual disk to adapter with the given adapter _ type .
returns a row from the cursor as a dict
build the text of the file and write the file .
return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter
return time information from osquery
validate that a username is email like .
compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a range
return the given html string with entity and char references replaced .
setup the available octoprint binary sensors .
install one or more packages .
checks that the file - upload field data contains a valid image ( gif , jpg ,
return largest integer not greater than ns / 10e8 .
find and return an existing link in scheme connected to the same input channel as link if the channel has the single flag .
get port from the tap device .
extracts widget content from rendred html
formats objects returned from get _ contact _ objects or get _ user _ objects for a more convenient output and templating , structured by module
convert latin characters using vcg escape sequence .
things like layout , figure , and data need to be included .
get the area of a complex polygon .
plot a topographic map as image .
three advancing white soldiers
compares the medians from two independent groups along the given axis .
helper function for options and option groups in templates .
abbreviate the given text to threshold chars and append an ellipsis if its length exceeds threshold ; used for logging ;
creates a pipeline that does the same connectivity processing as in the
catch any task failure signals from within our worker processes and log them as exceptions , so they appear in sentry and ordinary logging output .
retrieve the users status for each credit requirement in the course .
indicate that for a particular entity , only the given list of column - based attribute names should be loaded ; all others will be deferred .
get or set the * x * limits of the current axes .
get the profile sequence index of the file plus one .
apply a function , and enforce the output to match meta
print flake output , colored by error category .
returns boolean telling whether or not the named service is available
upload one or more files to a remote host .
returns a json representation of a cohort .
returns the path of a test file .
return a map of the minimal info necessary to draw an answers page .
return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
create a continuous random variable with a chi - squared distribution .
returns a dictionary of fieldname - > infodict for the given table , where each infodict is in the format : { primary _ key : boolean representing whether its the primary key , unique : boolean representing whether its a unique index }
return quoted string even if it is unicode one .
only load this module if openstack - service is installed
context manager that saves the current working directory , and chdirs back to it after execution .
get listings directly from the account server .
filter to convert value to float and multiply it .
create a task object
extract pyzmq version from sugar / version . py , so its not multiply defined
delete specified image ( s ) .
create a rule to sort by a key function > > > from sympy . strategies import sort > > > from sympy import basic > > > sort _ rl = sort > > > sort _ rl ( basic )
apply migrations for master facts
delete an image tag .
generate a formatted timestamp
check if the given ip address is a loopback address . .
an optimized version of insert _ many ( ) when * where * is known upfront and used many times .
require a postgresql database .
we are handling config value setting like this for a cleaner api .
code common to mkstemp , temporaryfile , and namedtemporaryfile .
unpack the ssl handshake in multiple handshake message
analyze file and create a job from it
return the string representation of t .
return the langage name currently used in its localised form either from parameter or current environ setting
look up a word on wiktionary .
read the slc header .
process the consumption a club - skip the header line - iterate over lines - read 4 records at a time - parse each line : club , date , time , consumption - get club object from dictionary if needed - aggregate consumption - call club . processconsumption ( ) with data
forward pass through gru layer
gather the number of users who have at least one node in each of the stages for an addon
define scala _ fat _ library target .
return true is file is writable
returns the members as seen by the local serf agent
remove the fake project directory created during the tests .
returns true if a user in course with the given roles would have permission _ name blacked out .
get from script or backward compatibility
shortcut to create a : class : . style instance from a pygments style class and a style dictionary .
return the value closest to 0 that self may have if all symbols are signed and the result is uniformly the same sign for all values of symbols .
return true if the dll given by filename matches the cpu type / architecture of the
creates a boilerplate app
custom spam checker backend for testing zinnia
returns a string that prints the given text in the given color in a terminal that is ansi color - aware .
compute the kruskal - wallis h - test for independent samples
test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines .
exactly the same as : func : signal . signal except where
convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object
replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement .
parses the facebooklocales . xml file and builds a dict relating every available language with a list of available regions for that language and an default region .
write graph in pajek format to path .
revert snapshot to the previous from current or to the specific .
validate the address and parse out and return the message id .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
returns longest common prefix occuring in given sequences
json api endpoint for manipulating a group configuration via its internal id .
encode form data and files for post request .
tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api .
sort iterable based on loose description of " version " from newest to oldest .
return corners from a harris response image min _ dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary .
set adjust option as integer .
takes a size string from the config and turns it into int .
given a user , get the detail of all the orders from the ecommerce service .
convert a mac address into a pxe config file name .
wrapper on image _ resize _ image , to resize to the standard small image size : 50x50 .
get media player of the media _ list _ player instance .
given a clsid , return the globally associated class .
get the lowering information for the ufunc with key ufunc _ key .
returns a list of variables to train .
format the return value in list into hex .
iterate through a list of seen classes , and remove any instances that are referred to
decorator to declare which methods should have any swift . authorize call delayed .
removes the first instance of the specified arg from the list of args .
detects the number of effective cpus in the system
retrieve the created plugin from the completed argparse results .
sample _ metadata : 2d dictionary mapping sample ids to metadata state _ category : metadata category name describing state of interest as a string state _ values : ordered list of values of interest in the state _ category metadata entry individual _ identifier _ category : metadata category name describing the individual as a string filter _ missing _ data : if true , an individual is excluded from the result object if any of its values are none .
alter the state of the given instance so that it is : term : transient .
parse a fragment of a document , given the context from which it was originally extracted .
used to echo strings to scsi subsystem .
compute md5 hash of " byte _ str " and return it encoded as hex string .
remove a rule from the csf denied hosts
builds an l { errormessage } based on the last traceback and the request that was sent .
send email after event import
validates the given file against the appropriate votable schema .
combine powers so that the latex is wrapped in curly braces correctly .
adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object :
get general help information or information on a specific attribute .
get remote / target ip address
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
returns ip of system
covert a phred quality to a solexa quality .
call proceeding section 9 . 3 . 3
returns the list of libraries for this configuration .
checks if libcloud is installed and fails if not
returns filesystemloader initialized to res / templates directory
rest - json api client
update mailing list subscription in mailchimp .
use paramiko to retrieve the entire show version output .
if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value , otherwise the value of the variable : . .
update the timestamp field of a dataframe to normalize dates around some data query time / timezone .
returns the directory for apps .
validator for stack rosdeps .
return the current policy for the specified table / chain
concatenate a path and a position , between the filename and the extension .
test if attribute checks are in place
returns an approximation of a derivative of a function in the form of a finite difference formula .
construct a symbolic rnn - rbm and initialize parameters .
opens the help in users preferred browser .
shuffle the attributes of the input individual and return the mutant .
initialize session completion model .
update counters for page .
print an error message followed by an indented stack trace
queries calendar ( s ) for the user for the specified year .
return the available pageviews by date for the targets and location .
modify original data by using parameter data .
fetch a new specification or use the cache if its current .
wrapper around print ( ) that suppresses tracebacks on broken pipes ( i . e .
validate whether the password meets all validator requirements .
the main function runs the sitesexample application .
only works on windows systems
template uses element _ id in js function names , so cant allow dashes and colons .
tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero .
helper method to update the block in the modulestore
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
returns true if the name looks like a url
retrieve information used to render the footer .
same as with _ rw _ repo , but also provides a writable remote repository from which the rw _ repo has been forked as well as a handle for a git - daemon that may be started to run the remote _ repo .
create export job for an export that is going to start
return dict with details of first item found in output .
require a working copy of the repository from source .
verify the code for a given revision .
iterate over the lines that make up content .
looks up recursively for a sliced simpler device in the track .
parse command - line arguments .
setup the connection to the zigbee device .
returns the bit length of a private key in pem format .
dumps memory usage information to file
create a key _ pair from the values dictionary .
return a boto connection for the service .
get new derivation .
safely open a file .
list all objects managed by python gc with class name matching regex .
retrieve the content of all buckets and cache the metadata to the buckets cache file
copied from python2 . 7
serializes a user defined function .
return true if cython or pyrex can be imported .
private method to manage producing messages asynchronously
attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
prepare to run tests with eventlet .
handle running this program from the command - line .
retrieve the logs and retrieve the status for a upid .
parse all the command line options which control the config system .
returns complete html tag string .
complete a mavlink variable
given an arbitrary string , create one that can be used as an xml id .
version of : func : os . setuid supporting usernames .
load texture from a gd image file .
get column labels based on column names
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
fork a pointer .
allows configuring log levels from the commandline .
test if arg is an int .
returns the name of the objects type .
configures the context processors .
get the grains from the proxied device
stop the specified service
parse a manifest object out of the given string .
read in all shared strings in the table
read metamorph stk uic4tag from file and return as dictionary .
validate the appname option .
select an element from an attribute value .
get the maximum distance from paths to an infinite line .
output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names , followed by " . . .
check whether a vpc with the given name or id exists .
select a file in the finder .
encode dict of cookies to ascii string
return a filter to check if a cg has volumes .
build an ls line for a file .
return the value of objects property .
compute all shortest paths in the graph .
a slightly modified version of the erfa function eraaticq .
dimension a gcode file .
read the hypertext help documents , and add the navigation lines to them .
returns a random integer x with 1 < = x < = maxvalue
returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language .
takes a dictionary and uses it to create a query string .
attach a bpf filter to the bpf file descriptor
convert between two search output formats , return number of records .
takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation .
convert s to float , none or raise
deletes the specified ipsecpolicy
checks if the ipv4 address is in a range belonging to the local network or loopback .
create an " accept " response for a given key .
apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat .
split a command lines arguments in a shell - like manner .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
process an empty line in a block scalar .
gathers the data from the specified minions mine , pass in the target , function to look up and the target type
our reviewers have a window of time in which to review a draft reg .
return tuple rather than list , since list is not hashable . . .
logging function for tests
prints all the url destination goal type info .
given a sequence of str , return a postgres array literal str .
we are available if we are have zoneadm and are the global zone on
return a list of users on windows
return true if the object is an abstract base class .
check if the name belongs to a right sequence .
bohachevsky test objective function .
set the given properties on an instance and update it .
the main entry point to start applications .
make a source space which covers the volume bounded by surf .
given a tuple of payoff matrices , initialize the tableau and basis arrays in place .
wrapper for devhub page titles .
convert from polar to cartesian coordinates .
create and return a temporary file .
handle all variable and command expansion and conditional evaluation .
challengenes the client for a basic authentication .
return a string that resets the cgi and browser to a known state .
returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer _ acl list .
returns a user - friendly release label .
auxiliary function for make _ compensator .
same as twisted . internet . defer . maybedeferred , but delay calling callback / errback to next reactor loop
evaluate a ast . ast node and return a pyname
display all images in the collection .
used by pickle protocol 4 , instead of _ _ newobj _ _ to allow classes with keyword - only arguments to be pickled correctly .
load an image from the specified path .
a context manager to toggle site configuration settings .
given the data for one read it returns 3 strs with the fasta seq , fasta qual and xml ancillary data .
given input in this form : : u { " status " : " pulling repository foo / ubuntubox " } : " image from foo / . . .
calculates at least one term of the series of " e " in " x " .
modify a string , using the provided modfunct function and titlesrefs namesrefs and charactersrefs references dictionaries .
get volume types that are associated with specific qos specs .
import csv file : quote : " delimiter : , encoding : utf - 8
test simulation metrics
calculate deltas required to reverse a prior upsizing quota adjustment .
returns a set of all directories that contain project templates .
exclusive _ or _ expression : exclusive _ or _ expression xor and _ expression
convert real id to svd .
builds an http client authenticated with the service account credentials .
return true if the given object is a mapped class ,
return the number of seconds since the begining of the day for that date
parses out any bootstrap related arguments , and uses them to build a dist .
idea from softwareproperties . ppa .
perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels .
evaluate performance on a given split
simple test function
this returns a dict of violations from the safelint report .
if exclude _ names is not none , the parser should exclude the columns in exclude _ names .
restful crud controller
create and return manifest instance from xml
divide the format string into tokens and parse them .
handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id .
make a request with the given request headers for the persistence tests .
returns titlified string .
determine the architecture of the guest .
get vlm _ media instance position by name or instance id .
return a httpresponsebadrequest if not authed .
ensures that mysql connections checked out of the pool are alive .
helper which returns a dict with privacy fields set to privacy _ level
set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs , to improve security .
return whether the version corresponds to a weekly release .
return list of digits comprising n represented in base b .
ensure the security group exists with the specified rules .
delete an association or raise if not found
return true if vm is running search : string filter vms , see the execution module .
returns the counts of each type of rating that a rater made
plots a 3d surface plot .
update all the cached queries related to the inbox relations
convert using old function .
get list of global aliases for fields
iterates over tuples in the first game of the given sgf file .
send requests to handlers based on the first path component .
extract the microversion from version . header
passing - - source - - target check .
upload a file - like object to this bucket .
start a standard python shell
return a dictionary item given a dictionary d and a flattened key from get _ column _ names .
load an object given its absolute object path , and return it .
show a datasetjob
a type or universal selector .
load the indicated file into a string and return the string .
return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object .
encodes s for raw use in html .
setup weblink component .
get the next link text .
perform basic validation of model inputs - - that they are mutually broadcastable and that they have the minimum dimensions for the given model _ set _ axis .
returns a tuple of the dependencies dictionary keys sorted by entries in the dependency lists .
check that the supplied args are sufficient for calling a function .
given a dictionary of key / value pairs , generates a fontconfig pattern string .
replaces all occurances of operator equal ( = ) with operator like
initialize glance store .
return the username to display in the navbar .
ensures that all parameters in a list of 2 - element tuples are decoded to unicode using utf - 8 .
advance overridden time using a datetime . timedelta .
return a dict describing specific volume _ type .
read registers from kernel space .
splits a listing of objects into their appropriate wrapper classes .
set up the media player demo platform .
read plst resource from the resource fork of path .
creates an initial state consisting of trainable variables .
get the date / time information for a given host or list of host _ names .
path _ list - a list of file paths to check .
build objects from stream .
compute directory associated with a given cache key .
test mgz header reading
create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor .
converts imap response string from eg imap4 . fetch ( ) to a hash .
attaches deserializers to a method .
create a timer function .
rewrite import xxx and from xxx import for vendored _ libs
for a given , returns the absolute . .
replace path with absolute path
ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image
return a new graph of g composed with h .
generate an sha256 hash of a given string . .
looks for rabbitmqctl warning , or general formatting , strings that arent intended to be parsed as output .
remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple .
register a release with pypi
select the best step according to trust region reflective algorithm .
assign assignee _ id to the given role and subscribes the assignee to future collection updates .
probability density function for lomb - scargle periodogram
convert x / abs ( x ) into sign ( x ) .
require a conda package .
rolling window view of the input n - dimensional array .
display the dashboard .
vote or unvote for a thread or a response .
computes the rogers - tanimoto dissimilarity between two boolean 1 - d arrays .
match a node to the target object by identity .
join an iterable of truthy values by spaces , effectively creating a list of css classes .
removes all non - digit characters from string .
pack an integer into a network - order two - byte string .
incrementally run query with a limit of chunk _ size until there are no results left .
create and return a resolver .
returns 3 disjoint sets of indexes : existing , to be created , and to be deleted .
given a series of anomaly scores , compute the likelihood for each score .
gets a list of potential audio output devices ,
leaves transaction management for a running thread .
edit the parameters of a task .
get a directory within $ mock _ hadoop _ tmp , creating it if it doesnt already exist .
get all parents tensors .
actor focused activity stream for actor defined by content _ type _ id , object _ id .
make sure string is unicode , try to decode with utf8 , or unicode escaped string if failed .
list all available public ips .
works like : func : make _ line _ iter but accepts a separator which divides chunks .
directory tree walk with callback function .
encode the input , returning a tuple .
send a message to a hipchat room .
construct polynomials from expressions .
check that string ip _ addr is a valid ip
does a " reverse " lookup - - returns the url for the given args / kwargs .
compute the clustering coefficient for nodes .
create reference object from app , namespace , and path .
define a task .
returns a list of edges for a 3d image .
shortens id names used in the document .
cgi - style request handler to dump the configuration .
returns a tuple .
decorator to give another decorator the @ no _ type _ check effect .
attachments for an object or update record
will backup the file then patch it
add faces from loops .
return a state with many containers .
attempt to verify set using the rars
converts binary representation label to integer .
the least generic type ( type , int , float , str , unicode ) .
fire an event on the local minion event bus .
computes the fundamental matrix from corresponding points using the normalized 8 point algorithm .
compute shortest path lengths in the graph .
display version info .
returns an instance of : class : i18nstore from the app registry .
decode an encoded thumbnail into its 3 component parts
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from user _ id .
calculate modified ngram precision .
parse the cli options
zarp entry point
return a list of dns names for instances matching the arguments .
provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data .
format a device for display .
wrap the given get _ response callable in exception - to - response conversion .
return all entities associated with specified qos specs .
normalize an argument name from the wire for use with python code .
runs the controller . function ( ) .
converts a fields string to a tuple .
simple but partial check for positive definiteness
return a random string size size of the string to generate hash _ type hash type to use . .
removes all tables from given plugin from the database , as well as removing current stored schema number .
wrapper to necklaces to return a free necklace .
decorator that turns off signal handlers when loading fixture data .
checks that expr is none
instantiate a new glanceclient . client object .
search for a node with high centrality .
get the exported version of a gcode file .
delete media and redirect to gallery view .
returns list of js dependencies belonging to group in settings . pipeline _ js .
makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token .
add package to py2exe / cx _ freeze distribution object
generate a profile .
given an identity pool id , set the given authenticatedrole and unauthenticatedrole if authenticatedrole or unauthenticatedrole is not given , the authenticated and / or the unauthenticated role associated previously with the pool will be cleared .
convenience iterator around pandas groupby and attribute specs .
setup pacemaker cluster on nodes .
bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
validate that the expression and resources passed match up .
validate the configuration and return a aruba scanner .
launch a new web browser tab with the mne documentation .
computes the friedman test for repeated measurements
show reconstructions of a given dbm model .
individual insert / commit pairs using the " bulk " api
extract the primary datasets from the supplied deployment instance .
contextmanager to pend logging warnings temporary .
return a list of the rooms the client is in .
return legendre coefficients for given x values in - 1 < = x < = 1 .
returns a string representation of motifs in a given format
same as isinstance except on python 2 . 2 , where it always returns false .
builds a consumer oauth request .
application which pauses 35 seconds before responding .
task used by task . replace when replacing task with group .
return list of sysv services .
return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion
install composer dependencies for a directory .
returns none if there are no numbers in the string .
process commandline arguments .
create a class decorator which applies a method decorator to each method of an interface .
delete a repo from .
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
create lstm / gru model for babi dataset .
copy a pair of big - endian doubles between files , truncating significands .
load themes messages into context .
helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings .
given a css rule , extract normalized font properties from it .
sort the schedules , based on order of happening from now all _ events = true : return an event for each active day all _ events = false : return only first occurring event of the week now : for testing : simulated localtime ( )
plot bem contours on anatomical slices .
ensure a registry key or value is present .
retrieves dependencies from database
kill the monitoring adapter
return a json representation of obj with sorted keys on any embedded dicts .
scans the sr specified by sr _ ref .
ensure the ec2 volume is detached and absent .
resizes an image by fitting it into the box without changing the aspect ratio .
only load if boto _ dynamodb is available .
patch acts as a function decorator , class decorator or a context manager .
get the repository constructor .
turns out running plain sql within django is very hard .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
deserialize s to a python object .
get reference to the vm with the name specified .
get all the backups inside the window .
return the appropriate location for a plugged - in vbd device
test whether the argument can be serialized as a number .
generic method for cleaning up multiprocessing procs
returns the number of unread messages for the specified user .
test mriheadwithfiducialsmodel traits model
add an xbps repository to the system .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
return resolver instance for the provided permission type .
generate an or - ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
site counting method from ina / yang and nielsen .
return a secure hash hex digest of data .
write a table object to an vo table file
parse the clearpart line
add frappe fonts to system
convert a 2d or 3d numpy array of any dtype into a 3d numpy array with dtype uint8 .
he uniform variance scaling initializer .
writes datachars to writer .
computes the mean squared error .
check if the given vlan exists
converts the given timestamp to a datetime instance .
sharedvariable constructor for sparsetype .
check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
return a list of the images that are on the provider
setup the enocean component .
cleans a ipv6 address string .
returns list of non child doctypes for given module .
verify the format string placeholders in the translation .
perform topological sort of the steps , return ordered or none
merge given host and role lists into one list of deduped hosts .
helper to get / set the default status for case records
print an error message to stderr and exit .
spawn a new cola session .
get current timezone
establish event listeners on object attributes which handle cascade - on - set / append .
set the number of days of inactivity after a password has expired before the account is locked .
re - builds an image resulting from a parallelized processing
identify sets of values to use in update statements for a list of states within a post _ update operation .
get path to local copy of megsim dataset url .
return the argument specification of functions in salt execution modules .
issue insert and / or update statements for a list of objects .
return the memory usage of the current process
clear sessions of all users
return usage information for volumes mounted on this minion
returns the full name of a person
ensure that the supplied filepath is open in a visible window , opening a new split if required .
compute minimum attenuation at stop frequency .
apply filtering to a query .
this function will run once the temporary logging has been configured .
get the gcode files in the directory the file is in if directory setting is true .
helper function verify a subnets route table association route _ table _ desc the description of a route table , as returned from boto _ vpc . describe _ route _ table subnet _ id the subnet id to verify . .
setup unifi device _ tracker .
travel from cord along vec and return how far it was to a point of matidx the distance is returned in number of iterations .
returns a list of ssds for the given host or list of host _ names .
if we have an object dtype , try to coerce dates and / or numbers
internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam
generates random hash for given text + current timestamp + random string .
converts a datetime object d into a unix timestamp .
documents a resource action
if the tests are running on the same db , we have to make sure that the ckan tables are recrated .
returns a 2d dictionary relating distances between field states .
a helper for defining integer options .
add new incoming comments to their respective comments trees
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function bei ( x ) .
elastic deformation of images as described in [ simard2003 ] _ .
get feature - index and time of maximum signal from 2d array .
populate table with n records .
get filename and ext from content - disposition
test plotting of ica properties .
return true if attribute name is protected , false otherwise .
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
helper function to convert a string representation back to a number .
send notification event .
return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
convert the result back into the input type .
this header is described nowhere
validates the length of an indexed string property .
match list of tracks in mb _ tracks by performing multiple searches .
get words from ids .
given a course id and thread id , pin this thread ajax only
stubbed out enrollment creation request .
return the splunk client , cached into _ _ context _ _ for performance
casts the second argument of a binary operator as an expression .
implements directory listing .
parse the command line for options .
define java _ binary target .
add a user in the group .
get the centers of the loop which go around in the given direction .
generate a cookie value .
check satisfiability of a propositional sentence .
mark the protocols and factories associated with l { getpage } and
render list of pages .
called when prefs dialog is running in standalone mode .
open a web page in a browser .
returns all formats strings required for i18n to work
generate a url at which a request for oauth request token is to be sent .
build optionparser and evaluate command line arguments .
initialize a home assistant server .
function to unescape literal string in xml to symbols source : URL
move entry from one list to another
fetch image from glance based on image type .
enable / disable and optionally force a specific version for an selinux module name
tries to infer a protocol from the file extension .
render the current users account settings page .
connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype : : class : boto . ec2containerservice . layer1 . ec2containerserviceconnection
synchronization settings controller
equivalent to executeorimportscript for python 2 . 7 runtime .
move file from * source * to * dest *
return the gaussian expanded pdf function given the list of 1st , 2nd moment and skew and fisher kurtosis .
remove a file if it exists
default datalist item renderer for cms posts on the
completes current prefix using cdpath
compute beta - smooth sensitivity .
run tests in a given file if it is run as a script
parses and verifies a cookie value
send the actual configuration of the builders , how the steps are agenced .
indicates whether this code is being run in devappserver2 .
run a shell command .
returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
system information type 7 section 9 . 1 . 41
plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch .
send an event to the salt master . .
construct a base class for declarative class definitions .
replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids .
return the data in the displayed datatable
create a filename for test data and join to path
checks a path to verify the ace specified exists
deletes a doc and validates if it is not submitted and not linked in a live record
returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle .
store the openid request information in the session .
indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using an immediate load with a per - attribute select statement .
given a glance . domain . image object , return a dictionary of relevant notification information .
check a datastore query with normalized filters , orders .
check if 32bit is supported .
return string listing valid build flavors
searches all cheatsheets for the specified term
compare the current back buffer of the given window with the file
stream edit page
get all privileges associated with the current process .
get the token at a given cursor
alteration a gcode linear move file .
load a module and retrieve a reference to that module .
opens a new database connection if there is none yet for the current application context .
remove volume type access for project .
return system uptime .
embed an image into the items media file .
returns a system containing the symbolic equations of motion and associated variables for a simple multi - degree of freedom point mass , spring , damper system with optional gravitational and external specified forces .
find the roots of a multivariate function using minpacks hybrd and hybrj routines .
computes the depth2space transformation for subpixel calculations .
de - duplicates a list of string by suffixing a counter
return a matrix whose column span is the same as x .
add the specified group
return the config file location to use
return a dictionary of ip information for an instance .
return an instance of a calendar based on its name .
return a bool indicating whether the error between z1 and z2 is < = tol .
creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function .
print list of available network interfaces
this method will build out a dictionary of parameters needed by cybersource to complete the transaction
turn one or more lines of cookie : header data into a dict mapping cookie names to cookie values .
update cached volume usage for a volume
this check ensures that the vhds in the staging area are sequenced properly from 0 to n - 1 with no gaps .
generate the de bruijn sequence up to maxlen characters for the charset charset and subsequences of length n .
returns a random k - out graph with uniform attachment .
get attribute of the object without triggering its _ _ getattr _ _ .
returns a randomly - generated string , of a random length .
convert a file system path to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
view method that returns the status of a course - related task or tasks .
simple command - line program for changing network virtual machines nic .
ensure that data is cleaned
assign all admin permissions to the owner
calculate standard deviation and confidence interval for prediction applies to wls and ols , not to general gls , that is independently but not identically distributed observations
get the points from every point on a loop and between points .
install a bower package .
git for windows requires unix paths , so force them here
transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
verify that the image exists
returns the handler for the given project _ type
fetches information of a certain security group
plot samples histograms and values
the default launcher just logs its arguments
returns a function which returns a sorted node for line graphs .
create a boto3 client connection to efs
get credentials object for use with google cloud client .
run the admin test suite .
shortcuts for generating request headers .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
run the wx event loop , polling for stdin .
update the schema for the given model in the given restapiid
attempt to initialize the django evolution schema signatures .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
replace action buttons
remove the named group
display the repository dialog and start the main loop .
decide whether a command that updates metadata should also write tags , using the importer configuration as the default .
download image from the glance image server .
test if the given path is a text - like file .
yield pair for each operation in code object code
wrapper around expand that only uses the power _ exp hint .
return data to be used in certificate footer , data returned should be customized according to the site configuration .
descend into a nested data structure , forcing any lazy translation strings or strings into errordetail .
pretty print a table
get a form object to post a new comment .
get the carving for the xml file .
download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
whenever a function is called through ctypes , the return value is passed to this function to be checked for errors .
because this module is not specific to any cloud providers , there will be no nodes to list .
find a zero using the newton - raphson or secant method .
returns dictionary with translation messages
returns approximate database size in mb
ajax - only endpoint retrieving the threads followed by a specific user .
divide * val * by the constant * factor * .
return a clipped version of obj suitable for printing , this is useful when generating log messages by printing data structures , but dont want the message to be too long .
save data into text file as python data structure .
partially fit a single binary estimator .
insert item x in list a , and keep it sorted assuming a is sorted .
required items in opts are keys id _ _ role sock _ dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . prep ( ) to ensure lanestack is setup
put together all of the information necessary to request an instance through novaclient and then fire off the request the instance .
parse arguments and update global settings .
get public ip block details
create ec2 - compatible credentials for user per tenant
gets any number of latest posts and stores them in a varable .
matthews correlation metric .
emulate emacs transpose - char behavior : at the beginning of the buffer , do nothing .
get the list of registered i / o formats as a table .
generator function that searches the given tokens with the given part of speech tag , that have dependencies with the given labels .
add only scsgate scenario switches .
returns a function suitable for streaming input , or a file object .
create a bunch of sequences of various lengths , all built from a fixed set of patterns .
dump value as a tnetstring , to a deque instance , last chunks first .
insert the header in the representation .
handle the command line .
similar to smart _ text , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
return the full request uri , optionally including the query string
show checks failing in a project .
get vertices on each hemisphere that are close to the other hemisphere .
retrieves the best guess that can be made for an absolute location up to the path , for example : URL
returns a user - agent token for the host system platform .
return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given
prompt to user to choose all , none , or some of the given objects .
generates data for binary classification used in
creates a query parser .
command name auto - correct .
evacuate server from failed host .
convert path to a list of delayed values
create a : class : . container instance for a prompt .
given an integer x and a nonnegative integer shift , return closest integer to x / 2 * * shift ; use round - to - even in case of a tie .
create a backup for a collection .
notify systemd that this process has started
given a set of clauses , find a minimal unsatisfiable subset
parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
given an instance query , return a dict of all instance data
i have not sent any emails
return status of a port
return a hostname which conforms to rfc - 952 and rfc - 1123 specs .
simulates a front page search . .
convenience function to check current settings against defaults .
given an iterable of arguments and an iterable of nargs specifications , it returns a tuple with all the unpacked arguments at the first index and all remaining arguments as the second .
convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
passing a delimiter other than space or comma gives an exception
list all the distributed virtual portgroups for this vmware environment
subscribe all engine plugins and start the engine .
return a directory to store cached wheels in for link .
define the main situation map
get an item or attribute of an object but prefer the attribute .
download multiple items .
ask the user for a file to save .
for a given model , return appname . modelname .
asserts specified output contains the substring specified by the argument text .
given a course _ id , returns a queryset of all the active students in the course .
volunteer cluster types controller
return ndarray x as same array subclass and shape as x0
landing page for partners .
restart the named service
flattens an upper triangular matrix , returning a vector of the non - zero elements .
only return if python - etcd is installed
learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
get event manager from media descriptor object .
compute b ( z ) and a ( z ) from partial fraction expansion .
turns any callable into a lazy evaluated callable .
read the file and return a configparser object .
search for recordings with an : musicbrainz : isrc .
helper to produce a review result
create a new floating ip . .
parse a text using a template and map it to another template
returns all the words in a repo entry .
fft the channel , log transform output , find local maxima , then return locally sensitive hashes .
read a value for name from the registry key .
find a root of a function , in a way suitable for large - scale problems .
subroutine to create a frame with scrollbars .
main script runner
handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards .
iterates over a dict or multidict yielding all keys and values .
see if one rule component matches
renders the token approval page .
run a daemon serving git requests over http .
computes and returns an approximate fixed point of the function t .
helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course _ id
attempt to import a class from a string representation .
cross - platform filename extraction from path .
ensure that a tenant does not exist
n - dimensionally spatial average pooling function .
execute command in a subshell , return stdout , stderr
compress and upload a given local path .
load translation dict from given path
loads the parameters for the caffe reference model .
decorator to mark a function or method as * not * a test
creates a second - level pipeline to merge the connectome file format outputs from the group - level
adds the header hdr : value with the response .
use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical , long path given a short filename .
determine which eigenvalues are " small " given the spectrum .
gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument .
converts plain text into html with links .
desaturate a color by decreasing its saturation by percent
return a db cursor for reading .
setup the verisure switch platform .
open and prompt for download of youtube video url .
return list of readily encoded 3 - tuples which can be directly passed to c module _ ldap
fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant
combine the document hierarchy nav links
refer to create _ gantt ( ) for docstring
data is the string from the template
generates a header map based on | filelist | .
displays ascii art of the highest caliber .
deletes the given security group from opennebula .
save the load to the specified jid
example action using the internationalization operator t and flash rendered by views / default / index . html or views / generic . html if you need a simple wiki simply replace the two lines below with : return auth . wiki ( )
get equated geometryoutput .
output single table definition
warn if dependencies arent met .
find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
restore a soft - deleted server .
generate a stream of tuples for seeding .
deletes an integration response for a given method in a given api
should be able to work with tuples and lists and still import stuff .
marks group types as deleted .
insert a pair of points around the grid point is is junction wide , otherwise inset one point .
only load if grafana4 module is available
convert datetime to milliseconds since epoch utc .
build a cinderblockdeviceapi using configuration and credentials in config .
restful crud controller
extirpolate the values onto an integer grid range ( n ) , using lagrange polynomial weights on the m nearest points .
this make sure that the image push correctly finished .
returns the rolling average from the past 30 days of the time taken for a pending app to become public .
compatibility wrapper for unsetting environment variables
a small decorator factory for osfstoragefilenode .
returns a list containing the matches for a given package name from the portage tree .
generate rsync options
return a md5 hashdigest for a file .
collect metadata about the file tree of a given addon
take a list of : class : . attrs instances and merge them into one .
internal helper function for finding notbefore / notafter .
helper function to download any missing lfw data
create astroid for a living class object
user has requested course creator access .
check whether the user is embargoed based on the country code in the users profile .
request mingle sync - data .
returns 3 things for a vector : the total on time the number of runs a list of the durations of each run .
add a path to the graph g .
decide whether a request should be given cors access .
replaces tags with : :
generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use _ tz .
return a version of var transferred to target .
accepts the same arguments as the range builtin and creates a list containing the result of range .
resolve a full model path into the appropriate import and carry out the import .
creates a read - only header property .
return a " deprecated " class that causes its subclasses to issue a warning .
a context manager for temporarily reversing a directed graph in place .
return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker using the given engine .
convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical .
this function converts segment endpoints and respective segment labels to fix - sized class labels .
a function to connect to a bigip device and list all pools or a specific pool .
helper functions for scrolled canvas , used to forward
this is the algorithm to pick which promo to show .
generate empty back - reference example files
adds the " x - object - type " and " x - object - id " headers to the given
command : read varlist
test making a m / eeg field map onto helmet & head
make mock version instance from api return
takes a single json play entry and converts it to an ordereddict of player statistics .
generate a utc datetime . datetime object from a string of the form yyyy - mm - dd hh : mm .
returns minion configurations dict .
dispatches the comment action according to the http verb .
the address of the first office
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure or from locations inferred from the staticfiles finders .
ensure the route53 hostes zone described is absent name
check the length of specified string
plot the power spectral density across channels .
list all users
read the bem solution from a file .
set up xlog utility functions and change directories .
lean projection version of expression
sets a cookie .
parses an escape sequence .
update a tenants information
return predicted number of pageviews for sponsored headlines .
displays text with line numbers .
a view that redirects all requests to the get view
get subitems of media descriptor object .
returns the default values of a community .
get a * * delete * * message .
the unification succeeds iff other _ object not in nv . not _ options .
format lines nicely to 80 chars .
returns a list of hit terms via google trends
run a simple echo pb server to test the checker .
return an on / off string for a 1 / 0 input .
find the handler corresponding to this fieldset
generic typeof ( ) implementation .
gather information about the system memory
sphinx extension setup function .
make output and jobs sub directories .
convert digest to a list of four 32 - bits words
handles file uploaded by hdfsfileuploadhandler .
safely converts anything returned by lxml services to unicode
we assume the second level ancestor is the course wiki root .
returns true if the given follower is allowed to view the viewpoints content : 1 .
return the search paths for the category / widgetdescription .
get scheduler events from hooks and integrations
constant - time string comparison .
return an html string with all help texts of all configured validators in an .
decorator to revert task _ state on failure .
validate the shape of a possibly time - varying matrix , or raise an exception
ensure the container agent is enabled / disabled as specified .
return a rule list available for the tenant .
queries the specified network device for the state of protocol offload and other features
atrous 2d convolution .
returns a nogotofail . mitm . connection . handlers class to use for establishing a ssl connection on connection .
makes parentheses optional in some cases for function calls .
list all buckets owned by the authenticated sender of the request .
the detect _ encoding ( ) function is used to detect the encoding that should be used to decode a python source file .
destroy the cluster or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
detects if chmod works in a given directory
return information about the physical volume ( s ) pvname physical device name real dereference any symlinks and report the real device . .
create dmg containing the rootdir .
recursively look up the original np . memmap instance base if any .
grab a lock on job : analyze _ logs and call runonce .
get the hardware architecture of the machine .
checks whether user can edit given project .
validate the beacon configuration
execute a test suite .
clean an html snippet into a readable string
return disk format size data
compares given paths and returns best path .
serialize a query that invokes the map operation using a builtin function return the result of the post operation along with expected result
use the ordered dict to implement a simple ordered set return each level of each category [ [ key _ 1 _ level _ 1 , key _ 2 _ level _ 1 ] , [ key _ 1 _ level _ 2 , key _ 2 _ level _ 2 ] ]
returns a list of files changed for this pull request / push .
load an image extension from a fits file and return a numpy array
parse a blobinfo record from file upload field _ storage .
generate a random nucleotide sequence .
get the ids of the group and partition to which this cohort has been linked as a tuple of .
get the exit code of the server , or none if it is still running .
returns a basic auth string .
returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
internal convenience function to ensure arguments are mutablemappings
return string to log / print explaining the given error .
calculate all pairwise threshold distance indicators for a time series
test interpolation of meg field onto helmet | head
return an random graph based on the specified kernel .
returns the circuit with symbolic indices and the dictionary mapping symbolic indices to real indices .
initalizes the recurrence relation with an initial hidden state if needed , else replaces with a " none " to tell theano that the network * * will * * return something , but it does not need to send it to the next step of the recurrence
declares that all flags key to a module are key to the current module .
return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for .
create a network interface
the display brightness is influenced by various parameters like absolute maximum backlight led current , relative backlight led brightness , vcom default level and the gamma curve .
performs a 1 - way anova .
render the vulndb / data contents to html
recovers waveform from quantized values .
moves subscription from old _ node to new _ node
helper to output each access key only once .
module function to convert a plaintext password to the encoded form or vice versa .
calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
true if the given sorting conforms to the given partial ordering .
return a iterator of selectors over all nodes of a xml document , given the name of the node to iterate .
for elemwise composite that have multiple outputs , remove the outputs that are not used .
delete an amazon nat gateway .
remove an xbps repository from the system .
run pre - hook if its defined and hasnt been run .
create a single vm from a data dict
get key name for a _ _ blobfileindex _ _ entity .
removes the given headers from the response using the header _ control middleware .
filter out insignificant tuples from a chunk of text .
a private function used to issue the command to tomcat via the manager webapp cmd the command to execute url the url of the server manager webapp example : URL opts a dict of arguments timeout timeout for http request return value is a dict in the from of : : res : [ true | false ] msg : list of lines we got back from the manager
given an os signal number , returns a signal name .
convert a string version of a function name to the callable object .
wrap running python script in a subprocess .
returns the vanilla raw property value .
check if fsl _ course data is present
parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
cooperatively iterate over the given iterator , dividing runtime between it and all other iterators which have been passed to this function and not yet exhausted .
sets a property value .
returns a set of all variables in the ast that will be looked up from the context at runtime .
guess content type by url .
converts the properties returned by datastore _ index . compositeindexforquery into a recommended list of index properties and directions .
manage network interface static routes .
decorator for wamp procedure endpoints .
render a form
asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
convert protobuf likelihood integer value to likelihood enum .
add the value to the lists .
function to create device in server density .
get the shape of nested list
process for saving a graph
return the exit code of the command specified by the passed positional arguments , optionally configured by the passed keyword arguments .
restful crud controller
unmap a subset of item back to the original set of items
only load the module if lvm is installed
look for dot11 packets that arent to or from broadcast address , are type 1 or 2 , and append the addr1 and addr2 to the list of deauth targets .
coerce a field _ name to a string .
parses time from iso format
dot product of channel mapping matrix to channel data .
returns true if the given user has access _ level access to the course with the given course _ key .
add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array .
splits a line of text into tokens .
solve l21 inverse problem with block coordinate descent .
linear filtering via convolution .
issues a redirect based on the arguments .
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between then and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g " 10 minutes "
reads eye video and detects the pupil .
fix types to match the standard format in the final docs , removes std : : and adds a leading and trailing space between triangular brackets
format value based on given fieldtype , document reference , currency reference .
return a tuple containing the comparison operator and the version .
helper function to make cross - platform safe paths
fail if any of the expected _ paths are not existing relative paths of parent _ path .
provides the minion with the name of its master .
concatenate the arguments into a space - separated shell command .
indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive , so that those parameters can later be treated in a special way , for example by hiding them when logging unhandled exceptions .
return output of executing cmd in a shell .
guess architecture for file path
traverse the dependency graph starting from resolved nodes
vgcs uplink grant section 9 . 1 . 49
show the details of an image
equate the points .
using the renderer renderer _ name , render the value present in value .
print progress string .
helper method to get header values from a requests get / post dict , if present .
push a delimiter onto the current block stack .
restful crud controller for twitter search results .
return only the entries published .
dispatch to the appropriate method .
enumerate a set of anchors for each aspect ratio wrt an anchor .
given 2 city instances , deduplicate dup _ city and its references to city .
decode the unicode of the message , and encode it into utf - 8 .
returns the intersection array of a distance - regular graph .
convert a models verbose name to the model class .
resource headers for component views
unzip the file
destructively rename columns of dd . dataframe or name of dd . series .
ensure all layers , maps and documents are publicly viewable
tmsi reallocation complete section 9 . 2 . 18
returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph .
lists commit objects in reverse chronological order .
return true if path is within sys . prefix , if were running in a virtualenv .
returns the added , changed , and deleted items in dict1 compared with dict2 .
collects a comma - separated set of hosts and optionally randomize the returned list .
process the xml element by derivation .
tests that the in - db directories are marked as obsolete if the on - disk directories are empty .
consume webhooks from multiple versions of bitbuckets api
numpy implementation of a pseudo - inverse of the softmax function .
dispatch an ajax action to an xblock
add some jitter to an activity metric to maintain privacy .
get a user from the database by id .
lift the carving of a gcode file .
only load if the whoosh libs are available
validate that value is a positive integer or 0 .
converts a long to the associated byte string representation of length l .
sort candidates by distance .
ensure a behave resource exists as attribute in the behave context .
after this function is called , any application that imports mysqldb or _ mysql will unwittingly actually use
this implements test time probability weighted pooling defined in :
return true if ovs - vsctl indicates the result is still pending .
to destroy a vm from the vmware environment
class decorator for subclasses of unittest . testcase .
return predefined results based on execute _ table4 .
create course in store w / handling instructor enrollment , permissions , and defaulting the wiki slug .
we create a custom useragent and send a get request to a web server .
associate the given security group with the given instance .
when a user is adding an email or merging an account , add the email to the user and log them out .
setup holiday list for the current year
unpack an archive .
move the mean of the data matrix into the origin .
returns a functions that with a list of instances , finds the first instance that returns a value for the given method .
reindex all documents from one index that satisfy a given query to another , potentially on a different cluster .
filters all callable items inside the given iterator that raise the given exceptions .
read a single fif file .
decompress blob of compressed data .
given a courses start datetime and look ahead days , returns true if courses start date falls within look ahead days otherwise false
determine if the inset point is inside the loops .
return true if the given expression is finite .
convert categorical variable into dummy / indicator variables .
wrapper to generate sum on boolean values
returns a biopython multiple alignment instance
returns the rendered common footer
copy a docstring from another source function
ensure the label folder doesnt exist on the kube node .
the metadata needed by this class is the same for all regions sharing the same country calling code .
disable the named service to start at boot
example of a propositional model .
flatten a 1x1 matrix to a scalar , return larger matrices unchanged .
read through titles . txt and return title names and redirect information .
returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements .
get reference to the vm with the name specified .
if args is a list of 3 integer tokens or 3 percentage tokens , return rgb values as a tuple of 3 floats in 0 . . 1 .
ensure data are preloaded .
converts a tuple to a list of networks .
copies the file from the local device to the junos device .
compute the lomb - scargle model fit at a given frequency
render an icon
returns a default spacing between consecutive ticks for annual data .
remove the given path from the web servers file system .
make a pipelineloader that emits random arrays seeded with seed for the columns in testingdataset .
a wrapper around strftime .
create and return manifest instance from dom tree
apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
this primarily exists to make unit testing easier .
write a given metric to a given file
a quick helper method to create a sunspec client .
returns data retrieved from a url .
called prior to building the site , after loading configuration and plugins .
create the query document to find timestamps within that range .
return an uninterpolated path relative to $ pybasedir .
return a random integer k such that 1 < = k < order , uniformly distributed across that range .
return the penalty for breaking the line before the current token .
take a url and give it the locale prefix .
callback to parse json and append it to a list .
returns a function which can resolve an option to an object .
enable profile collection in the current context .
build the mkdocs documentation
upsample and then smooth image .
convert a list of sequences of pattern indices , and a pattern lookup table into a an array of patterns
compute the trimmed maximum
run pkg upgrade , if pkgin used .
a view that tests a simple form
parse all files and folders in plugin _ dir and try to import them as modules : files are imported if their extension is . py or . so or . dylib folder are imported if they contain an _ _ init _ _ . py file once a module is sucessfully imported any classes that are subclasses of plugin are added to the runtime plugins list any exceptions that are raised during parsing , import filtering and addition are silently ignored .
return y minus best fit line ; linear detrending
gets the manufacturer for the given profile .
return the partion of seq as specified by the partition vector .
parse input arguments .
only load if the redis module is in _ _ salt _ _
return a random string
an iterator that yields the next character from " pattern _ iter " , respecting escape sequences .
accepts file uploads
clears the screen
create a postresql sequence .
handle command - line options with optparse . optionparser .
helper function that returns a service manager object from a given host object .
generate and return the following encoder related substitution variables : encoderspecsstr :
sets the number of instances on the server and version .
add a tool plugin menu .
q matrix for codon substitution .
main root page .
gradient of function , or jacobian if function f returns 1d array
makes sure that python - gnupg and gpg are available .
signals to nose that this function is or is not a test .
get the name of the node
returns a localised unicode representation of number
ensure an apache site is enabled .
adjust subplot parameters to give specified padding .
read maxfilter processing record from file .
returns folder size in mb if it exists
hyperbolic cosine of a series
method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail .
group the given integer indices into slices
create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt .
return the datacenter from the config provider datacenter id
prints help screen
get activity objects from all modules as a list in latest - first order .
return a guess for whether wsgi . url _ scheme should be http or https
each character in the input stream must be checked against a mapping table .
returns the current raft leader
for sending email to ads
computes the hmac hash of the user secret , and time .
yield quality scores
yields blocks of rows from a cursor .
parses a cost comparator .
bind the domain represented by app _ name to the locale directory locale _ dir .
reverts project state to the last deploy .
mount a remote export to mount _ path .
check whether the branding api is enabled .
removes process / group from active config user user to run supervisorctl as conf _ file path to supervisord config file bin _ env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed
test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
launches a switch
this function computes the statistics used to train an hmm joint segmentation - classification model using a sequence of sequential features and respective labels
flatten nested iterable of .
displays the headers and data list together
return a list of strings representing a gif header
a caching decorator based on parameter objects
if the given setting is a string import notation , then perform the necessary import or imports .
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
perform the full upgrade cycle - need to prefix with demo , test or prod
this is intended to be a drop - in replacement for np . argsort which handles nans .
take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb .
compute the qr factorization of a matrix .
ensure changes to file f are physically on disk .
create or update instance type extra specs .
reads contents of a passed path , by appropriately decoding the data .
parse given jid string into its respective parts and apply stringprep .
this method is invoked by multiprocessing when the tribler core is started and will start a tribler session .
helper to construct the actions for a saved filter .
save data as a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python
compute current - flow betweenness centrality for nodes .
attriute declaration to preserve mutability on l { urlpath } .
clears the user history .
print a query , with values filled in for debugging purposes * only * for security , you should always separate queries from their values please also note that this function is quite slow
find module module _ name on sys . path
returns the trace _ component compatible dict representation of an actionexecution .
does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
return overlaps between an encoding and other , unrelated encodings
return the formatting and value _ type values to use with gmond
create all tables for the given model .
print databases current migration level .
registers a setting that can be edited via the admin .
given a path - - which may be a file or a directory - - load manifest fields from it .
get the sheet thickness .
like : func : escape but converts none into an empty markup string .
equivalence test based on normal distribution
convert a matplotlib date to a julian date .
if the layer has not change _ layer _ style permission , return a status of 401
clear the registry , start over .
returns an ordered dict of schedule data from the schedule . json file , where games are ordered by the date and time that they started .
remove a filter on a given field for a report
bitcast a float into a 32 - bit integer .
use the given test to assert that the given transport is i { not } actively reading in the given reactor .
configure the port https should listen on
make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
adapted from URL
get the load average for a unix - like system .
display ret data
try importing codecs and encodings to include unicode support in created binary .
return a generator of full paths to the given command .
get diagnostic info about background workers
train a gradient boosting classifier
store information in a file .
implementation of the flocker - dataset - agent command line script .
imports an object based on a string .
reconstruct the full " updates " dictionary , mapping from functiongraph input variables to the fgraph outputs that will replace their values .
add a package to a dict of installed packages .
matrix view of all strings
get the list of identifiers in a particular party , optionally waiting for the specified minimum number of nodes to appear path
return the multiline comment at lineno split into a list of comment line numbers and the accompanying comment line
generate an authorization resource .
parses given filename ( s ) or string or url and prints the parsed style sheet to stdout .
return a conn object for accessing memcached
implements hadoop fs - rm .
add faces from melded loops .
wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function , restoring normal keyboard / screen behavior on error .
only return if python - etcd is installed
decrypts and decodes data using key
expresses to what extent the local structure is retained .
list vms on this azure account , with full information
return the load from a specified jid
replicate the nix " touch " command to create a new empty file or update the atime and mtime of an existing file .
return the value ( s ) from the given data _ dict for the given key ( s ) .
compute the trimmed mean .
read a number of pages and split it on 0 - bytes .
allows standard notation for factorial .
run process tests
creates new ami module : ansiblemodule object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object
return volumes that were active during window .
resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
force - reload the named service
perform the body of a with statement with reference counting for the given type - - raises an assertion error if there are more unfreed objects of the given type than when we entered the with statement .
let this thing fly
takes a value that is either a python date , datetime , or a string representation of a date / datetime value .
build glorified aliases to raw rpc methods
replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line (
takes the response data as well as any additional headers and returns a tuple of tuples of headers suitable for passing to start _ response ( )
return the hmac value of the current user authenticated with the hmac secret .
set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
parse a blobinfo record from file upload field _ storage .
efficiently resizes a list of qgraphicsitems .
returns all snippet files matching ft in the given runtime path directory .
raise : exc : assertionerror if func does not raise * exc * , and check if the message contains * msg * .
decorator for benchmarks that do not change the xml tree
loads data out of the x9 . 63 vector data
remove timezone info and replace t delimeter with .
list available targets for the given module .
this function allows you to map subclasses of l { classalias } to classes listed in c { args } .
resets the counter used to generate unique savepoint ids in this thread .
compound statements are generally discouraged .
synchronize cci operations per cci instance .
decorator for parameterized dtype test .
get method object from cmd
loads the django template from the given path .
extract id from fasta label line
draw a rounded rectangle
compute an wamp - cra authentication signature from an authentication challenge and a key .
catch a post request from bitbucket and start a build process
returns a list of annotated challenges to test on plugin
checks if working directories are ready .
return the intersection of the infinite line trough points p0 and p1 and infinite line trough points p2 and p3 .
read bti pdf assocfile .
upside / downside gap three methods
grab total rows after a : class : ~ google . cloud . iterator . page started .
convert expression to latex mathjax format
returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given
expected simple _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
return users information from osquery
enter todays date as the release date in the changelog .
decorator replaces custom skip test markup in doctests
expanding count of number of non - nan observations .
instantiate an identity matrix and returns it .
return a list of team topics sorted alphabetically .
makes an aware datetime . datetime naive in a given time zone .
unregister a previously registered callback .
for a given wcs , return the coordinate frame that matches the celestial component of the wcs .
retrieves the master status from the minion .
only let staff browse the files
create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable .
extract a named section from the configuration file
test reading a table with missing data
if programs is enabled and a learner is awarded a course certificate , schedule a celery task to process any programs certificates for which the learner may now be eligible .
helper function for searching multiplicative separable solutions .
template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered .
wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
add a rich rule to a zone . .
formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table
a numerically stable expression for t . log ( t . exp ( a ) . sum )
builds spec for the creation of a new / attaching of an already existing
numpy < 1 . 8 . 0 on python 2 does not support unicode fill values , since it assumes that all of the string dtypes are s and v .
helper for translate _ exception .
scale a source space for an mri created with scale _ mri ( ) .
return package version as listed in _ _ version _ _ in init . py .
function used to render rekall str objects .
returns true / false if the required version of the azure sdk is installed .
take a list of guesses and merge those which have the same properties , increasing or decreasing the confidence depending on whether their values are similar .
function to save the list of answers for a completed series
detach specified devices from vm .
this function is used to check if the given infinitesimals are the actual infinitesimals of the given first order differential equation .
put any object in kubernetes based on url
find the best match for a given mime - type against a list of media _ ranges that have already been parsed by parse _ media _ range ( ) .
the payloads that can be run using this shell object .
return string appropriate for the platform .
return a list of disabled services .
normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis .
update one or more items for this account .
inverse label binarization transformation using thresholding .
testing the colorful output of many successful features
get ip address of client .
show section - wise summary of questions of a template
set assignment type for cohort .
git push handler
download all user playlists .
finds matching friends to a query .
joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently .
returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree
this is a utility function for the webclient to communicate its current browser session hash .
encoder using base64 .
import a user from ldap .
return whether imagemagick / convert is available in the path .
fatemans gcd benchmark : sparse inputs
create an instance profile .
calculate log p for each class .
gives equations relating the qdots to us for a rotation type .
return a list of installed distribution objects .
convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object .
reads chracters from the console buffer .
robert penner easing function examples at : URL t = current time in frames or whatever unit b = beginning / start value c = change in value d = duration
numerical gradient checking of layer bprop .
return an utf8 - encoded version of s .
create alias and enforce collection list .
instantiate a new glanceclient . client object
generate project based on values in * d * .
a very weird interface class to this module .
returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised
get value of a key from a section in an ini file .
post some text to a gist , and return the url .
find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
traverses ordered dictionary , calls _ traverse _ results ( ) to recursively read into the dictionary depth of data
produce a string of length random bytes , chosen from chrs .
get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache
execute a packaged state run , the packaged state run will exist in a tarball available locally .
try to get a connection with a very specific set of values , if we get these then well run the tests , otherwise they are skipped
return the thesaurus graph from the roget . dat example in the stanford graph base .
dehydrate an object of content ratings from rating ids to dict .
build a url from the label , a base , and an end .
if current method is put or post , validate form and return validation status .
convert a list of number / string to hexified string
skips this test unless you are on python 2 . 7 . 9 or later .
remove the provided virtualenv .
create a network security _ group
helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary , bypassing possible _ _ getattr _ _ calls
download and install rpc - server for mobsf .
on some linux version , write - only pipe are detected as readable .
given something that closely resembles a dictionary , we attempt to coerce it into a propery dictionary .
compute shortest paths in the graph .
validates if the action given is a valid one - currently only start and restart are supported
creates a bridge
dumps the root dse
create a single instance from a data dict .
return the image object to use
checks whether user can change dictionary for given project .
changes a users password .
returns false if n is an euler pseudo - prime with base x , and
initialize new tty log
make sure the user can specify which back - end parser to use and that an error is raised if the parser is invalid .
deletes multiple keys in memcache .
returns subproject matching parameters .
only load if pcs package is installed
zeros of the spherical bessel function of the first kind .
return full path to service rc script . .
sends a features request to the given dpid
reads a setup file and returns extension instances .
returns a deepcopy of a function .
check if a variable is defined inside the same class or outside .
apply an autoregressive filter to a series x
sets the logging verbosity to debug which displays much more information , including logging each byte sent by tubes .
compile the java sources and generate a jar containing the classes and resources .
bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
packs retriable exceptions into a retryrequest .
add gaussian noise to certain variable of a computation graph .
gets a zero filled histogram for each question topic .
used to check if a feature _ name is in the specified features _ dir
tries to do a xml - comparison of want and got .
the shekel multimodal function can have any number of maxima .
collect all the adjustments that occur in a dataset that has a sid column .
same type as str , but indicates string represents a filepath .
return the number of roots of f in [ inf , sup ] interval .
invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
documents the shared examples
import a csr file , which can be either pem or der .
calculate an exponential backoff delay with jitter .
create 3 - layer bem model from prepared flash mri images .
returns true if a release has previously failed .
return a list of directories used to link against pyzmqs bundled libzmq .
check the virtual service exists .
render provided template with a default system context and user context for the provided user .
converts the type of lookups specified in a foreignkey limit _ choices _ to attribute to a dictionary of query parameters
allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula .
check if f ( x ) , when expressed using g functions on the positive reals , will in fact agree with the g functions almost everywhere
returns the conjugate of a matrix row - wise .
finalize state on states that have been inserted or updated , including calling after _ insert / after _ update events .
constructs a time - based temporary lun name .
try to convert value to a float .
find instances of the " representation attributes " for specifying data for this frame .
only load if boto _ kinesis is available .
returns the executor modules
for performance reasons , we dont want to redraw the figure after each draw command .
get an autodoc . documenter class suitable for documenting the given object .
returns the device build fingerprint .
reorder the title
find code via the code search api .
a decorator that facilitates preprocessing per method .
convert any valid connectivity to a structuring element and offset .
calculate derived constant values .
each labeled point should be a pair
get vtk version
returns path of the given module
inverse operation of urllib . urlencode .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
returns a moving average window function .
preprocess a file using cpp .
get the repository constructor .
adds all losses for the model .
return the clashing - symbols dictionaries .
returns the prefix to api endpoints , according to the url _ prefix and
split a time from start to end in periods of a number of seconds .
gets the current cursor position as an tuple .
unpack the external modules .
used for outputting package extras
normalize dtrace output for comparison .
runs the hive from the command line , passing in the given args , and returning stdout .
get crl file for project .
returns a list of cliques containing the given node .
transcode a text string
get the cubic path by begin and end .
create a derivative operator , to be passed to operator . apply .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
get configured tags .
decorator to call a function in a thread and return a deferred with the result
validate master command line option .
test whether or not an expression is in conjunctive normal form .
replace html metacharacters with & - constructs
delete an entry from the cachedir index .
check if the two sequence records belong to the same fragment .
restful crud controller
converts camel - case style names into underscore seperated words .
register keystoneclient middleware options
find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
enables building decorators around functions used for hug routes without chaninging their function signature
get equated paths .
generate a path to store a file attachment .
restful crud controller
checks the use of check and expect macros .
loads a boolean expression from a string .
returns the content as a unicode string from the given document .
if wallet _ type is mofn multi - sig , return [ m , n ] , otherwise return none .
compute features for an image
get the permission types that can be configured for communities .
add the specified group
make _ collectstatic ( ) - > true / false
check if the symlink ownership matches the specified user and group
compute the len moving average of * x * .
return the bytestring result of transcoding the file at * filepath * to mp3 .
recursively remove the directory path given
checks a list for none elements .
sets user / space / email limit for a site
the opposite companion to month _ to _ index .
returns whether there is some sample data installed
some atoms are versioned .
handle get bucket request .
wraps an application and applies a chain of rewriters to its response .
retrieve the status for credit courses .
only work on mac os
a hypothesis strategy to generate an application
create and return a temporary file .
return a tile key string .
fail test immediately with the given message .
match data to pattern , with variable extraction .
get equated geometryoutput .
einfo returns a summary of the entez databases as a results handle .
returns a form field for a db . floatproperty .
get number of jobs for the computation .
get memcache connection pool from the environment ( which had been previously set by the memcache middleware
write file to disk with a random name
produce a unique hash on supplied packages .
sets up msvs project generation .
formats the file size into a human readable format .
determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter
retrieve a listing of namespaces
return a monotonically increasing integer .
test without data - > no replacements
this highlights a numpy bug .
parse a makefile - style file .
follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available , like tail - f .
converts scope value to a string .
prune the clustering instance cluster .
build descriptor for message class .
get loops from a carve of a correct mesh .
unicode ( e ) with various fallbacks .
return pylint version
fragment a big ip datagram
applies exact match filtering to a query .
requires proper workflow structure .
leave a room .
compute bounding - box regression targets for an image .
demonstrate stochastic gradient descent optimization of a log - linear model
delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches .
method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available .
compare the contents of the tarball against git ls - files
returns all lambda function versions .
interpolates p based on the values in the a table for the scalar value of r and the scalar value of v
returns a rational interpolation , where the data points are element of any integral domain .
add a vod , with one input .
return a small undirected graph described by graph _ description .
write a fiff _ block _ end tag .
test whether or not an expression is of the required form .
clone the gh - pages repo if we havent already .
get the encoding to use for * outputting * strings to the console .
remove a github team .
synchronizes the specified overlay repository .
create the network instance .
convert to args representation
construct a queued batch of images and labels .
return true for strings starting with single _ if show _ all is true .
given a mod path , return the corresponding file this function is used internally , see file _ from _ modpaths documentation for more information
parses positional and keyword arguments .
check if an attribute has been monkey - patched
converts the type of lookups specified in a foreignkey limit _ choices _ to attribute to a dictionary of query parameters
convert an ec2 id to an instance id .
queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones , and if those milestones can be fulfilled via completion of a particular course content module
given a filename , return .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
replaces each frame at time t by the mean of nframes equally spaced frames taken in the interval [ t - d , t + d ] .
returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk _ value , or none if no such instance exists .
returns the " mini " manifest for packaged apps .
helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch .
get token by number .
return the python executable in use
creates a cache key with key - value pairs from a dict .
revokes an approval for a given token .
run a command in a specific container
add actions accumulated into an actions _ dict , merging as needed .
changes the coalescing settings of the specified network device
get fast dot .
if autoflush conditions have been met , performs a flush api call .
creates a 680x100 thumbnail used for the persona preview and a 32x32 thumbnail used for search suggestions / detail pages .
restful crud controller for audit logs - used e . g . for site activity
generate edges in a maximum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
simple command - line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
drop root privileges down to the specified setuid _ user .
the equations of this type of ode are .
used internally by image _ create and image _ update
return the tag if it is allowed or the empty string otherwise
specifies that matching script is for on of app names .
adds media - related context variables to the context .
tests against all euler sequences .
return a dict of environment proxies .
set and retrieve value of the environ _ field entry in self . environ .
creates an unique sid for each session .
returns a guid for the specified target name .
this method will return a digitally signed set of cybersource parameters
copied from swift . common . db . containerbroker before the metadata column was added ; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
compute the score of the subtitle against the video with hearing _ impaired preference .
verifies that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user ; only the name is matched when removing a cron job .
convert an size in bytes into a human readable format .
data type check for automatic import
retrieve instance type by flavorid .
sets a cookie .
launches a dialog for creating a new branch
generate the url for cloning a repository that is in the tool shed .
docstring for install _ numpy
return the upper frame page ,
write the pid in the named pid file .
return the current date in the current time zone .
attach a json epic statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
swaps the two axes .
return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri .
rate - limits a view .
index several sequence files and return a dictionary like object .
copies a queryoptions object to a searchparams proto buff .
docstring for main
just prevent unused warnings
provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their ip4 addresses
do the actual get .
extract the variable name from a full resource name .
ensure the correct path object is retrieved when projects are disabled or translation projects are obsolete .
get the value of an option for a certain task id
given a course id and thread id , remove abuse flag for this thread ajax only
returns a tuple 9onrows , oncolumns ) containing attributes .
construct a reply - to address that encodes the message id .
returns a list of 3 - tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface iface .
create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance , using established : func : . relationship ( ) configuration .
validate the configuration and return an snmp scanner .
attempts to open an entry as an archive ; returns true on success , false on failure .
cleanse an individual setting key / value of sensitive content .
uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name .
find the given devices parameter that belongs to the given name
generate a fat jar containing the contents of all the jar dependencies .
convert a set of pixel coordinates into a ~ astropy . coordinates . skycoord coordinate .
extract a row from our source spreadsheet
generate a uuid from the sha - 1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
helper to return the original , untokenized text for a given expression .
starts a swarm , given a path to a permutations . py script .
find a group id from a string containing a group name or id .
returns a list of domains for the particular user as a list of objects offset by page length of page _ size list _ type string possible values are all / expiring / expired
add a site into the site dict .
set the settings to the dialog then write them .
a csrf token that can be included in a form .
unpack single 7z set sevenset to extraction _ path
normalize a url , converting normalization failures to
this view generates kml for the given app label , model , and field name .
create a new component in a unit .
identify the id of this instance storage .
limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
try to turn a string into utf - 8 if possible .
given a cpu _ time ( ) ntuple calculates the busy cpu time .
get response for when transport = cli .
generates rst to place a thumbnail in a gallery
category edit page
convert spherical coordinates to cartesion coordinates .
a json _ formatter for webob exceptions .
return a tuple containing everything needed to perform a test .
list the renderers loaded on the minion . .
computes a transform on input data .
compute the largest positive integer p such that p * < = m _ max + 1 .
formats a template string but only with respect to the colors .
list cloud provider sizes for the given providers
stub for metadata decorator
return true iff _ item _ is a sequence .
get the duration of an item or album .
return base freq and stride info from string representation
dump database db into file - like object stream if stream is none return a file object with the dump
returns a tuple representing the width ( x ) and the height ( x ) in characters of the terminal window .
yields pairs for every resource in | resources | .
locate and validate the core python directories .
an implementation of sgd adapted with features of nesterovs
sort the targets .
generate a native rules file .
extracts the course _ context from the given url and passes it on to course _ context _ from _ course _ id ( ) .
run program provided by args .
alternative to imp . find _ module that can also search in subpackages .
return the number of nanoseconds since the epoch that are described by epoch _ str ; when epoch _ str cannot be parsed , throw a valueerror that may contain additional information .
turns a language name into a locale name .
return true if * obj * is not string like and is not iterable
determines the output format for a dataset based on an abstract description of the output , the parameter wrappers , a map of the input datasets , and the last input extensions in the tool form .
used to place a service into maintenance mode .
returns a list of all registered fieldset classes .
rebuild elasticsearch indexes
return an environment with a new cursor for the current database ; the cursor is committed and closed after the context block .
encode unicode _ data for use as xml or html , with characters outside of the encoding converted to xml numeric character references .
train a new conditionalexponentialclassifier , using the given training samples , using the improved iterative scaling algorithm .
remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured
set the value of a traffic server configuration variable .
generates the series of links to the pages in a paginated list .
load only if network _ win is loaded
returns a sized and cropped version of the image , cropped to the requested aspect ratio and size .
create an absolute url for the given path .
format a time in epoch notation to iso utc .
utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits .
display a summary from monit
adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry .
find the maximal element ( s ) of a partially ordered sequence
print the attributeskey .
applies a text - to - html conversion function to a piece of text and returns the generated html .
calculate all central image moments up to a certain order .
hook to write a warning to a file ; replace if you like .
handover failure section 9 . 1 . 17
given an iterable of items , determines which releases the items have in common .
returns a clusters id from the given cluster name .
flood and receive packets at layer 3 prn : function applied to packets received .
restful crud controller
if data is uint , convert to float and divide by 255 .
returns the cos sequence in a fourier series
download a certain file from the file system
pack data into hex string with little endian format .
changes the rx / tx ring parameters of the specified network device
quit from the server .
extracts the course _ id from the given url .
add python & python scripts to the search path on windows
loads address list and contact list in _ _ onload
return either b or the real part of b , depending on properties of a and b .
pick a country and make an identity for the participant there .
set the tcp stack to not use delayed acks
retrieve error message from error , if available .
compute the in - degree centrality for nodes .
mark a test as flaky .
returns the provided token or the default token .
use middleware client to generate a config file .
helper function for optionally running fix _ file ( ) in parallel .
compute ricatti - bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
loops over each item in an array .
helper function for : func : _ dup _ decompose .
add sample data to the test chart
return the ctypes . dll object for cudart or none
helper for finding all indices when using selections .
eventual consistency : wait until gcs reports something is true .
ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable .
works like does _ tree _ import but adds an import statement if it was not imported .
send auto email report now
plots a sequence of pmfs .
get cell capacities for all cells or a given cell .
helper function to save and block a module in sys . modules
controller to manage the first phase of the import of demographic data from csv
returns a form for a new genericimagedatasetjob
add the semantic representation to each syntactic parse tree of each input sentence .
converts an int to a packed byte array , with left most significant byte
formats a date as the time since that date .
save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string .
apply a xsl to a mathml string
yields actions for pressed keys .
ensure we have a crypto library , or throw cryptounavailableerror .
a list of adapters on this machine
return a negation of the given clause , i . e . not .
copy a disk image to an existing directory
converts a cvxopt matrix to a numpy ndarray .
sdc stands for susceptibility distortion correction .
log elapsed time .
computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used _ ids
get one if the number is zero or positive else negative one .
creates a ctypes function prototype for osr units functions , e . g . ,
specialized function splitting text at add / sub operators .
draft registration editor
load module info from [ app ] . config . [ module ] .
create the matrices from the datasets .
apply inverse operator to epochs .
use nd convolution to merge inputs , then use lfilter to produce output arguments for column variables return currently 1d
restful crud controller - used for searching for people by skill - used for adding / editing on profile page
removes c + + 11 raw strings from lines .
return the number of followers of an organization .
parse configuration file and save settings into the configuration advanced dictionary .
determine if mpl is a usable version
return instances that match all filters .
check whether the given path should only be copied as opposed to being rendered .
turn all deprecationwarnings ( which indicate deprecated uses of
return a copy of the opts for use , optionally load a local config on top
enters a value for all three star rating forms , on a new form
execute the compound calls stored in a single set of high data
some arbitrary calculation with three numbers .
compare a and b ; return a differ - style delta .
provides a list of label conversions for each time unit , starting with its most significant units on down .
delete all the data associated with a namespace from the database .
asymmetric negative logistic model of joe 1990 special case : a1 = a2 = 1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions : - theta in - a1 , a2 in ( 0 , 1 ]
check the query to see if : 1 ) the request is comming from admin - then allow full visibility 2 ) non - admin - make sure that the query includes the requesters project .
returns css classes of a field
set a session variable indicating that the session is restricted to being used in views contained in the modules listed by string in the locations argument .
returns the number of scalars in a keras variable .
yield classes in the order that methods should be looked up from the base classes of an object .
send a message to a pushover user or group .
check if a test label points to a python package or file directory .
creates taxonomy prefs dict given specific taxonomy levels .
add site configuration changes to site configuration history .
returns the linode plan id .
creates the inception v4 model .
hop a gcode linear move file .
use basic logger .
print all the one - line module summaries that contain a substring .
sample _ metadata : 2d dictionary mapping sample ids to metadata biom _ table : biom table object containing observation counts for samples in sample _ metadata state _ category : metadata category name describing state of interest as a string state _ values : ordered list of values of interest in the state _ category metadata entry individual _ identifier _ category : metadata category name describing the individual as a string observation _ ids : observations to extract from biom _ table returns { otu1 : { individual - identifier - 1 : [ difference - in - otu1 - abundance - bw - states - 2 - and - 1 , difference - in - otu1 - abundance - bw - states - 3 - and - 2 , individual - identifier - 2 : [ difference - in - otu1 - abundance - bw - states - 2 - and - 1 , difference - in - otu1 - abundance - bw - states - 3 - and - 2 ,
create a new github repository .
insert many rows into the database at once .
return a summary representation of the given stack .
moves users to default group .
convert a path we got from chromium to a suggested filename .
options nit : int , optional
return a users public activity stream as html .
this function encodes a block for the crawler .
create ecg signal from cross channel average .
computes spectral centroid of frame ( given abs )
replace all hyperbolic functions with trig functions using the osborne rule .
parses table column names and types from specified sqlite table schema
get a batch of data , training or testing .
for use as the literal keyword argument to the renderengine constructor .
scale either * left * or * right * to the others unit , in order to have homogenous units .
set current x keyboard setting
a feature encoding the age of the stone at each location up to maximum
reshard a kinesis stream .
register a regular python function that can be executed by the python interpreter and can be compiled into a nopython function when referenced by other jited functions .
obfuscate whisper depending on a pre - calculated level
send a command down the channel
get the number of polygon sides , with a minimum of three .
compute compression rate , sizes have to be in byte .
enable css3 animations , transitions , transforms .
queries the apns server for ids that are no longer active since the last fetch
return the salt _ interface type to connect to .
builds a list of data that formsets should use by extending some fields to every object , whilst others are assumed to be received in order .
run pylama after mercurial commit .
given a timezone naive or aware datetime return the http date formatted string to be used in http response headers .
safe version of : func : repr .
generate a uuid from a host id , sequence number , and the current time .
get specific item value from vmstat
uploads a mugshot for a user to the userena _ mugshot _ path and saving it under unique hash for the image .
returns a list of subpages for remotes
turns a queryresult iterator or list into a dictionary .
knowledge category edit page
replacement for cinder . volume . api . api . manage _ existing .
returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
join package and module with a dot .
parse storage policies in swift . conf - note that validation is done when the : class : storagepolicycollection is instantiated .
convenience wrapper around oslos execute ( ) method .
tests the functions in this module .
create a table .
atomically allocate a free iscsi _ target from the pool .
computes the p - th trigonometric circular moment for an array of circular data .
reorders handlers from specific to general for writing to yaml file .
unregister a named path - ie , a named pythonpath entry .
fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs , plus any similar fields on the base classes .
decrypt with aes in counter mode
generator function to iterate over pm csv records .
update a tool shed repository record in the galaxy database with the new information received .
reformat the unwrapped lines .
add histogram summaries to gradients .
link to a github issue .
generate hint language for missing configuration
returns initializer that initializes array with the all - one array .
return a list of the configured dns servers of the specified interface
returns the passed string as a unicode object .
broadcast shapes and strides to target _ shape given that their ndim already matches .
check whether the item matches the prop filter _ .
fillet a gcode linear move text .
struct _ or _ union : struct | union
convert a time to a datetime for datastore storage .
get a value of a specified type from image metadata .
draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width .
attempts to optimise transform specifications on the given node and its children .
print a string as hex bytes .
install a package .
return network interface buffer information using ethtool
dpcp option decorator
parse a config . h - style file .
requires that the user * not * be logged in .
authenticate with the telstra api .
create a non - existing directory .
load an image from file .
convert real schur form to complex schur form .
create new virtual machine module : ansiblemodule object azure : authenticated azure servicemanagementservice object
pull out the nth key id or name from a key which has parents .
return iterable of emailmessages with user and watch values substituted .
this method is used to drop all old rows that have the same values for columns in uc _ columns .
decorator that will catch any exception that func throws and displays it in a new vim scratch buffer .
parse an error out of a syslog file .
validate authorizer ttl timeout
create all the empty directories under base _ dir needed to put files there .
return rate per second from delta of cur _ time - last _ update , update last _ val
mark a test as work in progress .
return the information on a specific selinux boolean
determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path .
resolve all pending annotations .
get all ip addresses assigned to interfaces .
restful crud controller - consolidated report of inv _ item , recv _ item & proc _ plan _ item
computes the kth central moment of xs .
validate user configured location _ strategy option value .
output a category - ordered list .
exercises various tests for views , mostly related to filtering .
read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b .
elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
hard power down the virtual machine , this is equivalent to powering off the hardware .
return the networkid to use , only valid for advanced zone
generate a new private key on the given curve .
combines two dictionaries and adds the values for those keys that are shared
given a vfs node , returns an iterator for display info of all subs .
prepare drive ( s ) to contain the file system type / options given in the description line fs _ desc .
returns the mac address to be used for provided ip6 peer .
global cut function that supports parallel processing .
import a python source file or compiled file given its path .
reshapes a tensor .
drops elements of input variable and sets to previous variable randomly .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
get the project root directory
given a path , a ni package name , and possibly a known file name in the root of the package , see if this path is good .
returns the hostname of a backend [ instance ] in the dev _ appserver .
pure python nms baseline .
helper to workaround python 2 limitations of pickling instance methods
logic for the 1 - d interpolation .
single message page
delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add - on .
a view that doesnt use the token , but does use the csrf view processor .
wrap the lines of the given css to an approximate length .
prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . setup ( ) or autostartup ( ) during the startup script
remove a special cron job for a specified user .
set our global store of plugin name and icon resources for sharing between the interfaceaction class which reads them and the configwidget if needed for use on the customization dialog for this plugin .
returns a data api .
assert that no element is found .
given a pil . image object , create and return a file - like object containing the data saved as a jpeg .
joins a base site url with a url path .
return a generator of graphs , one graph for each biconnected component of the input graph .
secret key generator .
decorator to consistently check the underlying stream , setup the on - close callback , and create & remove a timeout expiration , if applicable .
read in docstrings from lang - specific docstring dictionary .
retrieve value for a key
push a copy to the pydata stable directory
creates a copy of a given array on the current device .
look in the current environment for twilio credentials
sends a signal to the named salt jobs process
return copy of url with password removed .
checks and makes sure the selinux policies for a given filespec are applied .
parse the dictionaries .
ensure that the named extension is absent .
extracts diff information based on the new and temporarily saved old config files
return a set of all usernames mentioned in markdown text .
construct and return a chain of certificates .
get the platform toolset for the project .
add a user to the minion
same as a * * b .
creates a zero - filled : class : cupy . ndarray object .
creates an elf file , and launches it under a debugger .
check if a process with the given pid exists
return real part of quaternion .
converts to lowercase , removes non - word characters and converts spaces to hyphens .
returns a context manager for test set up .
a decorator for _ cp _ dispatch .
get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects
fake version of os . unlink .
validate that the permissions can be manipulated for the provided resource type .
internal helper function to return index of in w _ backtrack .
convert four numeric array objects to pil image .
only load the module if grub is installed
run the subtype assigner visitor over the tree , modifying it in place .
get video description .
return a list of base paths which are searched for action aliases .
returns the api version derived from endpoints response .
sets the script prefix for the current thread .
expected inclusion _ params _ and _ context _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
returns host or host : port or empty string from a given url or host
compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
partial dependence of target _ variables .
runs markdown over a given value , optionally using various extensions python - markdown supports .
apply non - maximum suppression to all predicted boxes output by the test _ net method .
reject keys based on a dict of keys .
validate and parse a json value .
get movie position as percentage between 0 . 0 and 1 . 0 .
tell worker ( s ) to send event heartbeat immediately .
used by unit tests to reset the drivers .
replace % xx escapes by their single - character equivalent .
week view - each slot represents an hour
takes a glist , copies the values casted to type _ in to a list and frees all items and the list .
return str of the rst text for the detail page of the file in info .
retrieve system packages which name matches the provided startswith filter .
returns true if some pseudograph can realize the sequence .
callback for ctrl - c .
return the matrix to rotate a 2 - d point about the origin by angle .
parse a url into 5 components :
return string of the rst of the gallery page , showing information on all screenshots found .
ends the request with the provided request id .
solves linear diophantine equations .
find the centroid of the collection containing only points ,
set the maximum number of days during which a password is valid .
builds kernels used for sorting inputs .
test directed graph for strong connectivity .
plot vertical lines .
create a new figure manager instance
raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests .
test whether an object is a valid domain term : - is a list or tuple - with 3 elements - second element if a valid op
widen the carving of a gcode file .
perform an minfo record lookup .
redirect to a given url .
load all intersphinx mappings into the environment .
minify css using URL
returns the keys of dictionary d sorted by their values
checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested
for functions that return c _ void _ p .
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
restful interface to most content library related functionality .
get all of the parent classes of c { c } , not including c { c } itself , which are strict subclasses of l { versioned } .
initializes the output directory for fetching user logs .
return a list of child pages for the given parent , storing all pages in a dict in the context when first called using parents as keys for retrieval on subsequent recursive calls from the menu template .
create a new figure manager instance
set the value of the element to the specified text .
create and install loggers
response returned when an error is raised by the api ( e . g . my means of an abort .
optimize a dask from a dask . bag
migrates the specified virtual machine to the specified target host .
adds a lookup on cls when a related field is defined using a string ,
recursively copy a source directory to a target directory .
return shortcut text suitable for adding to a menu item
create an b { accept } response for a given key .
use 4 spaces per indentation level .
get the set of files that are affected in the given results .
create a sort from a list of sort criteria .
test that eog channel is included when performing ica .
extended pathname pattern matching .
return python modules containing functions reindex needs .
full themes have already been renamed to complete themes !
proxmox allows the use of alternative ids instead of autoincrementing .
two - sided symmetric version of match ( ) .
helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence .
helper method that binds parameters to a sql query .
compound _ stmt : if _ stmt | funcdef
formats json object to make it readable by proper indentation .
create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment .
return process information
returns the user model that is active in this project .
reader for a parquet file object .
return the number of commits since the most recent tag .
perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
linkify callback that uses get _ outgoing _ url .
returns system information as a dict
this takes an array - like , or a list of array - likes , and outputs : - x [ start : stop ] if x is an array - like - [ x [ start : stop ] for x in x ] if x in a list
convenience function to create timer object and call timeit method .
returns a csv report containing the encoded video urls for video uploads in the following format :
a check that tests that a given value is an integer and optionally , between bounds .
same as find _ pure _ symbol , but arguments are expected to be in integer representation > > > from sympy . logic . algorithms . dpll import find _ pure _ symbol _ int _ repr > > > find _ pure _ symbol _ int _ repr ( { 1 , 2 , 3 } , . . .
write comments in output originally read by io . ascii .
this function tries to recognize the updates ordereddict , the list of outputs and the stopping condition returned by the lambda expression and arrange them in a predefined order .
this filter plugin will flatten a list of lists
create a wtforms form for a given django model class : : from wtforms . ext . django . orm import model _ form from myproject . myapp . models import user
replacement for cinder . volume . api . api . get _ snapshot .
determines the width of the line in column positions .
parses command line arguments
converts any unicode based iri to an acceptable ascii uri .
only load if the xmpp module is available in _ _ salt _ _
utility function to get upgradable packages
add a bearer token _ to the request uri .
create and / or verify a filesystem directory .
a higher - level wrapper over _ factorize _ from _ iterable .
return the cubic graph specified in lcf notation .
utf - 8 - safe version of safe _ urlencode
save the current exceptions traceback in a temporary file .
interact with vm , which is a pexpect object
this merges one or more django ascending - id queries into a generator that returns chunks of chunk _ size row objects during each yield , preserving id order across all results . .
convert an autoyast file to an sls file
returns a group form page .
check roundtrip behavior for color images .
checks for spam content against akismet api .
launches a dialog for comparing a pair of branches
command : next id
starts http server
type is one of " table " and " design " , and info is the table name or design id .
get all submodules of a given module
return the result value from the pyeapi output
return the date of the last check
get a webkitinspector / webengineinspector .
raises invalid if the given user _ id does not exist in the model given in the context , otherwise returns the given user _ id .
single notification function
disassociate qos _ specs from all entities .
get fname without - # - .
get the list of core observations in table table : the biom - format table object to filter sample _ ids : list of sample ids of interest for the core computation fraction _ for _ core : the fraction of the sample _ ids that an observation must have a non - zero count for to be considered a core observation
raise an exception for invalid tag .
returns a random integer x with minvalue < = x < = maxvalue
a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page
parses a mapping of the form . . .
converts urls into clickable links , truncating urls to the given character limit , and adding rel = nofollow attribute to discourage spamming .
read an address in a space , at a location , of a certain length .
maybeencodingerror - picklingerror : cant pickle dictproxy # 8748
get boolean from the dictionary and key .
find a framework using dyld semantics in a very loose manner .
solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation , ax ^ 2 + by ^ 2 + cz ^ 2 = 0 .
raise an error if the given port is not free on the given host .
samples the version of the git repo
commit quota reservations .
provide validation / translation for timedelta short units
get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string .
convert a cftype into an equivalent python type .
ensure that a tenant exists .
encodes a bytearray into serialization
split while allowing escaping .
the top level call to this module , basically
extract rnn embeddings from the lookup layer of the model
convert an internal id to a glance id .
pad / truncates a string
install node js from source .
this method is deprecated , use atom . http . _ send _ data _ part
same as urllib . urlencode , but supports unicode strings .
call this whenever you call os . fork ( )
generate binomial table .
generates sequence of plotting positions
split the given text on space according to the given max line size return a 2 - uple : a line < = line _ len if possible the rest of the text which has to be reported on another line
returns the values key .
generates a url to the users certificate html view , along with a get variable that will signal the evidence visit event .
test ssp proj operations .
get all metadata for a list of resources after filtering .
wrapper around expand that only uses the trig hint .
incoming shipments for sites
shutdown the system
send a delete request for the specified object .
actually implement get _ module , without requiring a request .
issue update statements on behalf of a relationship ( ) which specifies post _ update .
spalbum - - search spotify for
import filedescriptor in to module space .
computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k [ x ] .
get list of files and call processing function .
use _ winreg or reg . exe to obtain the value of a registry key .
device - mapper multipath flush
prints all the results in the core reporting api response .
example of a simple page tab
returns a list of items matching the specified path .
samples a trajectory for two player policies .
fill out with randomly sampled probability vectors as rows .
call to set namespace of tasks declared after the call .
retrieve an attribute from an xml document and return it in a consistent format
setup access to bloomsky cameras .
go through the list objects sequentially until we find one which has attribute attr , then return the value of that attribute .
handle suggesion saving .
create message from response .
convert a version string to a list of numbers or strings
retrieve a list of named topojson layer tiles from a tilestache config .
helper that removes surrounding quotes from strings .
converts from a comma - separated , base64 - hex - encoded representation of hierarchical place names into placemark named tuple with an utf - 8 encoded place names .
removes and strip separators from input _ string
converts a datastore _ pb . error into a datastore _ errors . error .
allocates an asset id for the current device .
setup the mqtt eventstream component .
create a consistent hardlink for the volume block device .
get the repository constructor .
return true iff _ str _ starts with _ prefix _ .
transform an array with one flattened image per row , into an array in which images are reshaped and layed out like tiles on a floor .
generate sftp url prefix
this entry point allows for a shorter version of a jump to where just the id of the element is passed in .
returns a set of all available widgets
process the target by the manipulationfunction .
decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid
load le32 dos timestamp
custom exception handler for drf , which ensures every exception we throw is caught , returned as a nice drf response , while still going to sentry etc .
returns a list of data stores on opennebula .
print tracked objects
parse the nic setup inside lxc conf tuples back to a dictionary indexed by network interface
number of responses to a mission
stops service via monit
determines if certificate is a wildcard certificate .
convert snetinfo object to list
parse multi dot - separated argument into dict .
display the recent users played songs
remove non - join identity nodes from the given graph
get plugin by name , preferred way since this structure may be changed at some point .
sort versions from newest to oldest
returns the name of the page used for a resources documentation .
import cache file .
returns options used for the mysql connection .
return description of pending readers .
transmit a packet from the switch .
return true if target is out - of - date with respect to any file listed in sources .
build the partial match table of the knuth - morris - pratt algorithm .
return a dictionary containing key - value pairs for the information items from the lsb _ release command data source of the current linux distribution .
return the number of unique visits by locale in a given date range .
deletes a security group rule .
generate a full configuration from the given base configuration by adding a managed section for the given cluster instance .
given a list of public - facing scope names from a cas token , return the list of internal scopes
wait for the element to be present and clickable .
computes the periodogram . .
renders a template , caching where it can .
return the canonical path of the specified filename , eliminating any symbolic links encountered in the path .
read a signed 32 - bit integer
my contact card
adds the logged values , returning the logarithm of the addition .
sets up and starts / restarts the webui .
return data to a redis data store
checks configuration file for common mistakes that are easily detectable
xyz to cie - lab color space conversion .
return the configured logging level , or throw an exception
wraps words at specified line length .
converts entry element to topic
create a processnode that just runs the given command with no prefix .
returns paths made relative to root
makes directories like mkdir - p , raising no exception when dirname already exists .
lists the registered report plugins .
returns true _ dict if cond _ expr evaluates to true , and false _ dict otherwise .
initialize change detection on shippable .
perform installation or removal of an isapi filter or extension .
make a scatter plot from two dataframe columns
deactivate a named swap mount . .
add a diamond or hexagonal outline for a line segment .
verbose testing of lsmr
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
generate bootstrap replicates from a multiple sequence alignment object
returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type .
this function is used to generate a dynamic page .
ask for a filename to open , and returned the opened file
get bundle properties from bundle xml
evacuate all instances from failed host .
populate a list of existing security checks .
give the sign resulting from summing a list of expressions .
print nicely formatted xml to a string .
compile a sql expression with bind params inlined as literals .
process options passed either via arglist or via command line args .
generate default media url , and make possible to override it from settings .
unicode values will raise a keyerror , so catch those and encode in utf - 8 .
return the enum to the caller
given a valid config , update the website configuration for a bucket .
strip leading or trailing double colon .
return a list of full paths to all matches of the given command on the path .
return volumes that were active during window .
returns the longest path common to p1 and p2 .
get loops from a carve of a correct mesh .
delete a remote document
create tables for all given models .
parse out a short summary from the given doclines .
parse a pascal voc xml file
percent - encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization , preserving any iri - style textual data .
list available images for azure
define a new service proxy .
splits a pathname specification separated by an os - dependent separator .
return timestamp for start of next month
get members in a redis set
writes a string that tells the user what they are seeing in terms of search results .
runs the server .
create a few opportunities , quotes , material requests , issues , todos , projects to help the user get started
return an element with lowest func score ; break ties at random .
flags a method as deprecated .
determine if int _ falls into one of the ranges in ranges .
return information about a snapshot
forces a value to be rendered as a non - localized value , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
build a header from a list of fields
register discovered wemo binary sensors .
returns a reference to the c { django _ objects } on the context .
returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs
input from baseaddress
removes trailing whitespace on each line .
get a list of best terms to use with search
executes libdoc similarly as from the command line .
save an inventory dictionary
gets trail information based on the trails arn
disable the authentication for musicbrainz xml api
jose base64 decode .
retrieves the processlist from the mysql server via " show full processlist " .
returns the arithmetic mean of the given list of values .
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
restful crud controller
return the index of key within sequence , using testfn for comparison and transforming items of sequence by keyfn first .
convert the characters & , < , > , and " in string s to html - safe sequences .
convert day adverbs to dates
cm re - establishment request section 9 . 2 . 4
check if this entity can be stored .
query | varstack | for the top data .
construct a cacheable dict of account info based on response headers .
remove the named group
all arguments except for server _ hostname , ssl _ context , and ca _ cert _ dir have the same meaning as they do when using : func : ssl . wrap _ socket .
return the selected spam checker backend .
open the connection to the junos device , login , and bind to the
return coordinate vectors in order coordinate _ header : ids corresponding to vectors in coordinate _ matrix coordinate _ matrix : the coordinate vectors order : ordered ids from coordinate _ header for coordinates that should be extracted strict : raise an error if an id from order is not present in coordinate _ header
change the group of a file
returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new .
removes a configuration element from the snmp configuration .
returns true if derivative is out - of - date wrt original , both of which are full file paths .
return the default application id .
remove html tags , entities and superfluous characters from meta blocks .
explain an exception .
comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction .
do typical mozillians update
helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions .
ensure basic interface compliance for an instance or dict of callables .
traverse the alignment cost from the tracebacks and retrieves appropriate sentence pairs .
show a warning message .
parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2 - tuples
check if the token ending on is decltype ( ) .
collect exponents on powers as assumptions allow .
avoid extraneous whitespace around keywords .
convert content of config - file into dictionary .
delete the namespace and all foreign references
gompertz growth model
compute diag ( d ) j .
delete all * pyc files recursively in a path
tries to determine the libc version that the file executable is linked against .
get a path to a directory containing part files to use as mock output .
mean squared error loss .
write a default to the system
ansible oc module for route
displays the pending documents to be agreed by the current user .
builds a simple user - agent string to send in requests
waits for an interface to reach a given status .
get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist .
execute a query using mongodbs aggregation pipeline
return a function that raises a notimplementederror with a passed node name .
given a course id and comment id , remove vote ajax only
return an encryption oracle for the given secret .
given an iterable of bytes that were the result of a call to
determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running .
return set of all regex matches
converts all convolution kernels in a model from theano to tensorflow .
borrowed from web . py , rip aaron swartz
decorator for filters which should only receive strings .
start the named service .
make plot with optional error bars
determines and returns the volume _ type and iops for a boto create _ volume call for a given profile _ name .
remove accents from characters in the given string .
ensure a container is not present , destroying it if present name
get all tags for a given instance .
indices of unicode string text when skipping combining characters .
given a list of mixed task / block data , return a list of block ( ) objects , where implicit blocks are created for each bare task .
ensure correct open is paired with correct close .
reset to a clean state by deleting all groups
verify rabbitmq is installed .
apply the change to local state .
release lock on compilation directory .
array must be sparseseries or sparsearray
returns the number of cells used in a tabular inline
initialize a new vm
coverts a gd _ when value to the appropriate type .
make sure that we have github oauth credentials .
update our built - in md5 registry
create an s3 repository .
create dataframes for exploring a fitted model as a function of one variable .
module function to decrypt a password .
delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
make sure the " templates " list in a response is properly updated , even though were using jinja2 and not the default django template engine .
since this is soo slow we only do this once for all tests
internal function to load the next bgzf function .
loads and commits the configuration provided .
return an add - on with one version and four files .
return the navigation links to display in the footer .
converts a voxel shift map to a displacements field .
return a path to a requirements file of given contents .
return the crawleable url according to : URL
return script * fname * run configuration
migrate non - reference fields containing primary keys on logs .
sets the global variable wantdown to true to stop everything after the current files have been processed .
resizes webapp / website promo imgs .
finds next weekday
parse out the args and kwargs from a list of input values .
rate limiting decorator
remove an element from the list table .
global values to pass to templates
take a string as a path on a client and interpolate with client data .
return the number of k - sized partitions of n items .
verify whether a hostname is valid .
spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative .
the tokenize ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
efficiently estimate the 1 - norm of the matrix product of the args .
add simple registration fields to the response if requested .
used to sign all the versions of an addon .
get a list of azs for the configured region .
l { deferredgenerator } and l { waitfordeferred } help you write
parse a via header .
given a new email for a user , does some basic verification of the new address and sends an activation message to the new address .
generate a page containing n links to other pages which do the same .
make sure the package is installed name
returns the content of the specified type of object for a service instance .
charts index page
returns an unpickled backend .
returns false if n is an euler pseudo - prime with base x , and
select the path based with lowest med value .
transform constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer
return sass directories that need to be added to sass watcher .
gets the description for the given profile .
get the next childnode index .
given a user and things of varying types , set their unread state .
returns an unused port on localhost .
return function meta - data in a tuple .
make a cookie from underspecified parameters .
return pathname as a name that will work on the native filesystem .
substitute a single enum keyword argument , if it occurs
left precedent dictionary merge .
start the web server mode
returns httperror with 500 internal error error from the active application .
get a character and integer string .
context manager to override provides for a given category .
solve the equation a x = b for x , assuming a is a triangular matrix .
a template factory for extending the salt ecosystem
decorator that checks the fixture with all float dtypes .
check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists .
runs cmds using subprocess . check _ call .
return an iterator which schedules after each iteration .
draws samples from mixture model .
return simpletable instance , created from the data in csvfile , which is in comma separated values format .
special handler for api - call set _ config [ categories ]
get the path for the avatar image of a user
set up the xblock - > xmodule shim on the supplied : class : xblock . fragment . fragment
parse an rfc 1123 or asctime - like format date string to produce a python datetime object .
try to create a store _ fs by pootle _ path for a non existent language
format the given values into the style of line normally used in the master . cf file .
compute the mann whitney u statistic using scipy . stats . mannwhitneyu
find torrent file in given list of torrent classes
upload images handler .
store information about an operation into a dict
write the active configuration state to config file
launches the flow and worker and waits for it to finish .
zero order polynomial regression model .
return a relative version of a path
quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number .
thumbnail url generator for youtube videos .
extract the images into a 4d tensor [ image index , y , x , channels ] .
represent columndict in yaml dump .
reload policies from swift . conf .
login to google api using oauth2 credentials .
convert tools to a form expected by visual studio .
fetch comments for item using gdata .
check whether value should be coerced to field type .
run markdown from the command line .
test if we are able to connect to a task with a vip using minuteman .
code for failure in the struct init .
restricts the dataset to use the specified fold .
this page edits a specific snippet .
ensure were connected to the host were running on .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
dumps a structure to json so that its safe to use in
returns a user object .
get the requested movie play rate .
permutes axes in a tensor .
find the inputs and outputs generated by a rule .
return a 2d table with shape filed with fill
convert imap4 flags response to python tuple .
export a list of kits in excel xls format
purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly
publish the flocker documentation .
inspects the model and creates / updates the corresponding table and columns .
returns currents thread name
get a random node id , with eighth bit set as suggested by rfc 4122 .
creates a list of paths in which all special glob characters in all the parent directories of all paths in the given setting are properly escaped .
create a user partition for each verification checkpoint in the course .
create a converge plan from a strategy and execute the plan .
returns all items details
only load if pycassa is available and the system is configured
update location and the last time request users
add a asset group in database
computes the trimmed mean and variance of a sequence of numbers .
create a nova client from a keystone session .
construct options from keyword arguments or . . .
get a list of valid mach - o header signatures , not including the fat header
retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore .
reconstitute a working tree for the branch at path .
sends a single event to statsd with the desired name and the current timestamp
helper to determine the node name of this machine .
parse the arguments
annotates the tokens with lemmata for plural nouns and conjugated verbs , where each token is a [ word , part - of - speech ] list .
return the path with its extension replaced by ext .
reindex object after save .
validates that the review groups all have valid , matching localsites .
walk a directory and toolsource objects .
wrap as theano expression .
fetch all workflow designs .
load the meg helmet associated with the meg sensors .
test the behavior of - - editable - - uptodate - - format = columns - - format = legacy flag in the list command
build a logger for test driver script .
parse a query given as a string argument .
create a filesystem relative path from an url path .
induced formula : example sin = - sin ( a )
parse http range header .
open pty master and return .
measure time for decomposition
generate a random string of salt _ chars with specified length .
get a consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist .
exit the program .
prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call .
classical case of the generalized exponential integral .
parse template tag contents
accepts a byte string as input parameter and return the associated long value :
returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
read all the timeseries data points for a given set of label values .
create a copy of a function .
refer to figurefactory . create _ trisurf ( ) for docstring
returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w / o their " . py " extension .
checkresponse compares the auth _ map with the password and optionally other arguments that each implementation might need .
create an es object and return it .
starts the mongo connector
adds the given feedbackmessagereference to each of the recipients email buffers .
decompose power into symbolic base and rational exponent .
function wrapper to handle connection errors .
execute a function
reintroduces in y with length one the axes of x which have been left out in a prior reduction of x .
construct a simplepipelineengine from local filesystem resources .
helper for resizing .
return rotation angle and axis from rotation matrix .
run the create _ cluster tool with arguments from sys . argv and printing to sys . stdout .
add sparse endpoints .
expected inclusion _ tag _ without _ context _ parameter _ _ doc _ _
take a string in the form 1234k , and convert to bytes
return tree of local path
rescanning doesnt always work due to timeouts and resource constraints .
build a list of email addresses for cc
set configuration variable .
parse arguments to generate
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
render out and return the entire contents of the current request .
demonstration code for evaluating a chunk parser , using a chunkscore .
returns python source for the given map .
create a draft revision .
set the prefixer for the current thread .
when given a single existing key but the value is an empty dict , require ( ) aborts
convert a string to ascii exactly as djangos slugify does , with the exception that any non - ascii alphanumeric characters are escaped into codes like u0421 instead of being deleted entirely .
relexpr : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr
return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
reload supervisor configuration .
display queries done by exec _ string .
split a scram response into key , value pairs .
list of server ( s ) for all infrastructure
given a unicode computed by encode _ for _ querystring , return the inverse .
returns a set of gate rules .
print methods and doc strings .
read _ bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code
logs an error if no copyright message appears at the top of the file .
set the default colormap to autumn and apply to current image if any .
find a shortest chain of references leading from obj .
returns a numeric snowflake pretending to be created at the given date .
generate a unique object name .
set facts that vary based on deployment _ type .
compute the number of multipolar moments .
raise typeerror if x is a str containing non - utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
recursive helper for _ to _ base _ type ( ) to convert a message to an entity .
execute an hg pull on all the repos
run flake8 on codebase .
activate a theme based on identifier .
attach a block storage volume name
builds the bprop kernel for lookup table layers based on templated code .
return template a specific stack name
write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if write commented file for skeinforge chain is selected .
serves requests using the wsgi callable interface .
return a new environ dict for wsgi 1 . x from the given wsgi u . x environ .
this method inserts a channel / torrent in a sorted list .
convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . image .
detect the encoding of the byte string input , which contains the beginning of a css file .
train a simple conv net img _ h = sentence length img _ w = word vector length filter _ hs = filter window sizes hidden _ units = [ x , y ] x is the number of feature maps , and y is the penultimate layer sqr _ norm _ lim = s ^ 2 in the paper lr _ decay = adadelta decay parameter
transfer data between files .
get new derivation .
main entry point for ansible module execution
returns seqrecord objects for each chain in a pdb file
disable wheels if per - setup . py call options are set .
zendesk uses trigers with message templates .
if we can get a version provided at installation time or from git , use that instead , otherwise we carry on .
return the changeset _ revision in the repository changelog that has associated metadata prior to the changeset to which before _ changeset _ revision refers .
it would remove any existing requirement milestones for the given course _ key and create new milestones for each pre - requisite course in prerequisite _ course _ keys .
return a list of possible auto proxy . pac files being used , based on the system registry or system preferences .
add common sections to / desk # module / setup
build the html and pdf docs
decorator for tests that require an image library
given a course key and a user , return the id of the cohort that user is assigned to in that course .
function to check a hash on virustotal and get the report summary
accepts a user password as input from stdin and stores it to the secrets database .
find the length of the text content , excluding markup .
implement n largest / smallest for pandas series
create a continuous random variable with an irwin - hall distribution .
given a new set of tags and a user , build a list of allowed new tags with changes accepted only for namespaces where editing is allowed for the user .
update saml provider .
builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes .
attribute for a function only supported on esp8266
implicit conversion from mydummy to int .
collects the new contents of / var / log / messages .
make futures testing data that simulates the notice / expiration date behavior of physical commodities like oil .
get the slaac address within given network
merge the left and right metadata objects .
checks fasta labels to exact match to tree tips
find irc logins
return a single named information item from the lsb _ release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
print out automatically generated strings for translation .
archive sources into the package and return a list of source info .
returns the final component of a pathname . .
retrieves a data file from the standard locations and returns its contents as a bytes object .
cleans up any del _ start / del _ end markers in the document , replacing them with .
comparator function based on " key " function
get a location for configs .
connect a protocol instance to an endpoint .
reads through whitespaces , returns the first non - whitespace line .
get the spec file and place it in the specs dir
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
check for the existence of an alias and if it exists , return it
return the first unassociated eip domain
render the given version pieces into the requested style .
returns a dict containing the urls for a complete set of profile images , keyed by " friendly " name .
plus directional movement
very basic tokenizer : split the sentence into a list of tokens .
given a list / tuple of zone , xllcorner and yllcorner of a geo - ref object , return a geo ref object .
determine whether a stream is public , so that our caller can decide whether we can get historical messages for a narrowing search .
just chained because i have still the test case
get either read or write engine .
formats a date according to the given format .
creates a listing of users that follow the actor defined by content _ type _ id , object _ id .
ask the user if he really want something to happen .
do a series of global replacements on a string .
returns true is username is a sysadmin
calls the salt module " probes " to schedule the configured probes on the device .
returns the diffchunkgenerator class used for generating chunks .
get a list of the latlons for each response in a series
loader that can read the js subset the indexer produces .
substitutes corresponding sols for each functions into each eqs and checks that the result of substitutions for each equation is 0 .
compute the cross - spectral density .
store coefficients in a transposed , flipped arrangement .
make msg not cause new line when output
decorator for validating that ka lite post - install setup has completed .
check if there is already a voucher reference check if amount is same check if jv is submitted
execute an arbitrary query on the specified database name
generates all subsets of a set or sequence u .
set the default colormap to flag and apply to current image if any .
clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release .
get matrixsvg by transformwords .
touch a file
returns a string specifying to the user what obj is
add a data resource to the server .
show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action .
loads and returns a template for one of the given names .
plot sensors positions .
delete a splunk search
helper function to return the instance id and region of the master where this pillar is run .
very painful calculation of when the unix epoch is .
creates the default groups
reverse function of _ str _ to _ ord .
a little helper to check if the given field is reverse - o2o .
numerically find frequency shift to apply to delay - normalized filter such that - 3 db point is at 1 rad / sec .
compute the matrix tangent .
helper function to generate pretty printed json output
run some commands on some nodes .
get representations of person entities .
replace the tk root menu by something thats more appropriate for
simple rolling vwap implementation for testing
find all tool shed repositories with the bad path and update with the correct path .
update vals with image fields resized as expected .
ensure the named internet gateway is absent .
grab data from consul , trim base path and remove any keys which are folders .
wrapper around l { randbytes . securerandom } to return 2 random chars .
accept user - role invite for the event .
returns an sqlalchemy table dynamically from db .
return a copy of settings _ spec excluding / replacing some settings .
run migrations in online mode .
verify version is within acceptable range .
ensure that a pagerduty schedule does not exist .
return all registered trophy types .
return a list of feature - based productions .
find the differing character between strings .
this searches the uninstall keys in the registry to find a match in the sub keys , it will return a dict with the display name as the key and the version as the value
does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
returns a string describing a form based on the model
get the i { virtual footprint } of the object .
list all the clusters for this vmware environment
returns the token value to use in authorization headers .
creates a prefix operator , given a binding power and a function that evaluates the node .
extracts configs to a new dir under parent _ dir and returns it
decorator which locks self . lock .
mocks out the coursetab . from _ json to just return the tab _ dict itself so that we dont have to deal with plugin errors .
makes sure the specified row is absent in db .
convert a list of instances into a header list and datarows list .
check if the file looks like it has a html doctype .
unlocks a user account .
returns whether or not we should enable the new - style conversion of old - style classes .
check for the existence of a document and if it exists , return it
creates a postgres group .
this check matches the value to any of a set of options .
create a continuous random variable with a dagum distribution .
iterate through possible string - derived format functions .
return float if v can be converted to float excluding nan and inf .
return a xml schema used to do an api request .
check for imports .
guess player state
if a user passes print users in a message , print the users in the slack team to the console .
validator that enforces minimum complexity
in order to allow requests to validate ssl requests with the packaged . exe on windows , we need to override the default certificate location which is based on the location of the requests or certifi libraries .
converts back the instance saved by model _ to _ ctype function .
unjoin the player from a group .
get the actual result from an iam api response .
for date and time values shows how many seconds , minutes or hours ago compared to current timestamp returns representing string .
assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called .
a word - wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text .
correct qts verbose bold / underline / etc .
print list of % d compiled individual ops in the " theano . config . compiledir "
raise an exception , with proper position information if available .
returns a list of devices , keeping only a brief listing .
organisation / office / facility / group page headers
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one .
create and connect an http page getting factory .
process the docstring for a given python object .
equalize the image histogram .
produce an : class : . aliasedclass construct which specifies columns for descendant mappers of the given base .
given possible primers , extracts primers from sequence from min _ idx to max _ idx
write a string to file and return the parsed yaml .
cleanup for a : class : . _ connectionfairy whether or not its already been garbage collected .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
get and print a feed of public products in the united states mathing a text search query for digital camera and grouped by the 8 top brands .
return a list with the names of the interface subclasses inside the given module .
replaces with for all strings in a collection .
send an e - mail representing the supplied review .
get docker version
convert chunk to string .
resource finding function , also available in templates .
generic okay hook response
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
returns date / time formatted using babels locale settings .
computes local node connectivity for nodes s and t .
yield batches of count items from the given iterable .
get current event loop object .
a factory function for handling chart and builder generation .
stack added taxes on the given price without compounding .
version of repr ( ) which can handle recursive data structures .
rosenblatt - parzen univariate kernel density estimator
compare two seq or dbseq objects
setup the wunderground sensor .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , with a summary of the relevant weather for the requested date .
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
returns a users uuid suitable for use in the receipt , by looking up the purchase table .
return a sql statements needed to reset django tables .
get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
create a new revision of a wiki document , or edit document metadata .
clean the version string removing extra data .
use the global detector object to figure out which fd implementation to use .
move local config and save paths .
run any registered exit functions _ exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in , first out .
creates a private ip for the specified linode .
given a stub body produce a list of complete frag _ archive bodies as strings in frag _ index order .
sorts a list of filediffs .
determine current branch
determine which constraints are active in a given point .
return the direction of a control request .
remove any unnecessary whitespace from the edges of the source image .
restful crud controller
generate a loop nest walking a n - dimensional array .
get the xml element by key .
returns the original file name , but with a different extension
convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
get current windows update settings .
return list of api items matching the given name .
a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it
executes the scripts for png generation of the top row of index . html .
makes flowgram file from sff file .
instructs chocolatey to enable a source .
returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument
function to return the list of questions for the given series
periodogram for arma process given by lag - polynomials ar and ma
rgba to rgb conversion .
read in the test _ results and aggregate into a single result object
generates list of commands to configure on device
linkifies plain text , escaping any html metacharacters already present .
process the xml element by geometryoutput .
simple throttling decorator , caches the amount of requests made in cache .
simplify trigonometric expressions using a groebner basis algorithm .
elementwise tan function .
search for areas and return a dict with an area - list key .
a helper for defining lists of strings options .
open penultimate file with outside program .
given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols .
demonstrate the use of the bootstrap template
compute interpolation matrix based on spherical splines .
build a new bokehjs or install a previously build
initialize the module and return all metric descriptors
prepare a string to make it printable in the specified charset .
emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
move widget to the center of the default screen
return the full path to the rcctl ( 8 ) command .
cleans up after each test complete .
checks whether a given file - like object is closed .
join components of url into a relative url
given a string file name , returns a geosgeometry .
gather lm - sensors data from a given chip
get the repository writer for the title .
closes connection and releases werkzeug local .
returns the credentials that will be sent to plotly .
returns the path component of an hdfs url .
get logger by name .
install support for sending connections and sockets between processes
get the current movie length .
markdown processing with optionally using various extensions that python - markdown supports .
compute executive summary report for a course and upload the
compute a lower bound for 100 * log10 ( c ) for a positive integer c .
phrase extraction algorithm extracts all consistent phrase pairs from a word - aligned sentence pair .
populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
returns a list of language codes for the given region code .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
return the index where to insert item x in list a , assuming a is sorted .
set a single config value in the master . cf file .
removes previous node data from the cassandra store .
returns the application path .
internal helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions , given a tag name
format a single line with an exception description .
removes an existing google cloud dns zone .
parses a string and return a datetime . datetime .
this function truncates digests that are longer than a given elliptic curve keys length so they can be signed .
retrieves the course grading policy .
returns a list given either a string or a list
scans the unpackers dir , finds unpackers and add them to unpackers list .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
parses value as an option value for the given name and returns the interpreted value .
adapt a post response to a message .
utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple , dictionary or similar object .
guess a single filename using given options
store dask dataframe to csv files
helper function to return patchoperations object
return int value of val or default on error
return the named hook name creating it if necessary .
save all internal bookkeeping to disk
generates the hdf file with the data for testing
returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
create a channel , with a reader and a writer
dynamically generate a regex to match pem _ type
do the post .
convert the given object to a commit if possible and return it
return the bigrams generated from a sequence of items , as an iterator .
attempt to connect to the docker control socket .
get the action by request _ id and given instance .
fetch secret from pass based on pass _ path
returns a file descriptor for the filename if that file exists , otherwise none .
create and return manifest instance from file
unpack little endian hexlified binary string into a list .
strip a gpg fingerprint of all spaces , make sure it seems valid .
inserts the version value in to the version table .
given a customer gateway id , check if the customer gateway id exists .
check alternative keywords being used in boolean expressions .
return a dictionary of all available services on the system
create namespace for rest parsers .
checks for problematic encodings
pkg search will return all packages for which the pattern is a match .
extend parameters of module with parameters which are common to all ovirt modules .
build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples , with arndom input and target values , but the appropriate dimensions to be used on the provided module .
builds an entire schedule from scratch .
run the command line openssl tool with the given arguments and write the given pem to its stdin .
returns a discrete range .
save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename .
check if the directory is in the exclude list .
calculate dimensions of a frame
this function prints itself .
prompt for password with echo off , using windows getch ( ) .
get a listing of containers for the account .
calculates the normal distributions probability density function .
back up an existing cookiecutter rc and restore it after the test .
removes the content of responses for head requests , 1xx , 204 and 304 responses .
get / set host protected area settings
register a bundle with the given name .
checks that expr is not none
returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
parse data assuming it is a . snippets file .
add comments to the commenttree and update scores .
compares two taxa summaries using the specified comparison mode .
change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname ( ) api changed in python 3 .
uses the exec _ method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is , and based on that info , it returns the corresponding virtual daemon .
returns context variables required by apps that use django - authopenid .
creates a new subnet
sends deauth packets to broadcast and every client .
get an * * update * * message .
returns a list of applied powerpath license keys
convert a datetime object into a iso - 8601 formatted string , omitting microseconds
get the current device or use a device by device number , and return the cuda context .
performs a dns lookup with dig
get the transform attributes .
writes corrected mapping file with invalid characters replaced output _ corrected _ fp : filepath to write corrected mapping file to .
win32 select wrapper .
get branch matching the character
does the opposite of expand _ user , with its outputs .
parse a stports description into a 2 - tuple of arguments and keyword values .
get all volume summary belonging to a project .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
return the commit id of * ref * in the git repository at * path * .
get translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
encode an event as json , flattening it if necessary to preserve as much structure as possible .
a grid of 2x2 images .
register a dictionary of clsids and classes .
flags a comment .
make a direct request to an openid provider and return the result as a message object .
return the encoding declaration according to pep 263 .
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
returns the shared suffix of two patterns .
helper method for common code in global and local poly rings .
creates a class instance with a specified value , the specified class instance may be a value on a property in a defined class instance .
normalize the corpus tags .
get widdershins outer loops .
print the summary information on a fits file .
returns a list of available indexes .
updates source index for given unit .
apply json patch operations using jsonpatch .
attach tasks as json column to each object of the queryset .
reports the current time based on the users timezone .
modifies up to maxchanges number of bits in the inputval
return the number of bytes n in more human readable form .
returns the block types that could have a score .
generate a random password
get a formatter by name .
split a path in head and tail .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
make a mixture distribution .
update tables with clause where and setting values .
get a rendered template as a string iterator .
returns the position of the candidate marker .
create a new record .
returns a list of the servers ips , or the preferred access ip
the starting version for the database .
tests several objects with m2m fields using the api .
returns a list of pre - extracted popular source urls
load properties like no _ cache , title from raw
return k - th derivative of a periodic sequence x .
return a logger with the specified name , creating it if necessary .
return the full data about the publication , this is invoked in the same way as the publish function
generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map , to be used with a mapadapters generate _ javascript method .
open a pem file .
returns a sorteddict containing form fields for the given model .
extracts the points from the given dict and returns a unicode string matching the line protocol introduced in influxdb 0 . 9 . 0 .
retrieve role by name .
enforce html escaping .
returns true if mapping g1 _ node to g2 _ node is semantically feasible .
creates a cloudtrail digesttraverser and its object graph .
check if needle is in haystack .
build the global network script .
creates the link .
cut a release .
recursively remove an entire directory tree .
convert a set of coils to an mne struct .
ensure that the named database is present name
fixture to clean httpbin request list after each test .
set the debug mode .
construct a new grep dialog
represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
only apply rule if condition is true
the main function for this script
alpha composite im2 over im1 .
retrieve information about the size of the backing file for the given volume .
return a list of the images that are on the provider
get new derivation .
verifies secret key for a request
mignotte bound for univariate polynomials in k [ x ] .
configure required state for a follower .
regions that have ratings bodies .
royal road function r2 as presented by melanie mitchell in : " an introduction to genetic algorithms " .
create an event in victorops .
restful crud controller
detach volume from a server
list all available locations
rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents .
install a powershell module from powershell gallery on the system .
used to convert the : members : option to auto directives .
loops through the addresses , collapsing concurrent netblocks .
return selected slices of an array along given axis .
return the local revision for before / after comparisons
return inverse hilbert transform of a periodic sequence x .
clear the screen and redraw everything at the top of the screen .
replaces members of the group with a provided list .
if the config has a special prefix for emails then this function adds this prefix .
returns the pcoa coords of each taxon based on the coords of the samples .
demos the setting of the access properties by the groups settings api .
load msrp dataset
turn a compound into a sympy object
dispatches the suggestion action according to the http verb .
test positions against those generated by skyfield .
a simple context manager for using the httreplay library .
return the fully qualified name of a module , class , method or function .
check if old property name exists and if it does - show warning message and return value .
return a copy of the passed string , each line indented by 4 spaces .
decorator which causes a cookie to be set when a setter method is called .
helper to look up a model from an " app _ label . model _ name " string .
get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp .
update all the module reference fields to the destination course id , then import the module into the destination course .
load an odf file into memory
get subject id from inverse operator .
sets the user info cookie on the response .
a helper method designed to return a wrapped string .
replaces common symbols with spaces .
test - - no - clean option blocks cleaning after install
generator for yielding nodes of a tree in a post - order sort .
gathers variables from different gpus on a specified device .
messaging index page
unlock a fs file / dir based lock
find the geoip database
create a symbolic link
return the list of tips in the tree that are not in tips _ to _ keep
load a cron . yaml file or string and return a croninfoexternal object .
returns an appropriately initialized _ generichttpchannelprotocol .
print a summary of how many tests were run , how many are available , and which ones are missing .
generate slices of time indexes .
yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be an instance of basestring , or a iterable thereof .
decode parameters list according to rfc 2231 .
transfer the closest remaining fill loop .
the function of max _ heapify is to let the value at seq [ i ] " float down " in the max - heap so that the subtree rooted at index i becomes a max - heap .
alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated .
setup the command sensor .
manage the members of an existing pool .
delete api method response for a resource in the given api
the smallest integer k such that k * d > = n .
basic verification that the endpoint supports carddav
collect host information from user .
return true on win32
return intersection of two lists of case - insensitive strings a , b .
this method facilitates movement through the terms of self
restful crud controller
set the system date and time .
test that categoricals are eqivalent
yields tuples of tablereference namedtuples
ensure trail exists .
parses an accept - * style header .
context that raises an exception if process is blocking .
return the process data
create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file .
test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop
returns the path extensions from environment or a default
send email for submit papers
only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion
gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
test that show _ all _ categories forces plugin to return all visible categories
commits the most recent savepoint .
gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old
convert naive : class : ~ datetime . datetime to utc .
return a list of extension instances for the setup ( ) call .
pollute the global namespace with symbols - > objects mapping .
create link from node1 to node2 and return intfs
get the value of the setting for the iis container .
return a relative version of a path
return a secure version of a filename .
enable privilege on token , if no token is given the function gets the token of the current process .
project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row - wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 .
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
get scheduler events for enabled integrations
restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values returns the original collection with all values converted to a ccx - aware state , using the provided ccx _ id
colorize text using ansicolor ref : URL
grab a lock on job : analyze _ analytics and call runonce .
returns the ip address contained in the http _ x _ forwarded _ for header , if present .
given an index , find the level lenght for each element .
decorator for methods that apply a brick to inputs .
decorator to update the instance _ info _ cache
template settings for ecuador eq :
collapse a list of ip objects .
yield pieces of data from a file - like object until eof .
reject false discovery rate correction for pvalues
fails if anything changed that isnt listed in the expected _ changes .
principal components with eigenvector decomposition similar to princomp in matlab
separates an array along a given axis .
computes the additive chi - squared kernel between observations in x and y
test creating a working copy at a default target location .
if the transport _ url is present in the cell , derive username , rpc _ host , and rpc _ port from it .
convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries
return the functions for the dynamic grains and the values for the static grains .
return a list of slot names for a given class .
wrap a methods as a javascript function .
creates an instance of the appropriate entry class from the xml string contents .
set a variable in the make . conf
test bipolar referencing .
get the text until the first bracket , if any .
writes back all dirty pages to disk and clears all the caches .
given a username query parameter , find matches for users in the forum for this course .
return list of all the vms and their state .
used for testing
context processor that provides a csrf token , or the string notprovided if it has not been provided by either a view decorator or the middleware
read in an sff file header .
vectorize the call to a function .
returns a bound query ( a pair ) for the given schema and query expression .
outputs an expires header for delta from now .
creates a protobuf request for a createcluster request .
removes all $ ( ) syntax formatting codes from the input string and returns it .
catch warnings in a with block in a list
update the aggregates name and optionally availability zone .
return the list of plugins to render in the toolbar .
calculate the nesting count of google doc lists
used as optparse callback for reaping a variable number of option args .
a class decorator used to inject providers into consumers .
returns the timestamp of rev , or none if cannot be determined .
returns last purchase details in stock uom
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
map a real path to an hdfs : / / / uri .
return the lone class contained by * module * , or raise a descriptive
computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1 : b1 range string .
extracts song name from a filepath .
return the full request uri , optionally including the query string
compute matrix logarithm of an upper triangular matrix .
split * sql * into single statements .
stop a service .
the tomcat watcher function .
notification on new string to translate .
get a format _ control object .
convert 6 - part time tuple into datetime object .
decorator that injects the decorated function into the target class .
return whether the given object is a scalar or string like .
solves a system of equations using reduced row echelon form given a matrix of coefficients , a vector of variables and a vector of constants .
custom get _ identifier method used for testing the setting haystack _ identifier _ module
remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module
basic or advanced indexing with a tuple .
get a clipped and simplified loop path .
return a tuple of
convert iso - like formatted datestring to datetime object .
build the text of the file and write the file .
convert a datetime to the utc timezone .
returns a list of pids for the named process .
read coil definition .
check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages
find a configuration path that may exist at different defaults .
upload transcripts for current module .
binds the configuration for the module to the given data .
load a dos . yaml file or string and return a dosinfoexternal object .
builds the vmdk detach config spec .
allows the client to configure replies to commands .
get all text inside a xml element element : a xml element either created with elementtree . elementtree or xml . dom . minidom mini _ dom : default false use elementtree , true use minidom
broadcasts a tensor to a number of gpus .
decodes a string from collectd network format .
embed an image into the items media file .
for a predicative adjective , returns the attributive form .
suppress warnings when not running under trial .
notify a favorite event
display an openid response .
this check matches the value to any of a set of options .
removes a " follow " relationship .
convert text to printable unicode string .
reverse intervals for traversal from right to left and from top to bottom .
compile the expression * expr * .
return the directed modularity matrix of g .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for requested operation .
build command list required for vlan configuration
transform all base vectors in base vectors of a specified coord basis .
returns an cleaned url starting with a scheme and folder with trailing / or an empty string
tuple of the windows handles for .
a decorator constructor return a specific decorator based on information given
get the computers configured local timezone , if any .
restful crud controller
list the packages currently installed in a dict : : { : } removed
return timestamp for start of next month
constant : iconst | fconst | cconst
rotate multiple images with the same arguments , randomly or non - randomly .
the pidfile should normally be removed after a process has finished , but when sending certain signals they remain , so we need to clean them manually .
set some custom headers across all http responses .
clone a remote bazaar repository into a new directory .
executes an api method call and returns the response object .
returns true if deletions should be throttled and false otherwise .
plot each original data point discretely .
entry point to the backends cache .
i return some random data .
compute time - frequency representation using dpss tapers .
determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
process additional ip adds and append then to hosts as needed .
given a string mapping values for true , false and none , returns one of those strings according to the value :
curator for elasticsearch indices .
datalist item renderer for updates on the incident profile page .
return the appropriate logging config dictionary .
uninstall a dism capability
stubs out the httplib . httprequest . getresponse to return faked - out data instead of grabbing actual contents of a resource
parse icmpv6 options and return
return the ip address of the current host .
create an unversioned copy of a tree .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
returns members of a group .
get horizontal segment lists inside loops .
get the split line before a bracket or semicolon .
given an iterable , enumerate its contents for a user to choose from .
get service account name of the app .
make edge table where each sample is connected to the otus found in it .
process the target .
return a pair consisting of two datasets , the first being the training and the second being the test dataset .
crop the central of image , and normailize it for test data .
grabs a random word from wordnik . com
convert a datetime tuple to an
get the loops if fill is on , otherwise get the outlines .
get a list of the powershell modules which are potentially available to be imported .
returns a datetime adjusted to a timezone :
abort program because of cherrypy troubles
setup a mqtt json light .
check whether expected and pyname are the same
return count of trigonometric functions in expression .
select an item by path , update fields and save .
determine if systemd is running path path to the container parent . .
gives a power series solution to a second order homogeneous differential equation with polynomial coefficients at a regular point .
returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes .
converts the argument into an integer .
return the displayed line ranges based on virtual line numbers .
return a monotonically increasing integer .
return a random graph using the partial duplication model .
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
return true if the instance name passed in matches the aws instance naming pattern .
dump full db into target folder
summary table for parameters that are 2d , e . g . multi - equation models
determines whether there is an extension that can preview the resource .
prints an ascii version of the personal logo of nerdingoff
returns the start and end timestamps based on command line flags .
submit a job to the datapusher .
returns a tensor with uniform distribution # arguments shape : a tuple of integers , the shape of tensor to create .
handle scaling and cropping the source image .
check the vlim .
read and return the contents of a file in a single file . read ( ) .
confirmation view generator for the " comment was posted / flagged / deleted / approved " views .
return the iscsi target given a volume info .
constructs the br _ service url .
helper function to format and parse linode data
displays the template validator form , which finds and displays template syntax errors .
remove tags from a file .
applies a bilinear function based on given parameters .
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
create lowpass 2d butterworth filter .
parse the grammar of a pattern and build a queryset with it .
removes installed alternative for defined and or fallback to default alternative , if some defined before .
given a scalainferreddepssources object and its inferred dependencies , create scalasources .
detect and convert the character encoding to utf - 8 .
lock a file using flock ( 2 ) for the duration of a with statement .
parse acceptance tests from json
converts the given data into a panel .
write the given version number to the given _ version . py file .
return whether we should recreate the given db .
return true if pil image in palette mode is grayscale .
reads node activity from pre - generated popular projects and registrations .
get the wrapped pydoc hypertext help .
find parameters in the given fields
get the path to the program files folder .
write a single uniprot - goa record to an output stream .
helper class to raise parser errors .
logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace .
for coordinate sequence operations .
evaluate the expression value .
bartlett decomposition of the wishart distribution .
this is just a wrapper around html / latex _ output _ graph to make it easier to handle errors and insert warnings .
compute the survey report for a course and upload the generated report to an s3 bucket for download .
set the given properties on an instance and update it .
create a new html element .
get the bounded latitude . later get rounded
tests the creation of a file extension
checks the cursor if specified is a string which is not too long .
solve regularized least squares using information from qr - decomposition .
add the current users profile to the template context .
return a boolean indicating whether given document exists
returns the view to be used for csrf rejections
parses an http accept - * header .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
load an empty po file
inspect the received list of repository _ dependencies tuples and return boolean values for has _ repository _ dependencies and has _ repository _ dependencies _ only _ if _ compiling _ contained _ td .
if inp is a url mapping , returns a function that calls handle .
linux uses a normal path .
bad header without initial # % ecsv x . x
load a file containing email aliases .
attempt to find featured artists in the items artist fields and return the results .
compute averages / p - vales of two samples , print results nicely
helper function to draw random integers .
init _ declarator _ list : init _ declarator
let pyramid _ multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration .
we test that using different ephemerides gives very similar results for transformations
only load the module if apache is installed .
iteratively get on obj for each key in path .
recursively list files under path on the specified ssh host .
prefix the basename with " icons : " so that git - colas icons are found " icons " is registered with qts resource system during install ( ) .
return the keypair to use
given task name , remove repeating module names .
set a user _ agent string in the config based on the choice of plugins .
ttl = time to live in seconds .
returns the dashboard interface .
get configuration dictionary suitable for use in the instantiation of an iblockdeviceapi implementation .
puts ( ) shouldnt print input to sys . stdout if " user " output level is off
find the form element
performs a reset operation on the managed server .
escape a string for an xml cdata section .
formats data report , writes log output _ dir : output directory input _ fasta _ fp : input fasta filepath , used to generate log name fasta _ report : dictionary of percentages for different checks
returns the error message msg if config . debug is true otherwise returns none which will cause werkzeug to provide a generic error message
get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package
return a formatted string indicating the size in bytes , with the proper unit , e . g . kb , mb , gb , tb , etc .
returns none if an error
get a file or directory to a local temporary directory .
singular value decomposition .
if requirejs is loaded on the page , this function will pause
helper function for prefetch _ related functionality
insert python source listings into the given document from files in the given directory based on c { py - listing } nodes .
partial replacement for ~ numpy . core . records . fromrecords which includes a workaround for the bug with unicode arrays described at : URL
checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known
extract numa topology from myriad instance representations .
set enabled properties on all objects .
indent and justify text , rejustify if specified
get all the inner text of a dom node .
require a postgresql server to be installed and running .
require the nginx web server to be installed and running .
returns none if not found other functions that begin with do _ raise also this do _ type function passes white space
convert a string of kana to roomaji .
execute the http request to the api
check if a server is enabled globally
checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project .
import given fabfile path and return .
by marking test with chdir flag we will change current working directory to that module location .
checks if a computer is joined to the domain .
partitions a test suite by test case , preserving the order of tests .
prepare the data on horizontal shift of the viewport .
return true if the task is mutable in this context .
returns a form for a new genericdatasetjob
test legend for polycollection using stackplot
a function to list an existing profile .
roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the transaction management state of the connection .
create a user .
definition : literal
returns minutes and seconds string for given time in seconds
output parameter names and values to the log file .
takes a fastqfile , generates fasta and qual file ( s ) fasta _ file _ path : filepath of input fastq file .
based on the configuration wrap app in a set of common and useful middleware .
returns true if provided time can be parsed in iso format to a datetime tuple
check one line docstring end .
create a networkx graph for the tree specified by the given layout
create a new wiki page , which is a document and a revision .
total number of online cpus in the local machine
test to ensure that the start _ line method of htmlheader returns the first line of header data .
returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
scan across staged , modified , etc .
print information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a folder or vapp with depth protection
returns whether the app is installed in django , it means , it is in installed _ apps settings
get the evaluated int by keys .
checks if a given byte content range is valid for the given length .
return a bipartite graph from two given degree sequences using a
remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime .
internal wrapper around mysqldb cursor . execute ( ) function
get the shape of lst after slicing : slices is a list of slice objects .
test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
gets prefix to use when constructing xqueue _ callback _ url .
create a database name
convert a sequence or a dictionary to a list of xml unicode strings .
return default style name for a given directory .
find the indices of the n largest values of a numpy array .
returns a boolean reflecting a human - entered string .
sort the specified records , using cumulative python sorting .
customizes the given type to be a mandatory one .
make a web call to the github api and deal with paginated results .
set the entry in the aliases file for the given alias , this will overwrite any previous entry for the given alias or create a new one if it does not exist .
returns a list of the names of all available plugins .
get detailed fixed ip info by address or raise if it does not exist .
insert a new transform into the pipeline after or before an instance of the given class .
return a list of all available services
runs the example .
return a pseudo random number .
build the group name given the project and group id .
run a query on a cassandra cluster and return a dictionary .
inverse permutation p
returns the vector with feature weights normalized so that their sum is 1 . 0 .
add the abridged settings to a repository writer .
all arguments except for server _ hostname , ssl _ context , and ca _ cert _ dir have the same meaning as they do when using : func : ssl . wrap _ socket .
return first position not before pos which contains a non - whitespace character .
display the progress of a project
save all matplotlib figures .
this will translate a block of text with parameters .
compute the trimmed minimum
remove sent emails .
return true if the image is mutable in this context .
returns the line of text containing loc within a string , counting newlines as line separators .
for debugging and analysis : summarise the files biff records .
obtain a colormap
get module data for the module view desk / # module / [ name ]
escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute / argument
custom view for geoexplorer
figure out what worker were running on , and the number of jobs its running
get the complex by the first two words .
calculate all normalized central image moments up to a certain order .
log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
modify nose output to make it easy to use in doctests .
return the byte in 7 - or 8 - bit code table identified by c { column } and c { row } .
helper for testing .
the great missing equivalence function : guaranteed evaluation to a single bool value .
validate database engine for dbinstance
transform list into a heap , in - place , in o ( len ( x ) ) time .
should exit when with absolute path if not exists
convert text into a name object .
a page with a list of tasks in progress
return a dictionary of forums - oriented actions and the users permission to perform them
returns a 1 - in - n binary encoding of a non - negative integer .
sends the password reset notice email for the specified user .
check that the request is an ajax request .
uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests .
copy files from a remote host to another remote host by udp .
get connected paths from paths .
allocate a new elastic ip address and associate it with your account .
adds a 2d convolution followed by an optional batch _ norm layer .
create a new clip in the selected slot of if none exists , using a given creator object .
this allows the client an oob way to inform us about its name and capabilities .
serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions .
sort weights of the a layer .
returns a form field for a db . userproperty .
send an email to a user added or removed as a beta tester .
authenticate using a mysql user table
converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
the humanized datetime of the last update to an object
get a string marquee option value .
test if proxies should not be used for a particular host .
returns the log base 2 of * n * if * n * is a power of 2 , zero otherwise .
allow for boto3 not being installed when using these utils by wrapping botocore . exceptions instead of assigning from it directly .
function for deleting cloud networks
test event - matched spatial filters .
retrieves the deployment _ config _ file config item .
gets the storage type mode .
return true if the given object has a database identity .
simulate the env and agent for max _ episode _ steps
example taken from
sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
a callback handler for the controlconnection that tolerates weak references .
checks if the specified bank contains the specified key .
define a l2loss , useful for regularize , i . e . weight decay .
send the given signal
helper function used by averageontimepertimestep .
draws an index given an array of probabilities .
returns a translated string .
get fds for audit log files created between now - offset and now .
returns a list with all exploration ids matching the given search query string , as well as a search cursor for future fetches .
verify that the named directories are in place and that the environment can shake the salt
sign correction to ensure deterministic output from svd .
return bytes count from a human readable string
this only works on linux , and only if the / proc / $ pid / statm output is the same as that in linux kernel 2 . 6 .
a tag that doesnt even think about escaping issues
helper method to check whether a number is too short to be a regular length phone number in a region .
test simple install and uninstall .
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an sports format .
returns a template . node subclass .
returns whether the targets are in the top k predictions # arguments predictions : a tensor of shape batch _ size x classes and type float32 .
load a module , and sort out the callables and shutdowns
takes a git commit hash and returns a dataframe of benchmark results
check encoder value is acceptable .
function to insert an html element into another html fragment example : html = paragraph1paragraph2 . . . element = read more - - - > paragraph1paragraph2 . . . read more
sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order .
format money amount according to current locale settings .
returns all flavors .
save the order of cards in columns
renders the post azure authorization page .
generate a key pair then accept the public key .
this is a useful method if you need to print out the alarm morefs
wrapper around elementtree . fromstring with some extras .
return an istatechange that immediately does nothing .
the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 .
writes a renewal config file with the specified name and values .
give folder tree and its files their proper permissions
send an http request and return a json object if no error occurred .
gets a photometer class by name .
test apply function verbosity
generate a swiss roll dataset .
sends an icmpv6 neighbor solicitation message to get the mac address of the neighbor with specified ipv6 address addr .
attempt to perform completion .
ensure we have an iterable which is not a string or an iterator
project version detail page
fetch a task entity by id
maps a tree - like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable _ type .
return a list of from a line of the form " name = value . . . " .
zig - zag decodes an integer value .
the arctangent of a series
fetch historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
creates kernel / ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
escapes an iri value for use in a url .
converts an absolute native path to a file url .
return a list of binomial coefficients as rows of the pascals triangle .
cuckoo main loop .
recursively attach hass to all template instances in list and dict .
helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name .
substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements .
returns a sqlalchemy query object containing the result of querying model for instances whose primary key has the value pk _ value .
when passed an iterable of objects , does nothing , otherwise , it returns a list with just that object in it .
convert uri to file path .
check if pip _ is installed .
a smarter { % if % } tag for django templates .
get rectangular grid .
main module function
decode hexadecimal encoded password but only decode when prefixed
convert some python types to their
a dispatcher for the packet list field which manage the configuration to fin dthe appropriate class
convert a date string to a time tuple .
find the vcvarsall . bat file
return a function that filters a dictionary .
sets an instance of : class : auth in the request registry .
get all volumes belonging to a project .
write the fft features to separate files to speed up processing .
run ping test on 64 - node tree networks .
try to obtain cached output .
wrap long lines to the specified limit
same as above , except also masks out tab and newline .
asynchronously save the dataset to disk
expand ~ and ~ user constructions .
given a module instance this tries to find the best possible application in the module or raises an exception .
return a target _ update - compliant tuple for the given manpage .
install the scalar coercion methods
return a yes / no value , or none if the input is invalid
run the unit tests .
pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything , but simply returns an empty list .
print out a human readable format for the parameterized tests
wsgi middleware application that applies a chain of response rewriters .
find metadata for a single track .
given a valid config , create a function .
depth first search of dask graph
compare software package versions
run a command in a subprocess , given as a list of command - line arguments .
turn a message object into a list of wsgi - style headers .
get the evaluated value as a float by keys .
only timestamp and message
the aitchison - aitken kernel , used for unordered discrete random variables .
delete a cache cluster .
get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes .
adapted from django , needed for urlencoding
unpublicizes an collection .
given a sequence of parameters in the order as should be considered for processing and an iterable of parameters that exist , this returns a list in the correct order as they should be processed .
cache node individually . .
obtain interface information for windows systems
finds contiguous true regions of the boolean array " condition " .
assign panels auto - incrementing ids .
list all compute nodes verbose : boolean print additional information about the node
api endpoint for deleting language pack which fetches the language code which has to be deleted .
creates inverse ar filter recursively
clone a directory using hard links for the files , dest must already exist
find the column names mapping when merging the list of structured ndarrays arrays .
converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types .
controller to handle deletes in ckeditor
determines the astropy cache directory name and creates the directory if it doesnt exist .
split actions into chunks by number or size , serialize them into strings in the process .
strongly inspired from idlelib . colordelegator . make _ pat
to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
set new connection pool limit .
create indent on reaching reorder level
spawns a new thread .
returns whether the described attribute of an anchor ( a ) tag should be whitelisted .
runs through the config . txt looking for a specific setting and replaces the existing values when they are found .
show the details from parallels concerning an image
build contrast matrices for products of two categorical variables this is an experimental script and should be converted to a class
returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word
the root of a course wiki is / .
list available group volumes .
execute command in a subshell , return status code .
get redis keys , supports glob style patterns
convert two strings such as " lcom / mwr / example / sieve / addentryactivity ; " and " oncreate " into a beautiful : ) string to display xrefs : " lcom / mwr / example / sieve / addentryactivity ; - > oncreate "
validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance .
returns true if distinct ( ) should be used to query the given lookup path .
go through package list and , if any packages have more than one virtual package marker and no actual package versions , remove all virtual package markers .
perform analysis / synthesis using the sinusoidal model inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
send notification after event export
ensure that csharp can new up a python type that has a parameterless constructor .
check for missing blank lines after class declaration .
gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size .
fast fastq to fasta conversion .
get the largest inset loop from the loop , even if the radius has to be shrunk and even if there is still no inset loop .
continuous confidence interval from sample size and standard error
encode and sign a pickle - able object .
validates whether the user can view the subscribers of a stream .
copy a clean sqlite template database .
check that the item is in the course tree .
returns a list of duty officers for a given time or now if none given
make an extension for an adjustedarraywindow specialization .
write the mfcc to separate files to speed up processing .
download the data from yanns website , unless its already here .
enforces that no file is modified comparing against a previously defined snapshot identified by number .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
armors a der - encoded byte string in pem
convert the list of header lines into a dictionary
a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled
makes a value out of iterable if it is a list or tuple itself > > > unarrayizevalue u1
wrapper for request _ response , which will return a feed object .
minimize over alpha , the function phi .
create certificate files key , req and cert prefixed by c { basename } for given c { organization } and c { organizationalunit } .
mark fn for profiling .
apply all the process _ request and process _ view capable middleware configured into the given request .
factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate .
fake a pathname .
return text padded out to a multiple of block _ size bytes .
restart a vm by gracefully shutting it down and then restarting it
use this function to get the users original filename .
report available example datasets , useful for reporting issues .
load output of a computation .
encode a number in base x num : the number to encode alphabet : the alphabet to use for encoding
return a configured instance of the appropriate ofs driver .
convert from color tuple to home assistant rgb list .
returns the connection details of the following proxies : esxi
only works on windows systems with the _ winreg python module
downloads a website icon from the location passed to the task .
convert a json topic to the native object .
check if there are manual updates required .
some ipython tests with random output .
calculate and return the tm using the wallace rule .
converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
steps that match named groups takes them as parameters
imports the message storage class described by import _ path , where import _ path is the full python path to the class .
add the user to the instructor group of the course so they will have the permissions to see it in studio
make the virtual env at revision active .
create a dataset .
return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
for models which have multiple site classes , find the proportion of the alignment assigned to each class .
channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 1 . 6
actually call the clustering algorithm .
global hook to rebuild a given class from its _ _ reduce _ _ arguments .
helper method to get header values from a requests meta dict , if present .
check if were running in an interactive shell returns true if running under python / ipython interactive shell
returns an instance of the redis client
return the entry in the dictionary for the given language information .
wait for a list of file descriptors to become ready for reading .
return all metrics
converts nodes of type from _ type to nodes of type to _ type .
generate a sample , using either beam search or stochastic sampling
send after event mail
returns the sha1 hash of the modulus of a public key in a cert
generator that will sleep between each yield .
these type of equation is used for describing the horizontal motion of a pendulum taking into account the earth rotation .
convert emr _ api _ params into a mockemrobject .
returns requested filter _ params string .
gets the value of the users course tag for the specified key in the specified course _ id .
cracks cap file using aircrack - ng
annotates the tokens with lemmata for plural nouns and conjugated verbs , where each token is a [ word , part - of - speech ] list .
query consul for all keys / values within base path
evaluate a polynomial at x _ 0 = a in k [ x ] using the horner scheme .
the ribes from
generate the environment variables used for defining a docker link .
create a proxy for an interface which builds the wrapped object lazily .
use this function when threads are being used .
a view decorator that adds " cookie " to the vary header of a response .
get a value from the vault service
will return list of requirements regarding any exams that have been marked as proctored exams .
returns current locales direction .
given a path - like unicode string , produce a legal path .
parse a blobinfo record from file upload field _ storage .
utility method to convert comma delimited field
runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data .
build an rpm
lints a group of files using a given rcfile .
use the rest api to convert a userid to a screen name .
find special comments in the config .
implement where ( ) for arrays .
initialise the oslo _ messaging layer .
execute the salt - ssh system
returns an array of zeros that will be used to store the accumulated sum of images
determine whether the named distribution uses systemd .
only load if grafana v2 . 0 is configured .
home a gcode linear move text .
return dummy admin metadata .
clear out the database
confine this module to non - windows systems with the required execution module available .
concatenate an object / categorical array of arrays , each of which is a single dtype
find the first parent of a device that implements the parent _ type
call receiver with arguments and an appropriate subset of named
parses command - line arguments .
ensure that a cib - file with the content of the current live cib is created
computes the fundamental matrix from corresponding points using the 8 point algorithm .
create a wamp - over - xxx transport factory .
convert all named and numeric character references in the string s to the corresponding unicode characters .
get vector3 from multiplier , prefixes and xml element .
shut down exception and warning logging and clear all
make machine presentable for outside world .
use coffeescript multiline hack URL
a decorator that adds an expose _ request flag to the underlying callable .
amend the global configuration object with command line options .
write the videoclip to a gif file , without temporary files .
load observatory database from data . astropy . org and parse into a siteregistry
unregister a named path - ie , a named pythonpath entry .
return the data for a specific job id that is currently running .
checks for updates to the sdk .
for image backends - is not required
create a testcase for iremotevolumemanager .
execute a runner on the master and return the data from the runnr function
mutable named tuple to allow attribute to be replaced .
return a list of refs that can be used as environments
additive coupling with masked convolution .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
return a class from a module , given the modules path .
writes last traceback into specified log .
returns the given html with spaces between tags removed .
subscribe to basket action .
given a type and name return an instantiated provider .
make sure prompt is displayed .
get the plugins directory path .
obtain codon frequency dict from two codon list .
return the absolute and relative errors between two numbers .
format the data for printing stage information from the overstate system
create ec2 compatible instance by provided uuid .
browse the argument , or the main dictionary
returns true if the password matches the supplied hash .
load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
set a medias vod muxer .
clear the parse cache and the quoters cache .
generate a lookup dictionary from an otu map
add a pretty printer for a type specified by the module and name of a type rather than the type object itself .
create a new wx app or return an exiting one .
coefficients for the spherical bessel functions .
try and get the url from the config , else return localhost
guess a locale , basing on windows language .
collects information from otu table for easy use in following steps
analyse a python source code file with jedi .
write the string table xml .
find the latest known interest rate for a given duration within a date range .
returns the path of the file used to cache update data , and ensures that it exists .
create an association , raise if it already exists .
only work on proxy
removes the system metadata prefix for a given server type from the start of a header key .
find all jetpack files that arent disabled .
parabolic sar - extended
get all scene exceptions for a show id
load the authentication manager chosen in configuration .
get a : class : thumbnailer for a source file .
get simple argparse parser to determine package .
convert an excel cell reference string in a1 notation to numeric row / col notation .
builds a graph of functions and variables backward - reachable from outputs .
clear the cached data / files for the targeted minions .
disable a rabbitmq plugin via the rabbitmq - plugins command .
populates the sidebar with .
sort an iterable .
determine whether a named value exists in the grains dictionary .
get a ~ astropy . coordinates . skycoord for the earths moon as observed from a location on earth .
direct _ declarator : direct _ declarator lparen identifier _ list rparen
setup the available bloomsky weather binary sensors .
function to try and layout label co - ordinates .
attractively display a given message structure .
ensure a pipeline with the service _ name does not exist name
get next z and add extruder loops .
compute the adamic - adar index of all node pairs in ebunch .
return the argument text , unchanged .
restore simplified lookups .
create a file with given content and permissions .
transform expressions into a multinomial form given generators .
helper method that raises usernotauthorized if requesting user is not owner user or is not staff if access to staff is given
use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet - rtr2 .
compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g .
images - numchannels - number of filter / color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites
return a list of the images that are on the provider .
remove senderkey from connections .
dummy to retain interface - compatibility with other operating systems .
returns a list of roots of a binomial polynomial .
same as os . chown function but accepting user login or group name as argument .
add $ readpreference to spec when appropriate .
get a string which should describe an event sequence .
this is a cut - down version of the create _ object ( ) function , optimized for speed .
utility function to colour - code severity options
gets the internal product name for the given profile .
a string containing a formula .
this function compares two mlp with a single mlp composed of the two mlps and a flattener layer .
set the chost variable
set the current event loop object .
fetches all notes associated with user _ id .
create control and data networks , and invoke the cli
format a string for screen printing .
this will generate a function that is registered as either module _ name or name .
return apply profiling informaton .
perform the kolmogorov - smirnov test for goodness of fit .
evaluates the logarithm to the base 10 of an interval
custom method to select new deployables
return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list _ users .
set scene numbering for a season / episode .
compute harmonic centrality for nodes .
returns a cache key based on the request url and query .
parses a key , which may or may not contain a list of ssh - key options at the beginning rank indicates the keys original ordering , so that it can be written out in the same order .
get the request type of a modbus request .
declaration _ specifiers : type _ qualifier
square - free norm of f in k [ x ] , useful over algebraic domains .
gets the naive datetime of the certificates not _ before field .
collapse a list of ip objects .
format an disc serial number .
split the string text using shell - like syntax
parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content .
return the handler for the command with the given name .
makes a stream limited .
with the django model class model _ class and the given queryset , construct a formset process its submission .
converts between supported time formats .
add a value to the named set
return a list of app labels for all installed applications which have models
returns whether the given request was made by an open edx mobile web view using a session cookie .
edit a thread .
send an image . send message to the notifier .
match plugin to prefix .
parses the configuration and creates options the statement .
return a list of services that are enabled or available .
classify many images and show the top n images per category by confidence
return the legal footer links .
evaluate a quadratic spline at the new set of points .
generate linearly spaced control points from a set of colors .
notifications for doctypes
create a new pull subscription on the given topic .
set elementnode attribute dictionary to a tilt following path from the start to end .
used as the upload _ to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload _ to _ handlers setting .
produce schema from ndb model class .
expand an unit into a qualified form .
decodes and integer from serialization
shortcut to call ssh on a hadoop node via subprocess .
compare width of ascii tables in a list and calculate padding values .
labeled _ statement : default colon statement
convert a list of images into a network input .
read nih _ image _ header tag from file and return as numpy . rec . array .
this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton .
post to create a resource class .
load a templatetag library on multiple django versions .
returns profile fields as a dict for the given user .
returns a random tournament graph on n nodes .
receive min _ grade _ requirement _ status signal and update minimum grade requirement status .
set the factory to be used when instantiating a log record .
create execution log entry object for the provided execution status .
recover all the workers in the modjk load balancer
calculates total g + c content plus first , second and third positions .
show user credentials returned from auth
get resource permissions for the given lambda function
add in all of the host associations into inventory .
makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
ensures token precence , token type , expiration and scope in params .
convert timeout to seconds
context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment _ .
converts a reference propertyvalue to a key .
cleans cookies from a given cookie jar
creates datastore config to use in write operations .
drop tps with no directories .
assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed , a
returns true if sequence is a valid degree sequence .
enable unattended package installation by preseeding debconf parameters .
get the sql db table schema for the given frame .
merge b into a recursively , without overwriting values .
read reseller _ prefix option and associated options from configuration
get valid parts of utf - 8 str from str , unicode and even invalid utf - 8 str
restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which doesnt yet support filtering to just updateable sites - used by site _ contact _ person ( ) - used by s3optionsfilter
check all on - the - fly md5sums of a set
generate sparse sources time courses from data _ fun .
calculates the medcouple robust measure of skew .
decorator for adding a socket to a function .
check if a conda package is installed .
decorate a record - style method where self is a recordset , but its contents is not relevant , only the model is .
hash a password with the given method and salt with with a string of the given length .
instantiates the class and populates members according to the tree .
removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
convert an excel style coordinate to tuple
get list from a bracketed string .
implementation of the flocker - container - agent command line script .
find closest ansi color .
converts a python string with an asn . 1 object id in dotted form to a
return a list of ipv6 routes than can be used by scapy .
register all blueprints defined in the views folder
checks if an object behaves iterably .
publish real - time updates
add two numbers .
replace the matched sgml entity .
utility function for testing imputation for a given strategy .
subroutine of compute _ md5 ( )
get all security groups .
show the calendar in rainbow mode
function for deleting cloud networks
parse the user line
check if the tipc module is loaded
complete surface information .
reverse urls from application contents
sets a label on a function so we can run tests with different types .
logout from a target .
create dataframes for exploring a fitted model as a function of one variable .
populate preprintprovider to test database for testing .
creates and writes the props file for cytoscape to automate coloring
determine if this course is allowed to run unsafe code .
escape all special characters .
a generalized addition
retrieves a list of the current connections for a given process .
predicate must be a function that takes the arguments and returns true iff the link should be removed
create local s3 image represented by provided uuid .
recursive wrapper to compute fps .
creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
print a remote call debug message
print a number of unread messages
convolve x with y
check if y is in a multilabel format .
adds language for db
disable profile collection in the current context .
retrieve user playlists .
get the verbose name for a given field _ name .
checks if there is a continuous range
builder for rebulk object .
checks if the given data contains a comment field that is not initializable by the requesting user
routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile
blend images using constant transparency weight .
execute the given template def , capturing the output into a buffer .
return an adapter factory for ob from registry
get the migrations list of specified server .
parses a pip requirements file and returns a list of packages .
return a list with all the pids of a process tree
applies exact match filtering to a query .
this encodes a unicode string back to byte - representation , for printing , writing to disk etc .
test checking out from svn .
retrieves the rights for this collection from the datastore .
validates that value is true , false , true , or false .
decorator for marking tests service requirements , if requirements are not met in the configuration file test is marked as skipped .
solve nonlinear equation with the df - sane method
return the correct fill value for the dtype of the values
this function takes a string and returns a python object
creates a master key .
create a technical 404 error response .
a more permissive chr ( )
collapse subtrees with a single child into a new non - terminal joined by joinchar .
populate a dictionary of unigram features , reflecting the presence / absence in the document of each of the tokens in unigrams .
check to make sure all values match the given target note : this is not a test , it is used by tests
make a tracking function that logs what happened .
return the words example graph from the stanford graphbase
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
prints error messages to stderr
ec2 - classic sgs should never use rfc - 1918 cidrs
decorator for manager methods that raise expected exceptions .
dedent next strings , use only if you use indent otherwise than as a context .
helper to compare bem surfaces
setup the mysensors component .
verify a command runs with an exit code of 0 .
allows you to configure log handlers from the commandline .
returns the jacobi symbol .
retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it .
read the link from / etc / alternatives
return a list of command - line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . flags and sys . warnoptions .
construct a proxyinfo from a url
checks for sudo / administrator privileges
search queries fast , but it is a very expensive operation .
given a devices path and a data directory , yield for all files in that directory
add service to keystone service catalog
serialize object to json string .
locate an object by name or dotted path , importing as necessary .
list valid grimoire collection .
take a get _ prompt _ tokens function and return three new functions instead .
ensure that there are min _ nodes in the party at name , optionally blocking if not available .
subtracts two vectors componentwise
replaces space character ( ) with a pound character ( # ) followed by a new line (
compute the exact fisher information matrix of a gaussian distribution , given its covariance matrix .
initialize the url completion model .
generate a string for an albuminfo or trackinfo object that provides context that helps disambiguate similar - looking albums and tracks .
get all profilers .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
setup the nest thermostat component .
a helper function to get set all the info about a device from a handle
sign a packaged app .
perform embossing of image img .
compute the meg and eeg forward solutions .
validate our arguments and exit if we dont have what we want .
lookup the root nameserver addresses using the given resolver
search adam consensus tree from multiple trees
removes the top level from the stack .
add from pixel table to the into pixel table .
convert the received hg10xx data stream to a json object .
set x and y appropriately and checks inputs for paired distances
require the git command - line tool .
a pre _ save signal handler which attaches an attribute to the model instance containing all uncommitted filefields , which can then be used by the
encodes text for raw use in html .
run a command on a remote host with sudo .
returns the current url
imports and returns module class from path . to . module . class argument
context processor that provides a csrf token , or the string notprovided if it has not been provided by either a view decorator or the middleware
dump data structure to str .
the received tool _ dependency must be in an error state .
perform a lr operation .
verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
return a * safe * weak reference to a callable target target - - the object to be weakly referenced , if its a bound method reference , will create a boundmethodweakref , otherwise creates a simple weakref .
test es2 gl backend for basic functionality .
return a * safe * weak reference to a callable target .
a wrapper around the heurisch integration algorithm .
sends a request via http ( s ) or ftp
run the celery process .
json decodes as unicode , jinja needs bytes . . .
a decorator used to say a test is too slow to run in debug mode .
gets the cifar - 10 dataset .
add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves , otherwise we might break
pohlig - hellman algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n .
turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider uuid .
sends a request via http ( s ) or ftp using urllib2 or urllib
this function lives at the module level .
probability density function computing p input is the mean , sample standard deviation for all the items in y , and x .
executes the given function , catches all exceptions and converts to a warning .
decrypts url - safe base64 encoded ciphertext
follow all redirects .
return * true * if one element of * seq * is * true * .
handle keyring script .
detach the specified zone .
create a standard interactive window unconditionally
create an | enumeration | object from a sequence of values .
create a subnet on a specified network .
determine if an instancemethod is a classmethod .
rename a document .
filter metadata namespaces based on the given resource types and properties target .
get the degree distribution of nodes with degree more than 2 .
shows the time from the usnos atomic clock .
read in the generated libvirt keys
remove all gems from a gemset .
returns an exception object
it computes the nmae , mae and rmse between predicted and actual ratings for users .
get vector3 from multiplier , prefix and xml element .
wrapper for turning off monitoring
underlying machinery for q function recursion
given a lookup string in the form of foo : bar : baz " return a nested dictionary of the appropriate depth with the final segment as a value .
read a sound file and convert it to a normalized floating point array filename : name of file to read returns fs : sampling rate of file , x : floating point array
get all perfdatas from a service or a host
mean squared error
returns set of users that contribute to registrations .
get the evaluated int .
returns a two - coloring of the graph .
comb a gcode linear move text .
raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
poweroff a running system
hide the menu indicator icon on buttons
if either input is a fraction , convert the other to a fraction .
run tests from a unittest . testsuite - derived class .
reads the state file , returning a dictionary .
make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
convert camelcase to snake _ case .
strips the last char _ to _ strip from input _ str if input _ str ends with char _ to _ strip .
returns es settings for this index
run controller method - old style
ensure that a pickle file gets written to disk .
returns a tensor with normal distribution # arguments shape : a tuple of integers , the shape of tensor to create .
execute a single state function with the named kwargs , returns false if insufficient data is sent to the command
remove refct api calls to null pointer
read flat channel rejection parameters from . cov or . ave config file .
create a new block cipher , configured in ocb mode .
function for drawing help window .
fetches a reference api html file in download directory
return a body quoted - printable encoding length .
return the click - through rate percentage .
parse options and run checks on python source .
return a sorted list of the groups with the most datasets .
get triangle mesh from elementnode , negatives and positives .
retrieve all customfields applicable to the given contenttype
returns the current page cache version , explicitly setting one if not defined .
a replacement for the old socket . ssl function .
render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as { { params } } .
get the area with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an area key .
check that the user has write access to the treeio . core module
setup as a sphinx extension .
create a loader class .
check if a path matches one or more patterns .
build a check _ precondition function that uses both the old precondition check as well as the new function fn cls : class whose check _ precondition should be used as a base fn : check _ precondition function to check
quit from the server .
return an username for new user .
ma representation of fractional integration . .
make sure the given line does exist in the bookmarks .
creates an input image tensor from the input _ pattern filenames .
module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification .
shows a simple menu .
initializes eventlet thread pool .
calculate final approximate percentiles given weighted vals vals _ and _ weights is assumed to be sorted .
splits a sff . txt file on barcode / mapping file .
multiplicative _ expression : multiplicative _ expression divide cast _ expression
register a table writer function .
parses a string set reference .
returns a list of tuples of all server groups .
encode a file .
create ec2 compatible snapshot by provided uuid .
delete an upstart service .
attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location
factor polynomials into irreducibles in k [ x ] .
calculates the endpoints of the links as well as the labels for the the dendrogram rooted at the node with index i .
read a fragment spec file ( available from
replacement for userrel to be used during migrations away from the system .
add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id .
recursively compute the size of files that need to be moved .
get compiled query
just like user _ messages , but avoiding the cache
get the mode of a file or directory .
if python 2 . x , return decorated function encoding unicode return value to utf - 8 ; else noop .
shows some statistics about the matched items .
reverse geocoding is the process of converting geographic coordinates into a human - readable address .
load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
reverse the effect of setup _ paste _ factories ( ) .
set user and group of workers processes
attempt to get the package id from a . pkg file
check if specified tag exist on the instance .
allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
youtime - - gets the total run time of the first youtube search result for .
byte - compile one python source file to python bytecode .
convert a snake _ case string to its pascalcase equivalent .
add orbits with the extruder off .
return a descriptor delegating to an attr of the original document .
initialize a home assistant server for testing this module .
decorate a function to memoize results by holding it in a cache that maps call arguments to returns .
reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine
mdadm provides raid functions for linux
return the first level directory of a path .
ensure that everything loads correctly .
return the list of all available template tag modules .
get hot links from specified srs .
returns an type representation for the given operator .
return those items of sequence for which predicate is false > > > def iseven ( x ) : . . .
install a certificate cert
django template tag that outputs the configured favicon : { % favicon _ path % }
creates a sqlalchemy query representing the given sqlalchemy functions .
translate exception into error message
sorts register dependencies .
returns an errorrates corresponding to the given counts .
check if an object is a cuda ndarray
register the device , in case some feature being tested depends on it .
rather than manually parsing block _ ids from module _ ids on the client , pass the block _ ids explicitly in the payload
takes a string that contains * valid * html and turns it into a python object structure that can be easily compared against other html on semantic equivilance .
load the subj dataset
gathers the logs between the start and endpoint .
internal method to make sure the connection state has been initialized .
given the cache directory , return the directory that process data is stored in , creating it if it doesnt exist .
add regexp function to sqlite connections .
flashes a message to the next request .
return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple .
get the plugins directory path .
given a middleware class , returns a view decorator .
make a websupport object and pass it the test .
corrcoef where * x * is a matrix returns a matrix of correlation coefficients for the columns of * x * corrcoef where * x * and * y * are vectors returns the matrix of correlation coefficients for * x * and * y * .
returns the text from a query node .
dirty hack to stop auth audit being done
set the global log file .
take a list of dicts which may itself contain some lists of dicts , and return a generator that will return just the dicts in sequence .
get the machines ip addresses
test various uptime strings
unescape glob pattern in string .
renders the html of the hidden post form that must be used to initiate a purchase with cybersource
function to update the viewer with a new visible batch .
executes given python code given in a string form
load only on minions that have the win _ pki module .
exclude bracket wrapping entry by filter .
a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet .
generate a temporal dataset containing sequences that overlap one or more elements with other sequences .
compares two python dictionaries at the top level and return differences da : first dictionary db : second dictionary
returns the error function at x .
combine matrices in [ , . . . ] and return new nexus instance .
update collections votes .
wait for user input
return 1 for leap years , 0 for non - leap years .
return jar file name for rdp classifier
system information type 8 section 9 . 1 . 42
this script is used to train the speaker - related models import audiotraintest as at at . trainspeakermodelsscript ( )
check if current line is inside constructor initializer list .
convert true and false to integer values 1 and 0 .
returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
test running ica twice .
unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3
update version and revision numbers .
sends login info to segment
ciphering mode complete section 9 . 1 . 10
taken from URL # itertools . product
dynamically load all modules from a given package .
return a tuple where each element gets divided by 255
cmp ( ) for debug levels , returns true if level1 is higher than level2 .
creates an image instance from a qimage image
a smaller - than - normal textarea to be used by the s3 . comments ( ) & gis . desc _ field reusable fields
update the status of the specified liveaction to the value provided in new _ status .
deletes message with the specified id .
plot the acitivities of a specific layer .
create a network interface
print system - related info , above the process list .
counts the number of cuda - capable gpus .
unwrap the x format column into a boolean array .
prepares an entity for storing .
wrapper to create right version of operator given left version
parses and the applications command line arguments .
get subscription information .
deletes the old feed items for which extension settings have been created .
updates this module with metadata inherited from a containing module .
check if string is valid octal number
return predefined results or raise an exception .
get all vertexes .
create a new route53 hosted zone .
decrement the indentation level by one .
check if file exists in the db .
set enrollment attributes for the enrollment of given user in the course provided .
return the unquoted value of a variable from a file . .
normalize path from posixpath . py , eliminating double slashes , etc .
data reduction within cells defined by a collection of tags
check db schema for integrity of text columns & translations .
disassociate a floating ip from a server . .
lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its streamreader class or factory function .
when given multiple non - existent keys , require ( ) aborts
return the number of logical cpus in the system ( same as os . cpu _ count ( ) in python 3 . 4 ) .
convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
returns a queue object tied to a redis connection
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
get geometry output by side loop .
simplifies a rational expression expr modulo the prime ideal generated by g .
returns all classes defined in the given module
return the memory usage of a process or piece of code
adds link rules for windows platform to | master _ ninja | .
unfollows one or more logs if followed .
return the high median of data .
returns a list of loops that are candidate for loop lifting
run a synchronous query using a query parameter
decorate a function and preserve the original name .
measures average times for exact neighbor queries .
adds the " vary " header in the given httpresponse object .
create an http health check configuration .
deflationary fastica using fun approx to neg - entropy function
return autotest version .
copy a file and its modification times , if possible .
changes the default _ region setting .
test computing the center of mass of a label
returns a search dict with information about the collection rights .
generate a table alias , consisting of all upper - case letters in the table name , or , if there are no upper - case letters , the first letter + all letters preceded by _ param tbl - unescaped name of the table to alias
check for errors , returns an enum .
lookup a celery queue object by its name
retrieve the given thread and build a serializer context for it , returning both .
converts lengths of which the plane cuts the axes to fraction .
change the currect request to the one specified by " name " .
get the notifications for android tv notification service .
performer to execute an http get .
generate ground truth and testing data
returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
helper method that checks whether the user has staff access to the course of the location .
estimate class weights for unbalanced datasets .
connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk .
returns a dictionary of fieldname - > infodict for the given table , where each infodict is in the format : { primary _ key : boolean representing whether its the primary key , unique : boolean representing whether its a unique index }
quality aware seqrecord comparison .
get first element of list or return default
average hinge loss
test that environment variables in activate . d show up when activated
get toplevel dir , project _ slug , and project dir from baked cookies
this will cancel a shipment that has been sent
search and replace for expressions in files
group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides
an implementation of the rudin - osher - fatemi denoising model using the numerical procedure presented in eq .
returns the length of introns between fragments .
return messages for disabled states that match state functions in funs .
return a string to use as job prefix
initialize the server logging configuration .
generate mne coil locs and save to supplied file .
extract kind name from _ _ kind _ _ key .
returns true if and only if the specified exception represents a conflict in the database .
copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
extract messages from a specific file .
get princial details
asserts that the response is an errors response with a single error object whose detail message contains all of the given strings .
returns true if the given mac address is valid .
start a python shell and return a : class : replwrapper object .
open serial port for snap reprap communications
tower a gcode linear move file .
produce an engine configured by - - options with optional overrides .
split the module name into package name and module name .
returns score of an indel of p .
utility to format a timestamp in utc .
get a list of all fczm drivers .
send a simple notification to a user
unregister a previously registered security check .
detect whether the given path is within the tool _ dependency _ dir folder on the disk .
setup the sense hat sensor platform .
returns the domain where a condition is true .
test recovery of full data when no source is rejected .
return a string containing a traceback message for the given exc _ info tuple ( as returned by sys . exc _ info ( ) ) .
run procrustes analysis with random trials
generate _ _ init _ _ function based on tpayload . default _ spec
return whether or not given value is a valid iban code .
given a dict and a model class , update or create a sqlalchemy object .
batched insert statements via the orm " bulk " , using dictionaries .
return the current axis instance .
congestion control section 9 . 3 . 4
if an alloc is inside a dimshuffle which only adds dimension to the left , scrap the dimshuffle and adds 1 into the alloc dimshuffle { x , 0 , 1 } ( alloc = > alloc
redraw the current figure .
initiate the execer with a mocked nop load _ builtins
used for snapshot related method to ensure the image created in compute . api is deleted when an error occurs .
search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary .
guess the type of a file based on its url .
creates command for split _ libraries _ fastq . py all _ files : list of input filelpaths or dict of reads : demultiplexing _ method : either sampleid _ by _ file or mapping _ barcode _ files output _ dir : output directory to write split _ libraries _ fastq output , the directory has to exist before calling this function .
returns the color at a given distance between two colors
the pprint for classes and types .
perform pcoas on all distance matrices in the input _ dir
decorator that enforces policies .
user have no email set .
parse colon seperated values into a dictionary , treating lines lacking a colon as continutation lines .
add security headers .
find the horizontal edges of an image using the sobel transform .
monitor service via monit
implementation of the edmonds - karp algorithm .
takes a byterange spanning some segments and converts that into a byterange spanning the corresponding fragments within their fragment archives .
require bar test project .
return a symbolic constant with value x .
return a list of formatted as a string
load pkcs7 data from a buffer
returns list of iterables
make a control character
generate info refs .
turns a regex that matches a url back into a url by replacing the url patterns groups with the given args .
change the groups to which this user belongs name
applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary
restful crud controller
compute b ( s ) and a ( s ) from partial fraction expansion .
get nested index from collection
catches the signal that a course has been published in studio and updates the corresponding courseoverview cache entry .
returns map of seqs : unique representatives .
wrapper to tempfile . namedtemporaryfile ( ) disabling bufferring .
compares configured endpoints with the expected configuration and returns the differences .
change the home directory of the user
returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
we remove all the word generated index markup and replace it with our own that is more suitable for an ebook .
setup the mqtt switch .
send ctrl + d to hopefully exit .
view the manifest .
enables randomization of various pieces via context . randomize
gets the user _ id for a given username .
update port attributes .
find root of f in [ a , b ] .
simple helper for nt systems to replace slash syntax .
attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type .
return a listener that removes the first * pre * and last * post * lines of every docstring .
testing utility for capturing password reset requests .
return a string containing the information to display for the node n .
start running the given iterator as a long - running cooperative task , by calling next ( ) on it as a periodic timed event .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge .
returns the rescue device .
wiki - - gets first sentence of wikipedia article on .
returns the of continued fraction representation of frac { p + sqrt { d } } { q } .
returns the first format from the format list that is unknown .
generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using
finds the parent subsection of the content in the course and evaluates any milestone relationships attached to that subsection .
return the highest exponent of two , so that < = x
returns the build id of the device .
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
ensure that we are always testing sqlite on fast in memory db
compute lc and a monic polynomial in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
get all campaigns in srs and pull in campaigns in other targeted srs .
return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods : pop : return last warning matching the category .
overrides the gettext function , handling variable errors more gracefully .
renders markdown text to html .
represent a field value
serialise a method selection message
list the virtual server table if service _ address is not specified .
populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
list all libraries available to the logged in user by iterating through all libraries
parses the cookie set by the official facebook javascript sdk .
resizes and image from src , to dst .
require the system user .
perform an mg record lookup .
create a template text that first loads bootstrap3 .
check if types are same or compatible .
create a string with a whitespace and newline delimited text from a dictionary .
returns wkt text of the geometry according to the given precision .
resource headers for data collection tool
ensure that the data root exists .
returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns , else it returns false .
returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object , in the language provided .
pass the source image through post - processing filters .
build an example qr code and display it .
assert that the expected answer mark is visible for a given problem type .
return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state
factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances .
get all child cells .
check whether the supplied device path is a virtio _ blk device .
if path is an empty directory , then remove it .
validate each item of the list to match key name regex .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
read the low - level value for a built - in type .
lock file from integer id
set up the sonarr platform .
retrieves all customerids in the account hierarchy .
resizes to fit within out _ max _ shape .
tries to match city , state and country of address to existing territory
get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
version of : func : imp . find _ module supporting dots .
thread for slowly responding to replies .
analyze the document for sentiment and entities
creates an snapshot config
get the path to the program files folder .
create a new dataset .
imports posterous posts
return accumulator data path .
fake get network .
a utility function for handling lists of songs , so that the pagination and the dump command will work properly .
query the target shard to determine if an account with the given provider and email _ address exists .
adds multiple components of a specific type .
dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
computes resultant of two polynomials in k [ x ] .
sets the appropriate path for testing and reinitializes the module .
get loops from a carve of an unproven mesh .
similar to get _ status _ counts , but return only the latest test result per group .
this function constructs and applies a scan op to the provided arguments .
a generator for modules
print a list of orders
create the test suite for the given path .
percentage price oscillator
find the horizontal edges of an image using the scharr transform .
returns a time that can be added to a date object .
returns true if there are flash messages for the current user
default payment handler - called when the final step of the checkout process with payment information is submitted .
given a type or an exactly constraint , returns an exactly constraint .
return a value for name from the config file options .
generate the context for a cookiecutter project template .
determine the last virtual line number in the filediff / interfilediff .
converts entry element to subscription
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
execute given vowpal wabbit command , log stdout and stderr .
returns a list of n random samples from the normal distribution .
returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance .
create a course image thumbnail and return the url .
produces a sharedobject encoded stream based on the name and values .
get the first item from the iterable , if possible , or return default .
makes sure the parameter passed in looks like a geos geosgeometry .
sampling version of density
completes based on the contents of the current python environment , the python built - ins , and xonsh operators .
compare dipole results for equivalence .
get the python filenames of the directory recursively , except for the _ _ init _ _ . py files .
builds necessary assets from sources .
create a new httprpcserver .
try passwordless login with paramiko .
prints out usage information to stderr .
combine zero or more dictionaries containing environment variables .
set current user .
get the current monitor timeout of the given scheme
get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the given directory .
returns the url for the page that has the given slug .
attempt to parse the message for a user _ op _ manager abort line and extract user , device , op , class , and method .
normalize cases and remove plurals .
parse a content - type and its parameters into values .
create a test instance .
set a physical device to be used as an lvm physical volume name
run a command and return the stdout output .
returns the last existing created snapshot
check if gtype is enabled in section
an expensive operation which finds all users in the db with the given role prefix
provides pdbedit when available
a feature with background should print it accordingly under verbosity 3 and colored output
create a new l { iopump } connecting two protocols .
if a subtensor is inside a dimshuffle which only drop broadcastable dimensions , scrap the dimshuffle and index the subtensor with 0 x [ i : j , : , k : l ] . dimshuffle = > x [ i : j , 0 , k : l ] if x . broadcastable = =
in python 8280 _ , python 2 . 7 and later was patched to disregard the fragment when making url requests .
renders custom content for the payload using django templating .
set core values from grr into the knowledgebase .
you have to squint to see it , but the general strategy is just : if either has been recreated : return the newest else return the oldest
fetch changes from the default remote repository .
try to determine the current system users username to use as a default .
dont call this directly , call authorization _ headers ( ) .
get equation for rectangular z .
if the image is taller than it is wide , square it off .
sends an nzb to sabnzbd via the api .
pick a randomization bin for the problem given the users seed and a problem id .
build static assets with webpack .
python 2 compatibility : backport of shutil . which ( ) from python 3
detect qrs component in ecg channels .
return true if the object is an element of or of a nested list
given a path only , see if it is on the pythonpath .
return true if seg1 and seg2 are identical , ignoring order of synapses
apply _ clear _ ignore to a list .
gets the computer name
returns a refund notification message body .
get an element from a listbox
create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog .
set the gpu memory fraction for the application .
send advance notification of an ip address assignment .
append _ neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark .
clean obsolete portage sources destructive
attach reject section 9 . 4 . 4
get the size of the memory
save a mission in the waypoint file format .
create a list with tree nodes for which the function returned true in a pre order fashion
validates that name is a legal resource base name .
convert a timeseries into an int64index of nanoseconds since the epoch .
returns message id created from doctype and name
deletes the given image from opennebula .
the backend is this module itself .
returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations .
utility function for decoding values retrieved from memcache .
gradient / jacobian for d / d beta
recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree .
run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript
format a single read from a binary sff file as a fasta record .
return a list of ec2 _ credentials for a specific user
recover all the given workers in the specific load balancer
run tests with optional output redirection .
read traffic server configuration variable definitions .
visit the ancestors of c { entry } until one with at least one c { h2 } child node is found , then return all of that nodes c { h2 } child nodes .
given the list of list of strings , return a string of rest table format .
returns an unbiased estimator of the variance of the k - statistic .
check whether * n * fits in a c int .
reads the object from the global sublime cache path using pickle
sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster _ mapping : dict with mapping as list of ids
takes article or related to article model .
set all module _ _ file _ _ attribute to an absolute path
helpful evennia - specific admin page .
return the project to use .
return a list of pathitems constructed from parsing path _ data .
check that currently logged - in user has specified permission .
converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
create an empty pandas object containing the desired metadata .
features can run only specified scenarios , by index + 1
gets the pip requirements from a text file .
given a sqlite query result , print the key field of each returned row , with identation of 2 spaces .
write a list of all hosts and their given ip addresses
create a default linear gradient using base _ color .
return server and build arguments
helper for : meth : write _ entries , et aliae
retrieves system facts from the remote systems .
compute surface maps used for field display in 3d .
convert hsv values in a numpy array to rgb values all values assumed to be in range [ 0 , 1 ]
normalize surface vertices .
return a host string for an address in leasefile format .
returns json representation of dataset .
computes mean and variance .
copy all gems from one gemset to another .
an encoding error handler .
extract x from the bcpy scratch space .
use this decorator to override the name of the permission .
calls the default : class : arrowfactory utcnow method .
make a cache key from optionally typed positional and keyword arguments
returns dictionary of known tokens with all values
a string leaf
read bti pdf header .
create a row of bokeh layout objects .
show pricing for a particular profile .
return a listener that either keeps , or if * exclude * is true excludes , lines between lines that match the * marker * regular expression .
load - time post - processing of routers
get and decompress a s3 url
add customization options to role functions , unless explicitly set or disabled .
run eval once .
send email queue with given smtpserver
writes a property to the system property store .
test making the forward solution for a mixed source space
create a snapshot .
print a list of settings
wrap the original cpu gufunc with a parallel dispatcher .
build a list of test arguments .
encoding kludge : call function with arguments and unicode - encode output
gets a c expression as used in po files for plural forms and returns a
refactored optimization to deal with all cases of tensor merging .
finds the domain of the functions in finite _ set in which the finite _ set is not - empty
naive upfirdn processing in python
network management system class # 9
baxter - king bandpass filter
returns all messages for a specified app
create ec2 compatible instance by provided uuid .
provide information about known namespaces
shrink pool by n processes / threads .
fetch a remote vispy font
reverse escape the given string .
initialize property attributes for model - class .
disable the named service to start at boot
get the outline from the path .
provided for backwards compatibility .
elliptic filter order selection .
require python packages from a pip requirements file _ .
apply fixes needed for android .
restful crud controller - needed for map popups
converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
go over keys in the given entity and update the application id .
builds the vmdk attach config spec .
verifying size of inputs and setting workflow parameters
create an sns topic .
return true if the given node does nothing but pass
show content if it exists in the cache , otherwise display nothing .
provides the ascii bytes for the given string .
function that determines whether the rpc status is an error .
add a file handler to the default logger .
instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption / decryption .
check if a value looks like an int .
return all load balancers in a given region .
for sending email to the community mailbox
produces a prompt asking about overwriting a file .
setup logger with options .
walk through an index and check for differences against working tree .
get chosen tex system from rc .
computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
simple function to return if a host is windows or not
kick a user from the channel .
make c { root } slightly more flat by yielding all its immediate contents as strings , deferreds or generators that are recursive calls to itself .
given a reddit url , return the thing to which it associates .
helper function to submit a form .
return a / b rounded up to nearest integer , equivalent result to int ( math . ceil ( float ( int ( a ) ) / float ( int ( b ) ) ) , only without possible floating point accuracy errors .
check if argument is an acme error .
return the correct original file name of a module .
returns the current click context .
deletes a layer .
configures the labels and crud strings of pr _ group _ membership
find and return mystrom switch .
create a new column inside a grid .
get the currently logged - in user as a afe . models . user object .
return an element which will render line numbers for a source listing .
given a changeset revision hash , return two strings , the changeset rev and the changeset revision hash which includes the revision date if the receive include _ date is true .
return a string of which function we are currently in .
make a branch out of a list of result objects
os - specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme ; not recommended for general use .
least - recently - used cache decorator .
iterator on filenames in base _ directories
generate a simple dataset .
get volume type by id .
measures within category and between category dissimilarities input : distance matrix [ header , numpy 2d array ] , [ map _ dict , comments ] category in mapping data returns [ dissims between clusters ] , [ dissims within same cluster ]
add betamax placeholder to filter access token .
split files into roots using the first fileformat .
find and add z - wave lights .
build webui for release packaging
generate a random sample of rois comprising foreground and background examples .
checks for valid shapes for args of matmul
return a matching node
find all links in the given line .
calculates log since m * log ( x ) will fail when m , x = 0 .
adds a new message to the feedback message buffer that is used to generate the next notification email to the given user .
called during an ssl handshake with the fingerprint of the key of the remote host .
open an http request with a given url opener and a request body .
plot evoked after and before ica cleaning .
get a list of 2 - uple , it will return a dictionary to represent this as a tree
build a new environment for specified conda packages .
takes a function and returns the params and return value as a tuple .
notify subscribed users about new language requests
checks if a partition is valid
show information about connected devices .
wrap a call to * function * with a timeout ; if the called function fails to return before the timeout , cancel it and return a flag value , provided by * timeout _ value * keyword argument .
a decorator which applies the testtools attr decorator
concatenate zero or more iterables , any of which may be infinite .
group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
save profiling information
add tracking names and hashes to a list of wrapped promoted links .
replace media player in media _ list _ player with this instance .
avoid using os . getlogin ( ) because of strange tty / stdin problems
find and return an integer i > = 0 such that num = = 2 * * i .
runs the given command as the postgres user .
loops over each item in an array .
efficiently accumulate triangle normals .
custom module homepage for deploy to display online documentation for the module
expand shell variables of the forms $ var , $ { var } and % var % .
nicely displayed version of the facebook user with user id and image and link to facebook : )
setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
activate the given backend and set interactive to true .
display the repository dialog .
this function is used to create and configure
restores the cassandra backup .
sorts a json and returns ordereddict
handles command line arguments and gets things started .
returns the tp created by language1 and project1 fixtures .
return all discrete attributes from the domain .
return for the book identified by book _ id .
return an elastic net regularized fit to a regression model .
create upload session in datastore .
update a namespace object
split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
index _ equities page : displays all equities
returns a redis client instance .
return sparse feature matrix
compute zeros of integer - order bessel function derivative yn ( x ) .
returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions .
given an object attribute , return a formatted field name and a formatter suitable for passing to print _ list .
sends a get request like requests . get ( ) .
helper method for storing values in cache .
strips any national prefix present in a number .
get gear paths .
strip separators from input _ string
ma representation of var ( p ) process
validates attributes and their values , then looks for an exactly matching item variant
get list from sailthru and return if list _ name exists else create a new one and return list data for all lists .
set the all the workers in lbn to recover and activate them if they are not
called when the message has been sent .
dump all neighbour entries .
search for controllers in the galaxy . webapps . controllers module and add them to the webapp .
subroutine of find _ resource
create and add an entity based on the configuration .
execute a prlsrvctl command . .
fixture providing a basekeyparser supporting count / chains .
returns full index of the website for www upto the n - th level
get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
construct new ipython session .
delete a collection summary model .
given an iterable of bytes , returns a iterable of bytes that you can store in a file or pass over the network or what - have - you , and later use to get back your original bytes with
renders list of parameters .
resize an image .
transform value into a shared variable of type floatx
this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 1 .
only work when udevadm is installed .
format a context object to an httpie command .
check if we want to skip this module .
output the graph for html .
creates a new image with the given mode and size .
sends and receives a message with either a
save import state and sys . modules cache and restore it on exit .
check what changes need to be made on a directory
decorator to count calls to a function
return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources .
checks whether parameters passed to the * args and * * kwargs argument in a function fname are valid parameters as specified in * compat _ args and whether or not they are set to their default values .
parse varstack data and return the result
perform any setup or configuration tasks that require a logger .
decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
returns the version _ info tuple from docker - py
retrieve target host .
this function is a utility for converting numpy arrays to the cv . cvmat format .
override specific variables within a functions global context .
metadef objects resource factory method
if the environment variable w3af _ profiling is set to 1 , then we start the cpu and memory profiling .
parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
get the influxdb options from salt .
to add an asam platform using the specified asam platform set on the novell
this function calculates the indirect cosine measure .
turns processed _ list into a new - line separated string and writes it to path in s3 .
download the data from yanns website , unless its already here .
create a new group type .
no duplicates found .
initialize a home assistant server .
discard cache entries that are out of date .
returns a form field for a db . timeproperty .
highlight only the environment name .
jitters the values by adding a uniform variate in .
add a bearer token _ to the request uri .
checks is redis is running
class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase
get a ~ astropy . coordinates . skycoord for a solar system body as observed from a location on earth .
return a sorted list of seasons of the given series .
raises an exception if , for any reason , moderator emails cannot be sent .
validating when source is passed as path object .
get the cached info for a given show / movie from the database .
returns a sorted list of all files , including untracked files .
prettyprint an object .
minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than * max _ width * .
fix the given uris embedded credentials by round - tripping with
only load if the redis module is in _ _ salt _ _
checks if we are running on mac osx .
function to draw the minute line markers and timestamps
strips doctype from xml document , returns rss _ version may be rss091n or none stripped _ data is the same xml document , minus the doctype
merge rules that have identical selectors
patch mako so the django test client can access template context
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
delete a topic by the topic author .
get geometryoutput manipulated by the plugins in the manipulation shapes & solids folders .
connects to the specified database .
calculates the molecular weight of a dna , rna or protein sequence .
totals the xblock types included in the course data and returns those counts by type
helper for djangos reverse in templates that doesnt prepend l10n prefix .
abort a shutdown .
bisection algorithm that can be used to perform blind sql injection on an affected host
convert all uppercase keys in dict with lowercase _
convenience function for loading a yaml configuration from a file .
authentication and ciphering reject section 9 . 4 . 11
helper for build _ index ( ) : yield a list of tuples , where : - pkg _ xml is an elementtree . element holding the xml for a package - zf is a zipfile . zipfile for the packages contents .
generic object vote function for use via xmlhttprequest .
parse a certificate path and key path , either or both of which might be
transfer file ( s ) to a remote host using scp .
template skeleton that iterates items
suggests a new tv show to watch .
efficient function to uniquify a list preserving item order
set next date on which recurring document will be created
turns an affinity config value into a function suitable for passing to sort ( ) .
given a candidate albuminfo object , attempt to add the candidate to the output dictionary of albummatch objects .
constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions
get the list of hosts for a network .
evaluate the integral of a spline over area [ xa , xb ] x [ ya , yb ] .
read proxy info from the environment variables .
checks whether a given model is registered .
create a new vm
if resources are destroyed , the operation is considered to have failed .
check this from time to time to detect gl errors .
helper function to get to file name from a file descriptor or filename .
determine if a load , switch , or scene should be ignored .
parse a string containing a pem - encoded .
given a set of reference values and a set of test values , return the fraction of reference values that appear in the test set .
runs op on each table listed in - - tables .
create vocabulary file from data file .
adds initial data to the api on startup
perform chisquare test for random sample of a discrete distribution
similar to test _ dataframe _ aggregations _ multilevel , but series do not support all groupby args .
multiplication of tuples representing monomials .
displays all single - entry action hooks for the header bar .
resolve a relative module name to an absolute one .
returns the environment of the device .
performs minimal error checking on input args , then calls os . system to execute single _ file _ alpha for each file in the input directory this is to facilitate future task farming - replace os . system with write to file , each command is independant
receives a message from a pull subscription .
make plugin available .
build the basic header
home page of weblate showing list of projects , stats and user links if logged in .
compute how close we are .
return true is obj is a bpf super socket
return a query with results for all series .
locates a directory inside the given path .
compute numbers according to the parallel resistors operator .
return the string representing the configuration dir .
update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key : value pairs .
assert a is not b , with repr messaging on failure .
set the service names policy for a given host or list of hosts .
stubs out the vmwareapisessions is _ vim _ object method .
returns the course enrollments for the passed in user within the context of current org , that is filtered by course _ org _ filter
exploit etherleak flaw
runs the auth function but just returns true if allowed else false
classmark enquiry section 9 . 1 . 12
determine whether a given user is permitted to decrypt a secret .
determine which packages own the currently running services .
returns a randomly generated pipe
get the vagrant version .
convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
convert cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates .
format filedescriptor object as a single python module .
formats a datetime . time object using a localizable format
interpolate all knowledgebase attributes in pattern .
increment a timestamp by milliseconds .
get objs default locale .
check out themes .
evaluate a polynomial at x _ j = a in k [ x ] using the horner scheme .
deletes an existing user .
setup a nose context and run tests .
writes an image containing only the volumes with b - value specified at input
pulls an image from any registry .
copy item to clipboard .
return imgadm version
calls cmd and returns the exit value .
write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method
return a named qmetaproperty of a qobject instance obj .
protect code that wants to operate on path atomically .
generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 0 from sjson to subrip .
this method executes the cli command on the target node ( s ) and returns the output .
returns a nice version for the current markup filters name .
gets the user settings for a given username .
resolves rel _ path against base _ path and returns the result .
loads an object from the file in npz format .
this is a script to list the email queue .
fix magnetometer coil types .
connect to redis and tell rq about it .
expected inclusion _ one _ param _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
returns a generator that mixes provided quantities forever trans : a function to convert the three arguments into a color .
runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer
continually empty out a queue as new items are created
convert a number , string , or sequence type into a pure boolean .
a view decorator that adds " cookie " to the vary header of a response .
returns an iterator over pathway elements .
return info on all groups
product of a range of numbers .
request input from the user and return what has been entered .
ensures that command can be selected with arrow keys .
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
cull idle single - user servers
true if the object is a callable that takes no arguments .
write a coordinate transformation structure .
gets usernames corresponding to the given user _ ids .
a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth _ strategy .
returns a hierarchy metadata as a dictionary .
compute sensor connectivity matrix .
test mne - c filter design .
creates an incoming message and passes it to the router for processing .
bind a method to class , python 2 and python 3 compatible .
convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi - file torrent file
returns a form field for a db . emailproperty .
sort the sequence of objects by objects attribute
converts into unicode string .
check if volume has been started name name of the volume . .
make k - best chi2 selector
convert optparse style options into a dictionary for changing .
get a consumer object to perform openid authentication .
run unit tests .
scales image to be no larger than shape .
mcnemar test of homogeneity .
decorator to indicate that a given function intends to write out to cassandra
find out what our ip address is for use by a given target .
runs a wsgi - function with a fastcgi server .
password reset complete .
parse the iscsi line
creates the w3af home directory , on linux : / home / user / . w3af /
apply log ( 1 + exp ( x ) ) to each element of the matrix mat .
check if bracket is lowercase .
copy data to a remote server using http calls post or put
compare two sequences of log events , examining only the the keys which are present in both .
worker thread that constantly receives buffers .
turns any callable into a lazy evaluated callable .
update an object into a collection URL # pymongo . collection . collection . update _ one . .
helper function that returns a list of non - ssd objects for a given host .
histogram equalization of a grayscale image .
decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug .
wrap tags around some text and html - escape it .
read / save a location from the configuration file .
get the arounds from the loops .
converts msvs settings to msbuild settings .
crops an image from all edges .
handle ajax call from " show notes " checkbox .
return this platforms maximum compatible version .
abort a set of host queue entries .
returns an encoder for a group field .
given a url to an image , creates a thumbnailed version of the image , saving it locally and then returning the url to the new , smaller version .
generate a progress bar string .
return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
add point complexes on the segment between the edge intersections with z .
get the current standby timeout of the given scheme
removes a vlan to network association
return pathname as a name that will work on the native filesystem ,
setup the beaglebone black gpio devices .
get relevant system and debugging information
computes the kurtosis of a dataset .
create a subclass of box that is specialized to the jitclass .
case is an re which matches the same strings as re , but treating upper and lower case letters as distinct , i . e . it cancels the effect of any enclosing nocase ( ) .
open a gzip - compressed file in binary or text mode .
return the indices and values of the nonzero elements of a matrix
generate a set of possible report keys for an experiments results .
get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
remove sphinx directives & reflow text to width of 79 characters .
scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
similar to readnonwhitespace , but returns a boolean if more than one whitespace character was read .
given a mailchimp list id and a user status to filter on , returns all members of the mailchimp list with that status .
running smoothed average , via convolution over win window - size .
check that viewport is valid and within acceptable bounds .
add members to the group .
validate the configuration and return a xiaomi device scanner .
show pricing for a particular profile .
this is called upon unpickling , rather than the default which doesnt have arguments and breaks _ _ new _ _
calculates f - hat for the coefficients in a , probability p , sample mean difference r , and degrees of freedom v .
setup the cfg for the clean up utility .
return the e - terms of aberation vector
converts lists of lists / tuples into dataframes with proper type inference and optional conversion .
gets the configuration object or section associated with a particular package or module .
a word - wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text .
general relationship query .
return 24 templates of the seminal tbl paper , brill
save globals ( ) to file
load a movie given an fsspec .
get keyboard shortcut
converts a python class name in to an internal name
return the exit status , stdout , stderr of a command
creates a bidding strategy object .
add a tenant to the given flavor access list .
creates a folder in vcenter
handle get object and get bucket .
make a call , retrying if interrupted with eintr
change source string check flags .
factory function for a manager that subclasses superclass ( which is a
return the history of saved code by this user for a particular acid
change the meeting subject .
represent the quantum expression in the given basis .
adds the arg to the value .
return humanly formatted sizes from bytes
revoke all project certs .
extracts the avatars from the database and stores them in the alfred extension directory .
compute n - th cumulant given moments .
check if the proof - of - work of the block is valid .
generate completion function files in the given directory for all twisted commands
insert a point into a loop , at the index at which the loop would be shortest .
escape url as suggested by rfc 3986
run launchctl list and return the output
method decorator that saves data to attribute
encrypt data with aes - cbc and sign it with hmac - sha256
will always execute index . fsync after index . flush .
template settings for american red cross
add index in tabcommunication for
print an a or aaaa record for hostname ; follow cnames if necessary .
ensure the datetime passed has an attached tzinfo .
extract the size number from a " varchar " type name
get wsdl namespace from version
takes a command to be passed to subprocess . popen .
wrapper function for breadcrumbs .
xonsh shell mock
solve for least squares with levenberg - marquardt
create dask delayed objects from a dask dataframe
sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question
merge one or more dicts into one .
count average score .
move a file from source to destination , then create a symlink back from destination from source .
updates an indexs status .
check that you can update a message , and that the update is queued in the actionlog .
retrieves all the text between matching open and close parentheses .
read application / json data into request . json .
pretty print all html / css / xml files in the container
removes a product form a store .
return a list of all exercises that the user is currently struggling on .
method for casting string to an object or array .
pauses test execution until user sets the keyword status .
list the policies attached to the given principal .
invalidates the local cache by removing the cache folders
returns a randomly generated sentence of lorem ipsum text .
remove app from sites installed - apps list
prepare the access token request .
manage the snmp accepted community names and their permissions .
return source location for the given object .
connect to aws cloudtrail
add typing for all functions in an out - of - line cffi module to the typemap
returns if a function is increasing or not , in the given interval .
loads a description file and returns it as a module .
steps are aware of its definitions line numbers and file names
retrieves single volume type by id .
this is called just before the server is shut down , regardless of it is for a reload , reset or shutdown .
creates database tables
helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name .
reads mapping file , input file , and other command line arguments fills dictionary called consensus _ seq _ lookup which will contain : sample id - > random barcode - > consensus _ seq
get all backups .
converts the given string a to a valid cmake target name .
get extra loops between inside and outside loops .
load an email backend and return an instance of it .
update the manifest to have the new version number .
strip any prefix in strip _ prefixes from path and return a list of path components where each component is .
perform bartletts test for equal variances
returns a unicode - compatible stream .
replaces characters in a string with visually similar characters to avoid pinging users in irc .
generate the gallery restructuredtext for an example directory
compare two event dictionaries .
parse url and the result is tuple of url : url string .
get the community of the given node .
helper method for creating an order for testing
extract multi - byte integer in intel format .
clears an event from the tracker , possibly in the future .
return metadata value .
change the current working directory to newpath , temporarily .
returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings .
detects labels in the file .
return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance
mattermost object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
load the grammar .
runs the position through virtcol ( ) and returns the result .
collects all dependencies of the given bears .
returns a string of the hexdigest of the given plaintext password and salt using the given algorithm .
based on stuart colvilles code at this blog post : URL
python 3 compatible function annotation for python 2 .
register a function as a build function that callable in build file
removes values from * vals * that does not appear in vlist
docstring for install _ pandas
cleans cookies from a given cookie jar
try getting the given function from pyopengl , return a dummy function if it could not be found .
deserialize the value returned from signed _ serialize .
computes the multi - class hinge loss between predictions and targets .
if this test ever fails randomly , there is a problem around file thread safety .
intercepts a response with a particular status code and returns the content from a specified url instead .
return a red / green / blue color image from up to 3 images using an asinh stretch .
returns a list of n - grams from the given string .
return true if a string is a valid vorbis comment key .
only return names from iterator l without a leading underscore .
resample stim channels , carefully .
find a matching route for the current request .
return file content .
helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses .
show params of varnish cache
read a 32 - bit integer .
given a show name , return the tvdbid of the exception , none if no exception is present .
computes the average precision at k .
same as a * b .
a valid machine _ name or a machine is needed to make this work !
return a shell - escaped version of the string * s * .
callback for scroll in selection dialog .
prepare tfr source localization .
turn seed into a np . random . randomstate instance .
show the preferences plugin identified by category and name
prints alias for current shell .
create a logical volume in a volume group .
ensure that the key exists in redis with the value specified name
calculate the per - pixel errors , then compute the root mean square error .
this filter will return the base64 encoded data uri for a given thumbnail object .
returns a list of unconnected subgraphs .
generate a suitable client secret
traverse a paginated api response .
py2py3 compatible pickle load
parse the vnc line
return a tuple of two layouts , one containing the left subtree of the root vertex , and one containing the original tree with the left subtree removed .
calculate the number of seconds since promotions were last updated
parse video filename to a show to check if it has subtitle enabled
waits until a session state has been reached , checking at regular intervals .
compute color histogram of input image
convert a pil image to a wx image
generate js minifier based on jsmin . c by douglas crockford _ . .
list the direct children of a node
do fft resampling with a filter function .
check if pid is still alive .
compile a c extension module using distutils .
create the indexes in the database .
download a file if not present , and make sure its the right size .
provides the current working directory for the given process .
waits for a snapshot to reach a given status .
reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule .
break up the line into an args and options string .
check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ with _ context _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
walk two filename lists in parallel , testing if each source is newer than its corresponding target .
compute the hash of the given value .
extract artist names from a block of text .
returns a tuple of , where release _ version is the release version number of the whoosh code that created the index - - e . g . - - and format _ version is the version number of the on - disk format used for the index - - e . g . - 102 .
helper for djangos reverse in templates .
skip a test unless a database has all the named features .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
tests the current stack for unsafe locations that would likely cause recursion if an attempt to send to sentry was made .
restful crud controller for smtp to sms outbound channels - appears in the administration menu
register hook for hook _ name .
safe version of rpycs rpyc . utils . classic . obtain , without using pickle .
return a random normalformgame instance where the payoff profiles are drawn independently from the standard multi - normal with the covariance of any pair of payoffs equal to rho , as studied in [ 1 ] _ .
split mulled image name into conda version and conda build .
used to dynamically load custom classes , loads classes under the specified directory
loops through the addresses , collapsing concurrent netblocks .
put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context .
determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type .
import hashes from filename into store .
return an un - computable symbolic variable of type x . type .
migrate mongodb schema and data .
set the password for a named user .
call the rest endpoint to see if the packages on the " server " are up to date .
returns a hash of css selectors , each of which contains a hash of css attributes
view function which sends confirmation instructions .
get the shortest unique name in the settings .
handle docstring indentation , ref : pep257
check if path is unique .
surround block tags with blank lines and recurse into child block tags that contain only other block tags
a decorator to ensure the decorated function is only executed once .
find a file by looking through a sequence of paths .
prints usage information and exits with a status code .
gets the specified release of the artifact artifactory _ url
detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded .
compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling
generic constructor for dask . dataframe objects .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
set this redis instance as a slave .
a helper function for computing the pseudoinverse .
following redirects in links .
returns sql conditions with user permissions and filters for event queries
test that we get a typeerror with noncallable algo . unc .
sets the db client instance .
for a given course _ id , generate a grades csv file for all students that are enrolled , and store using a reportstore .
returns a specifically - formatted namespace string for the specified type
submit a coroutine object to a given event loop .
looks for date patterns , and if found return the date and group span .
numpy - compatible version of all ( )
replace api references with links to api documentation .
return the partial derivative of the function f with respect to the kth variable , at location w .
generate some random tweet text .
returns all chars till a non - escaped } is found .
a wrapper method around tweepy . api . lookup _ users that handles the batch lookup of screen _ names .
return a list of cluster of postgres server .
list the locally installed overlays .
wait for a vcenter task to finish
get process information for network connections using sockstat
apply request extensions to an instance of
construct an rsa key from a tuple of valid rsa components .
gets an instance info cache from the table .
uses the gunzip command to unpack gzip files template : none
integration test for bucket naming issues this test .
set global proxy facts
this script prints some colors .
cleans a name to fit iams naming requirements .
adds a message with the warning level .
this function combines : func : echo and : func : style into one call .
average forward solutions .
return the refresh rate of the given screen
returns package information
defines a setting that is only found in msbuild .
formats the time to match the rfc1123 date format .
update a users password
yield name of file from the given resource .
compare two sequences of lines ; generate the delta as a context diff .
removes an image name
returns the navigator . server . url
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
evaluate an existing model .
generate an m2crypto - compatible signature
flow the file or text .
use the _ winreg module to obtain the value of a registry key .
compare two digests of equal length in constant time .
a standalone uri _ for version that can be passed to templates .
bad & rule : expression
get the docstring from our command and options map .
timedtest decorator decorates the test method with a timer when the time spent by the test exceeds max _ time in seconds , an assertion error is thrown .
run a shell command , and return stderr and stdout as string .
coerce the given value to : class : . _ truncated _ label .
wait until winexe connection can be established .
helper to more easily call filtfilt .
parses the comment to issue , task or us .
given the command line options , return the arguments to
boilerplate for this script .
retrieve the gist identified by id _ num .
display a skeinlayered gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate skeinlayer is selected .
a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context ( ) .
converts a 2 - bytes string to a signed integer .
create a new xor cipher
translates a backends . xml string into a backends . yaml string .
look for a meta http - equiv tag with the yadis header name .
create extra fill loops for surrounding loops .
remove all formatting codes from c { text } , leaving only the text .
given a time value in seconds , this function returns a fuzzy version like 3m5s .
return errors per second
return the array of coordinates used to sample data arrays in affineslice ( ) .
flush the chain in the specified table , flush all chains in the specified table if not specified chain .
build the default set of inline patterns for markdown .
test plotting of evoked .
test mne inverse computation
return suitable environment definitions for x11 .
render a template and return the output .
stop a node
midpoint price over period
compares two version numbers .
return a : class : . history record for the given object and attribute key .
request the target url for caching .
ensure all nodes are authorized to the cluster name
returns true if the running systems terminal supports color , and false otherwise .
initialize a new container .
execute a runner on the master and return the data from the runner function
read data from the file - object using the given encoding .
split the combined string into left , center and right parts
find eggs in zip files ; possibly multiple nested eggs .
update user account information .
extracts patches of any n - dimensional array in place using strides .
pulls from a control socket until we either have a complete message or encounter a problem .
insert an entry into the list of warnings filters .
run python src code in a separate interpreter .
saves chain _ pem at a unique path based on chain _ path .
read prefixed options from configuration
add unique _ id for checking duplicate messages .
the wang - ryzin kernel , used for ordered discrete random variables .
return the profile model class
compute psd from tapered spectra .
authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
test if this is vault encrypted data blob
remove an iis binding .
get all available regions for the amazon dynamodb service .
returns a list of courses sorted by their start date , latest first .
parses a snippet definition in snipmate format from text assuming the current indent .
download data from the url and store in a temporary file .
attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name .
split the given url into the scheme , host , port , and path .
return boolean ndarray denoting duplicate values .
this maintenance function handles repeated checks and updates that the server needs to do .
callback after authentication has succeeded .
wrapper for commands to be run as root
returns the each lineages portion of the total count takes an otu _ table , normalizes samples to equal counts , and returns each otus relative representation in this normalized otu table , scaled such that the rarest otu is 0 , most prominent is 1
collect ora2 responses and upload them to s3 as a csv
returns the length of the overlap between two strings .
converts a flattened parameter vector into a nice " stack " structure for us to work with .
for a given file path searches for files with the same name but different extension and returns their absolute paths file _ path : the file to check for associated files base _ name _ only : false add extra . to file _ path minus extension filter _ ext : a comma separated string with extensions to include or empty string to include all matches
return true if a sum is a simple .
context manager for writing utf - 8 tsv data to response
returns the first item in the list for which function is true , none otherwise .
write dependencies as a dot file
generate an md5 hash of the specified file .
run appscale - get - token script .
user request to join group .
desktop _ interface : sets values in the org . gnome . desktop . interface schema
get a paginator , abstracting some common paging actions .
returns an genericinlineformset for the given kwargs .
returns only proper http headers .
attempt to determine if content is rest or html
returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format : { [ prefix ] : action ,
slugify function that dumbs down but preserves non - latin chars
computes an average of the median of each realigned timeseries
return if the signature of a rpm file is valid .
get the permalink for a comment , optionally specifying the format of the named anchor to be appended to the end of the url .
evaluates module in parallel across the gpus given in device _ ids .
a decorator that defines _ _ repr _ _ method under python 2 .
determine authentication method types for deployment .
decorator factory to apply update _ wrapper ( ) to a wrapper function
return s if s is a symbol , else return either a new symbol with the same name s or the matching _ symbol if s is a string and it matches the name of the matching _ symbol .
gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image .
returns list of special characters .
move up to max _ rows rows from one tables to the corresponding shadow table .
check cgconfig service status
interquartile range of error rounded index , no interpolations this could use newer numpy function instead
make page name from title
nicer syntax to make a tuple .
label connected regions of an integer array .
resolve type name based on current package context .
formats a correlation vector to be suitable for writing to a file .
jaccard coefficient on the elements of the two biclusters .
return a list of all detected devices
compute nt complex zeros of error function erf ( z ) .
checks whether the given joint degree dictionary is realizable as a simple graph .
perform a sanity check on the environment .
validate the match if right character is in a given sequence .
process the xml element condition .
tests for overlap between a host _ state and a list of uuids .
take an iterable of matches as returned by detect and merge duplicates .
returns the unproxied version of the object .
a helper for raising remote exceptions
this portion is for arguments parsing
checks the dtypes of the columns of a pandas dataframe for compatibility with the data types and ranges supported by stata , and converts if necessary .
raises errors or warns if called with an incompatible wheel - version .
get osc stats , update stats entries
method to create a cluster in vcenter
this method will determine if cinder supports backup .
return the mapping from api object name - which becomes the
pin rows to the top of the dashboard .
return first n items of the iterable as a list .
destroy the named vm
do a quick check to see if any articles are present for this file .
test ordercreator creates parent links from ordersource .
determines how " significant " an album metadata change would be .
returns the address from the socks socket
check if the preceding words increase , decrease , or negate / nullify the valence
convert string array to char array
raise baddestroymap if necessary , update dr _ vals .
return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
given the hypergeometric function func , find a sequence of operators to reduces order as much as possible .
checks whether result is a valid api response .
run behave as subprocess command and return process / shell instance with results .
try to find the local timezone configuration .
returns an encoded protocol buffer .
display the wishlist and handle removing items from the wishlist and adding them to the cart .
return html indicating that an error occurred .
setup the api stubs .
draw a 2d texture to the current viewport
return a conn object for the passed vm data
produce a string of length random bytes , chosen from chrs .
decrypts an encrypted varblock file , writing it to outfile
get geometry output by manipulationfunction .
test close keys
expected improvement over threshold from samples
test printing of system information
resolve a name like module . object to an object and return it .
make a metering message ready to be published or stored .
creates a new nameserver returns true if the nameserver was created successfully sld string sld of the domainname tld string tld of the domainname nameserver string nameserver to create ip string nameserver ip address
test combinemarkersmodel traits model .
get s3a aws secret key URL
print the list of files which can be removed from the whitelist and the list of files which do not respect flake8 formatting that arent in the whitelist .
get the top of the path .
return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list _ policies .
get current hardware clock setting
return base url for site .
return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
fakes the upload of an image .
performs user authentication check .
converts a string into titlecase .
equivalent to td . total _ seconds ( ) .
rotate a given image a given number of degrees clockwise .
return a list of raw samples for the user .
extract a smaller array of the given shape and position from a larger array .
inherit nomination date for new packaged app versions .
refresh the list of admin user _ ids based on the usernames entered .
read lines from file
get video and image drafts for a given user .
uses getindexedtimezonenames to return the time zone names sorted longitudinally .
simulates a connection failure when we try to submit to software secure .
a decorator to make an error view return an json - formatted message if it was requested via ajax .
setup the fast . com sensor .
save the load to the specified jid
the support forum metrics dashboard .
traverse a dict or list using a colon - delimited target string .
get the authentication token for the given host + username + password .
for historical reasons , the admin app relies on genericforeignkeys as being " not found " by get _ field ( ) .
regular expression ( c )
normalize path separater and unicode string
base64encodes chops and combines them into a , delimited string
test in file png rendering
convert an xml tree into a dict .
returns a list of pids currently running on the system .
check code in a text file .
return the number of vectors and dimensions in a file in glove format .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
return a nodeset with elements from the argument .
clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
generator function going deep in tree - like structures
composes the value for the state parameter .
remove installed app
return the spec for the specified module .
emulate sqlobjects in .
return the pass executable or raise an error
only load if the ipset module is available in _ _ salt _ _
get both paths along the loop from the point nearest to the begin to the point nearest to the end .
set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram .
simple command - line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
converts an interval objects coordinates from gff format to bed format .
restful crud controller
run a git command , capture stdout / stderr , and fail if git fails .
check quickly whether file is rar archive .
return false if the module does not have a filename attribute
fills call _ queue with _ workitems from pending _ work _ items .
does some specific things , that can be done only on save .
queue for reviewing abuse reports for websites .
build a list of e - mail addresses for the group .
remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces
list storage accounts
simple function to return if host is openbsd or not
validate the provided api key .
ask the user to select an item from the list | items | .
t4bfile is a file handle ready to write binary data to disk .
computes the r operation on f wrt to wrt evaluated at points given in eval _ points .
return true if theres something to read on stdin .
retrieve user groups according to the given parameters .
setup the twitch platform .
generates the cmidrule for a single column with appropriate trimming based on the column position .
tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
register an e - mail hook .
converts result into a future by collapsing any futures inside result .
takes a show name and returns the " scenified " version of it .
wrapper to work around lack of . total _ seconds ( ) method in python 3 . 1 .
create tests that verify basic iconvergenceagent compliance .
given integers xc , xe , yc and ye representing decimals x = xc * 10 * * xe and y = yc * 10 * * ye , compute x * * y .
returns the num _ columns x num _ columns matrix whose th entry is the correlation between columns i and j of data
return the first task scheduled by the worker , corresponding to the root task
element - wise maximum of two tensors .
get a list of partition objects for all disk partitions on the system .
returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption .
initialize cuda functionality .
a test to decide whether a path is a bar from a vertical bar chart .
one letter code to three letter code .
as this module is designed to manipulate packages in jails and chroots , use the passed jail / chroot to ensure that a key in the _ _ context _ _ dict that is unique to that jail / chroot is used .
given a pyldavis data array , print out the top words in every topic .
coerce to a categorical if a series is given
kronecker sum of sparse matrices a and b
uppercase the current word .
train a region proposal network in a separate training process .
custom method to override web2py dals standard retrieve _ file _ properties , as that checks filenames for uuids , so doesnt work with pre - populated files in static .
convert a path into its realpath :
gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor .
returns a dict that has particular keys renamed , according to the key _ map .
looks at various objects
look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block
compute the element - wise rectified linear activation function .
compute the histogram for data and generate its string representation .
return if we are a datetime with tz array
setup logging with options or arguments from an optionparser or
update data bundle , download if not found
return a tool shed repository database record defined by the combination of a toolshed , repository name , repository owner and either current or originally installed changeset _ revision .
add credential into database
log outcome to sentry .
generate sqlalchemy mapper from spyne definition data .
serialize and append crypto metadata to an encrypted value .
disconnects given backend from current logged in user .
reads the images in a given folder , resizes images on the fly if size is given .
builds the def - use and use - def chains of the variables of the method .
merge averagetfr data by weighted addition .
display parser state .
get all associations of given qos specs .
find all steps in data from a stim channel .
unpack packed binary data to nibbles
read this file and print the section with the class name specified . )
perform a spf record lookup .
find the value of maximum single - commodity flow .
check that the left and right sparsearray are equal .
require several conda packages .
abort ( ) s systemexit contains distinct . code / . message attributes .
attempt to parse the message for a ping .
returns the distance matrix from calculating dist _ vicenty latitudes , longitudes : list of values , have to be the same size
supplied url may be null , if not ensure http : / / or https : / / etc . . .
get paths from endpoints .
creates the reconall workflow in nipype .
reverts a disk state to a previously taken snapshot .
takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user
check if the requested profile contains the minimum required parameters for a profile .
takes a raw set of bytes and builds a launcher shell to b64decode / decrypt a string rep of the bytes , and then use reflection to invoke the original . exe
change the default group of the user
smooths a numpy array with a gaussian filter .
adds additional text to an exceptions error message .
returns encodings from given http header dict .
this function contains _ all _ the options i could find in man 8 iptables , listed in the first section that i found them in .
list all the jobs that we have . .
converts a string into an array of integers
verifies that pyopenssls package - level dependencies have been met .
ensure that a directory named " path " exists .
run a single opf experiment
returns an ssl . sslsocket wrapping the given socket .
write the data in the given file as a z - file .
sending message to hipchat v2 server
replace problematic characters in a path .
return an organizations revisions .
restful crud controller
return the id of the user that owns a given file path file or directory of which to get the uid follow _ symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed
executes an api method call and returns the response object .
run when the inheritance _ diagram directive is first encountered .
gets a ctypes pointer array for geosgeom _ t opaque pointer .
integration of primitive functions .
get the list of organisations a user belong to .
reads from the descriptor file until we get to one of the given keywords or reach the end of the file .
plot the epipole and epipolar line f * x = 0 in an image .
look for data in the source - included data directories and return the path .
a detail view for a project with various dataz
callback for showing that ioloop is still responsive while we wait
setup the temporary console logger
prompt user with text and return the input .
remove items from a list .
centralized error handling for horizon .
catch error conditions from the response and raise them .
removes airodump output files for whatever file prefix
shutdown a network interface
bootstrap by resampling from a kernel density estimate .
read a cache time .
modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs
retrieve full list of values for the contentkey from a boto3 apigateway client function that may be paged via position
find the next fast size of input data to fft , for zero - padding , etc .
copy a file and its modification times , if possible .
get a cdot configuration object for a specific backend .
callback which runs with the image vdi attached .
plot the weights of a specific layer .
wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances .
reauthenticates a user .
loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d , and sigma is 2d brute force from formula no checking of correct inputs use of inv and log - det should be replace with something more efficient
builds a string of elements joined by or .
conditional formatting rule based on cell contents .
build a response for data whose encoding is unknown .
returns the unfulfilled gated content usage keys in the given course .
return a list of windows for the current desktop .
handle clicks on block button
add acl group .
coregister an mri with a subjects head shape .
get all the loops going through the circle intersections .
remove trace and quit
generic object - update function .
serialize an element and its child nodes to a string
not implemented on win32 yet .
get the current device or use a device by device number .
verify that the environment is sane and can be used by the test _ server
set a user mode on sopel .
enhance contrast of an image .
extract the json payload from a jwt .
generate simple function that get / set a field of the instance
verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
setup the russound rnet platform .
events resource factory method .
checks to see if a string could possibly be a phone number .
return the current load average for the specified minion .
this exists for if / when i get deauth working so that its easy to call sniff ( ) in a thread
strip sgml / xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space .
return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default _ character _ set _ name , default _ collation _ name from
get equation for rectangular y .
sleep without blocking the tornado event loop
compute the entropy of a matrix / density object .
get symmetrix x loop .
base function to handle start / stop / restart watcher requests .
remove all provided parameters from the query section of the url .
returns a subsset of most rapidly varying subexpressions of e , and e rewritten in terms of these
calculates the kappa kappa calculates the kappa value , which is a measure of inter - rater agreement between two raters that provide discrete numeric ratings .
gets information about the defined api deployments .
upload an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
check if the specified service is enabled
get all key _ pairs by user .
returns validation of a value as an integer .
main entry point .
read requirements source files and merge its content .
parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total , used and free values .
compute the largest k singular values / vectors for a sparse matrix .
writes the given parameter config into the config file .
delete a neighbour entry .
provides vmadm on smartos
a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants .
press the keyboard button for prev track .
marks volume types as deleted .
get flavor access by flavor id .
turn any urls into links .
enable back - propagation for variable whose volatile is auto .
builds the property filter spec .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
adds a max pooling layer .
find all of ipythons packages .
drops a keyspace , if it exists .
if obj is text , emit a warning that it should be bytes instead and try to convert it to bytes automatically .
determine if the word is quoted .
for commands that operate on matched items , performs a query and returns a list of matching items and a list of matching albums .
mock _ upstart _ disable method .
accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values , and returns a full gecos comment string , to be used with usermod .
increment the integer value of a hash field by the given number .
create a volumeservice wrapping a pool suitable for use in tests .
internal method to restores the previous connection .
when a new version is added or deleted , send to task to update if it matches any compat overrides .
stores templates and contexts that are rendered .
return a new unique id for a bokeh object .
validate if the recaptcha response is valid .
builds a kwargs dict which may contain the optional registryid .
open the given http resource and return status , headers , and body .
simple way to create inertia dyadic object .
return the first configured instance .
indicates if a network is currently in use on host .
generative network to parameterize generative model .
creates instance types .
parse command line arguments
fit image in box of width pwidth and height pheight .
compute the determinant of a matrix
simple wrapper for permission _ required decorator .
fastq helper function for qual output .
custom switch ( ) constructor which places switches on servers
checks for the presence of an extra to the argument list .
steamid - - gets the steam id of .
return the mangled name of the attributes underlying storage .
verify that namespace packages are valid
return true if the telemetry module is within the 24 - hours - from - installation grace period where no stats are sent .
decrypt a message or file user
reads pylintrc config onto native configparser object .
adds a vhost via rabbitmqctl add _ vhost .
compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator .
return dict describing the context of this package
returns the output of an adb subcommand .
test reading labels from freesurfer parcellation
test getitem / indexing of raw .
the api will return an empty properties list for configurations without properties set , and remove empty sub - configurations
a filter that batches items .
error checking for routines that return explicitly sized strings .
return the proper pip install command for installing the dependencies defined in req _ file .
return unsigned euclidian distances of points to ellipse
return a packages activity stream as html .
merge two containers into is updated , d has priority
flag an auth function as not requiring a logged in user
for efficienys sake , we want to cache djangos js18n file .
get perms for given roles
ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name
create dummy continuous variable
convert a qcow2 disk to a vmdk and put it a new directory basename : base name for output vmdk file
preprocess each run with fsl independently of the others
download a specific piece of media .
developer hub landing page .
return true if hash will succeed , false otherwise .
stores the tax type and total in the session .
log and return failure .
check if a given cookie is set correctly .
create a new figure manager instance
return a partial tool shed url , eliminating the port if it exists .
get a searchquery instance sub - class suitable for the specified type .
clean up cuckoo setup .
setup mako lookup directories .
try to identify the user
check that hosting service bug urls dont contain % s .
serialize the json , and then read it back as a dict .
check that the value is a list of floats .
add feature queries to the map - these can be rows or storage ( )
get information about a service .
apply elementwise function across arguments
filter otu table to keep only desired sample sizes .
redirect to a given url while setting the chosen language in the session or cookie .
says whether the given word is spelled correctly , and gives suggestions if its not .
bounce traffic server on the local node .
generic setattr ( ) implementation for records : set the given record member , i . e . a scalar .
apply the source file deltas supplied in | chunks | to arbitrary files .
recalculate scores for given users .
save the certificate on master icinga2 node .
byte - compile one python source file to python bytecode .
return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
read a requirements . txt file , expressed as a path relative to zipline root .
return a list of non empty lines in the file located at path .
deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete _ user .
get not only size of the given object , but also the size of objects referenced by the object , down to max _ depth distance from the object .
determine the xmlrpc uri for local servers .
the power series solution is a method which gives the taylor series expansion to the solution of a differential equation .
return the 50th percentile of grouped continuous data .
decode the result of model _ found ( )
return a list of names and colors of segmented volumes .
retrieve libvlc changeset .
truncate the list returned by the wrapped function .
list users who have access to auto - mounted shared folders .
default datalist item renderer for documents , e . g . on the hrm profile
makes sure tables module has been imported
send a message to notifyosd
a system - v style service is assumed disabled if the " startup " symlink to its script is found in / etc / init . d in the current runlevel .
resolve a local name to the caller id based on ros environment settings
make text into a single - quoted yaml string with correct escaping for special characters .
creates a logger for the given application .
find and return all fields with the provided name in the document .
puts thread to sleep , checking this threads exit _ flag four times a second .
figure out which object and which actions to take given the right parameters
generate an external makefile to do a set of rules .
remove packages using opkg remove .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
helper function for reset _ syslog _ config that resets the config and populates the return dictionary .
return all installed services
attempt to unmount a device by specifying the directory it is mounted on
if configured to do so , update the cloud cachedir with the current list of nodes .
function to handle building and parsing of command line arguments
spectral clustering from a similarity matrix .
convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode
given an user object , get the user id .
gets the email for a given username .
get the ar representation of an arma process
validate the usecols parameter .
run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
create an archive file .
determine if a path is a file or a directory with an appropriate file .
create a read - only memory mapped region on file f .
element wise squaring of array - likes and sparse matrices .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
helper function to generate a md5 hash of the swagger definition file any extra argument passed to the function is converted to a string and participates in the hash calculation
given a list of utf - 8 encoded articles , build two dictionary for faster matches .
set which cpus a vcpu can use .
write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file .
determine test info for the given path * * using the filename only * * .
prints out keys that are provided in at least two of the specified config _ paths .
compare url paths and query strings .
builds a test suite for the geos tests .
get a class name and qualify it with a module name if necessary .
when configuring logging , handle loggers which were in the previous configuration but are not in the new configuration .
downgrade 012 - > 011 with logic for non - sqlite databases .
enable state function or sls run
create a dopile region .
inferences end for node such as module , class , function , const . . .
utility function to get the full path to the currently executing
generate a course structure dictionary for the specified course .
checks if a theme is installed .
return a matrix which contains the first dim dimensions principal components of data .
factory for mock github objects .
query for task information by id .
factory function that returns a new condition variable object .
check if 2 python structures are the same .
subtract the given tax _ percentage from the given price .
convert a gdalraster into postgis raster format .
aborts a list of jobs
handles a shutdown request .
make a new instance of a class without calling its _ _ init _ _ method .
create a urlparser application that looks in directory , which should be the directory for the python package named in base _ python _ name .
basic indexing with an integer or a slice .
sets the led matrix to a single color or turns all leds off .
determine the dev prefix for a disk bus .
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to allocated multicast address space .
instantiates and returns drivers based on the flag values .
apply user defined entries from config into inventory .
process a status update from a docker pull , updating the data structure .
return json data for the admin activity widget .
publish local map layers as group layer in local ows .
return a reference to a distributed virtual switch object .
a demonstration showing how each tree transform can be used .
search element by id in the all childs and descendant of node .
handles all the common functionality required for api calls .
try to find a command in the path , paranoid version .
start celery worker in a thread .
delete the given extra specs item .
takes 2 color tupes and returns the average between them
retrieve all allocated quotas associated with a given project .
delete the perspective search storage file at the given path .
computes harmonic ratio and pitch
resize an image .
get value for name format : gmond _ prefix _ + fs _ + ost _ + metric
fix unresolved references
check that the library and its dependencies are installed .
extract the first paragraph of module - level docstring .
provide this only on linux systems until proven to work elsewhere .
align a value to next align multiple .
sets the disk to be saved in the given image .
get the radio plugins and add the plugin frame .
only load on posix - like systems
this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class .
retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module .
list all hipchat users .
return a numba type for the given ctypes function pointer .
get metadata for a single file , comma - separated list , or entire container
generate a report based on the given vulture . items .
test calculation of chpi positions .
the active mode traverses each of the active games and fetches info for each from nfl . com .
update glance metadata from a volume .
return a dictionary found in json format in a given file
parse a grammar rule , given as a string , and return a list of productions .
returns certificate information from amazon . .
checks a candidate number for validity according to the luhn algorithm .
get a list of node ids in order from the node to top most project
returns the fingerprint of a private rsa key as a 59 - character string .
keeps a reference to the object x in the memo .
pick an appropriate analyzer for a given locale .
return x as an array , of either floats or complex floats
strips characters that arent part of normal floats .
lists all ports available .
return the item size for the given list type .
subroutine to create a text box .
simple test function
using onepk and the vty service obtain the output from the show version command .
return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance .
invert an image .
make a user a member of a group .
add the given cert into the given certificate store source
fork off the worker procs
warn users invoking old to switch to the new function .
removes the specified user - milestone link from the system for the specified course content module .
update export client list
evaluate special commands
for testing this test suite : )
returns the equivalent of the http requests script _ name environment variable .
this function converts output from ftp - anon that do not include a structured output to a structured output similar to the one provided by the " ls " nse module .
get or create a global constant with * name * or * value * .
validate a username / password combo , returning true / false
read the data page from the given file - object and convert it to raw , uncompressed bytes .
setup the gpsd component .
decorating a class with @ alias allows the class to be referenced by each of the names provided as arguments .
extract and validate inventory from json body .
return true if the graph is semiconnected , false otherwise .
draw samples from variational posterior .
center loss based on the paper " a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition "
gives the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
version of imp . find _ module ( ) that handles hierarchical module names
creates any folders that are missing and assigns them the permissions of their parents
a version of pythons urllib . urlencode ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
controls the hupcl
convert an ip address from text representation into binary form
convert between two tree file formats .
make linux system shutdown , never returns
coil a gcode linear move gcodetext .
return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions
group a sequence based into buckets by key ( x ) .
return battery charge
queries google for the specified input .
a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator removes its key from the data dict .
prints information about the profile .
prepare a iterable for singing .
the percentile rank of a score relative to a list of scores .
make sure that we can decorate both methods and classes .
format akismet data as a definition list .
deserialize request string using in _ protocol in application definition .
create and return a temporary file .
create a subplot in a grid .
ensures that the specified powerpath license key is absent on the host .
evaluates the inverse cdf of the normal distribution .
returns a basic auth string .
return a numpy random number generator with the given seed .
retrieve a pep 302 " importer " for the given path item
copy one or more source - files ( s ) to a destpath .
compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points .
parse _ _ namespace _ _ queries .
it can run only the specified features from a subdirectory
lets a task call methods on subtask ( s ) .
build a response for textual data .
ping the lamps by issuing a short inversion blink to all available devices .
convert a possibly null string to utf - 8 bytes , guaranteeing to return a non empty , normalized bytestring .
return a 2 - d array with ones on the diagonal and zeros elsewhere .
check if the provided filename is a sync file , based on its name .
returns the wavefunction for particle on ring .
test the behavior of - - editable - - outdated flag in the list command
set up fn to only run once within an interpreter instance
return a function that for any input x returns - f ( x )
return the reciprocal of an array , setting all entries equal to 0 as 0 .
returns a link to admin a user
verify that the named file or directory is present or exists .
return from the input string the return code of the powershell command
only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater or equal than the given value
discover openid services for a uri .
bitcast a 32 - bit integer into a float .
returns a list of datacenters associated with a given service instance .
convert datetime to timestamp .
parses mkv file for width and height
checks if the process is alive and not in zombie state .
append some arguments to an http query .
creates a new identity pool .
generates an event list of : class : dircreatedevent and
return last information from osquery
similar to smart _ unicode , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
main xonfig entry point .
check out re - uploaded themes .
creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments
generate an index name from the set of fields it is over .
restore a deleted document .
dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing .
converts a property pb to a python value .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
remove backup files by types .
read from a file if it has been modified .
adds monitoring to a given property or attribute .
user - friendly frontend to run database migrations .
test setting up discrete source spaces
compute proctored exam results report for a course and upload the
pause all activities than cause disk access
context manager that logs the start / end of an operation , and timing information , to a given logger .
calculates a side - by - side line - based difference view .
make sure * args * are equal len before zipping
you can override this include modules when a worker start .
builds a namespace name from the given prefix and identifier
compute the shortest path length between source and all other reachable nodes for a weighted graph .
consume the first item from an iterator , then re - chain it to the rest of the iterator .
wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto , e . g , an image in byte
convert a query instance to the corresponding protobuf .
set the current device configuration .
set the permissions of an object .
display a profile .
decorator for setting up a passive handler .
runs a wsgi - compatible func using fcgi , scgi , or a simple web server , as appropriate based on context and sys . argv .
rewrite icps to force groups
add a channel name on click .
set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure .
query other plugins characteristics .
prints debug information for various public objects like methods , functions , constructors etc .
return a predicate representin whether a * value * is not equal to zero .
computes polynomial lcm of f and g in k [ x ] .
handle movie - list subcommand
sort markers from matches , from the most valuable to the less .
take a windows filetime as integer and convert to datetime .
template for writing list functions
return dict of registry keys and values .
classify one image and return the top 5 classifications
computes the kolmogorov - smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
same as _ find _ iso _ sr except raises a notfound exception if sr cannot be determined
negative poisson log - likelihood of data y _ true given predictions y _ pred .
create a new aggregate with the specified details .
display the tableau window and start the main loop .
create a file with the specified name and write contents to it .
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to 2001 : db8 : : / 32 address space reserved for documentation .
spawn a number of prototyped objects .
create the matrices from the datasets .
the { % if % } tag evaluates a variable , and if that variable is " true "
check that something isnt an attribute or function name etc .
xor two strings
parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition .
task used by result backends without native chord support .
return indices of the topn smallest elements in array x , in ascending order .
block the current greenlet until * io * is ready .
return available opennebula locations .
ensure an apache conf is enabled .
setup the cfg for the clean up utility .
internet gateway filter by internet gateway id
produces a list of yaml strings for dynamic and static handlers .
check that ax = b style system input is dimensionally valid .
generates a json web signature .
update the specified overlay .
download image from the glance image server .
calculates signature as described at : URL
shift a point to the interior of a feasible region .
extract the mac address from provided address .
allocates a range of ids of size for the model _ key defined by model .
creates a virtual datacenter based on supplied parameters .
sends a termination signal to all currently running jobs
argumentparser options namespace .
returns an array of random values over the interval [ 0 , 1 ) .
direct _ declarator : direct _ declarator lparen rparen
the equation of this catagory are . .
warn of deprecation .
receives the client device info from the distributed server .
convert class labels from scalars to one - hot vectors .
returns a random string made from two words from the wordlist , such as " deter - trig " .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
verify if the ip exists on the agents host .
computes the rank of a restricted growth string .
tests plural translations are stored and synced .
sort items / subsequences so that all items and subsequences that an item contains appear before the item itself .
persists new or updated event objects to the database .
restful crud controller for supply distributions - limited to just seeing aggregated data for differential permissions
returns a link to block _ index for editing the course in cms , assuming that the block is actually cms - backed .
unlock a locked file
an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type - 1 equivalent
write the google _ calendar _ devices . yaml .
a custom bytelower sqlite function so we can compare bytestrings in a semi case insensitive fashion .
returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume contribution .
set the spin box color to the value , yellow if it is lower than the default and blue if it is higher .
remap the query result .
returns a list of * all * subclasses of cls , recursively .
test for executable file .
get root device name from image meta data .
update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key : value pair .
get all the circle intersections which exist between all the circle nodes .
count number of failures in a doctest runner .
person controller - used to see pr component tabs , for personal profile & imports - includes components relevant to hrm
kill the process proc created with subprocess .
compute statistics over all compute nodes .
print a list of available images to boot from .
returns a list of matching agents
run a series of changes in parallel .
the tuple _ operator only works on certain engines like mysql or postgresql .
given a bucket name , delete it , optionally emptying it first .
copy a src tree to the dst folder .
initialize custom panel .
parse search term into tuple .
choose analysis package due to file type and file extension .
get the current local configuration manager settings
add only sample tests to the database from the filesystem .
load credentials from an smbclient - style authentication file .
makes a suite from an unsorted sequence of values .
print a status message to stdout .
given a django validationerror , return a list of errordetail , with the code populated .
overridable version of utils . utcnow that can return a tz - aware datetime .
given a list of steps for a cluster , return a list of the step
part the specified channel .
start an instance of the dummyrunner
compares current web2pys version with the latest stable web2py version .
returns link to weblate documentation .
implements the interface id generation algorithm described in rfc 3041 .
return the number of seconds that a slave sql server is lagging behind the master , if the host is not a slave it will return - 1 .
split object id list into two list with commit sha1s and tag sha1s .
get a ctypes array of * nbytes * starting at * ptr * .
executes a one point crossover on : term : sequence individual .
apply a custom eeg referencing scheme .
ensure the grafana dashboard exists and is managed .
this decorator modifies the decorated functions docstring by replacing occurrences of % s with the docstring of the method of the same name from the class cls .
return extended build or sdist command class for recording commit records git commit in ipython . utils . _ sysinfo . commit for use in ipython . utils . sysinfo . sys _ info ( ) calls after installation .
parses a single range value from a range header .
return the service corresponding to a description .
this function returns domain name removing http : / / and https : / / returns domain name only with or without www as user provided .
path component of request - uri , as defined by rfc 2965 .
removes a file reference from the db .
delete addresses to which leads are linked
return dictionary of successors in depth - first - search from source .
loads data out of the kasvs key exchange vector data
corrects metrics and other meta information .
convolve two n - dimensional arrays .
get a value from the config by key
set some headers across all http responses
return the harmonic mean of data .
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
this is an alternative implementation of the sg coefficients .
disable jinja2 autoescape .
return the ttl that we should store our objects with
validates an archivelist .
converts urls into clickable links , truncating urls to the given character limit , and adding rel = nofollow attribute to discourage spamming .
return a list with [ name , descrition ]
rewrite urls in text - like content
returns a list of modified files
recursively resolve all i { $ ref } json references in a json schema .
a simple command - line interface for : py : func : run _ simple .
print a mission file to demonstrate " round trip "
get interpret plugin filenames .
temporarily remove handlers all handlers from a logger .
update an entry to an infoblox dns view name the dns name value the value for the record record _ type the record type dns _ view the dns view to add the record to infoblox _ server the infoblox server hostname infoblox _ user the infoblox user to connect with infoblox _ password the infoblox users password infoblox _ api _ version the infoblox api version to use sslverify should ssl verification be done on the connection to the infoblox rest api
only work on select distros which still use red hats / usr / bin / service for management of either sysvinit or a hybrid sysvinit / upstart init system .
list all the standard networks for this vmware environment
returns a base64 - encoded hmac - sha1 signature of a given string .
return euler angles from rotation matrix for specified axis sequence .
iostats main loop .
pass additional data in a url for internal use .
just return any time struct
get the beveled rectangle .
use lib2to3 to refactor the source .
add an adapter hook which will attempt to look up adapters in the given registry .
one step in hensel lifting in z [ x ] .
print a string with random color with each character
returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
filters all model attributes except for keys item is a dict
wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance , and result .
returns the value of a variable .
implies both must _ have _ addon osfstorage node and handle _ odm _ errors
convert a string version of a function name to the callable object .
returns an icon name based on the filename
assume that if an upstart service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
scale labels to match a brain that was previously created by scaling .
get comparison in order to sort loop areas in descending order of area .
set a desired pin to be high ( 1 ) or low ( 0 ) .
get the quadratic path .
clean the given html .
spawn a new window via ipc call .
computes the circumcircle of a triangle defined by a , b , c .
returns a cleaned acl header value , validating that it meets the formatting requirements for standard swift acl strings .
creates a new basehttprequesthandler sub - class .
this method stubbornly tries to decode header data and convert to pythonic unicode strings .
custom formstyle for s3textfilter
display a satoshi amount scaled .
format mopidy model values for output to mpd client .
reserve network addresses .
differentiate f with respect to symbols .
replace abs values smaller than eps by zero , makes copy
decorator to ensure clean opening and closing of files .
builds a network with subsampling connections .
check if the given locale is available on the system .
read in the salt cloud config and return the dict
checks if an undefined - step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
this will store the current language layout in the context .
setup the gpmdp platform .
get all instances belonging to a host with a different type _ id .
create a directory
kill a scan
set the virtual pkg module if the os is opensuse
unpauses a container name
vectorized version of stats . uniform . entropy .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ diff _ eval .
finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects q5 response metadata
create an elastic interface if necessary and return a network interface specification
download file from url to filename fname if it does not already exist .
get nic stats .
stop following a user .
check the network for an upnp device .
return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees .
puts the transaction manager into a manual state : managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
creates a new record object , given the name of the record , and an object from the same type library .
log into a remote host using ssh / telnet / netcat .
collect object ids seen in a structure
get the size of a disk image
add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths .
return true if e is a pow or is exp .
normalize a time .
gray - level " text " image used for corner detection .
convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
attempts to make a unicode url usuable with urllib / urllib2 .
returns a tuple of or offset mainly because we used to write too short tags in some cases and we need the offset to delete them .
wraps tags around some text and html - escape it .
transfer a part of a multipart upload .
not implemented : idea = returns string : okay , maybe , bad depending on the graphics card .
throws for the disallowed cases .
waits for the user to press a button .
used by parseconfig ( ) to parse just the cache parts of a config .
get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface .
colorizes cheatsheet content if so configured
set ssl certificate private key path for site
convert all tags in an xhtml tree to html by removing their
decode a url - safe base64 - encoded string .
restful crud controller
identify sets of values to use in update statements for a list of states within a post _ update operation .
converts an interval objects coordinates from bed format to gff format .
performs forward substitution given a lower triangular matrix , a vector of variables and a vector constants .
find homography h , such that fp is mapped to tp using the linear dlt method .
returns the trigger object from db given a trigger id .
tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment .
decorator for caching functions which receive a request argument memoized functions with a request argument are memoized only during the rendering of a single view because the request argument is a new request instance on each view .
extract info from a certificate in an handy - to - index - and - query form .
save your session !
argparse type validator for filename arguments .
removes any namespace information form the given element recursively .
a dateordatetime value is either an [ xmlschema - 2 ] date value or an [ xmlschema - 2 ] datetime value .
create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
provide the options for the pifacc filter
return the updated configuration file .
replace labels dict by a new one
represent the open , close as a bar line and high low range as a vertical line .
return a synchronization wrapper for a value
the function used to execute tasks in the background process .
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
build an input string simulating a user entering values in an interactive attended install .
returns the current modelview matrix .
clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
the backend function for laplace transforms .
function executed when running the script with the - remove switch
handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event .
generates a radom cloud instance name
compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means .
recursive call which also handles printing output .
prompt for valid email address .
create a matplotlib colormap that will be updated by the widgets .
conditionally quote an identifier .
helper function to validate tags on elb
create a metadata class from a parser .
returns a string to be used as the slot for the static placeholder field .
return the docstrings for all returners .
create or update a tooldependency for each entry in tool _ dependencies _ config .
transform an article to draft
returns the suffixed dmcrypt volume name .
matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers
call into numba _ attempt _ nocopy _ reshape ( ) for the given array type and instance , and the specified new shape .
format a path list , e . g . , of bin paths to be added or removed , for user - friendly output .
make usable in a dot file .
notify a follow event
snopes - - searches snopes for an urban legend about .
creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel :
some amis specify ebs stores that wont delete on instance termination .
determine whether y is monotonically correlated with x .
update the summary of an collection .
find wsa : action attribute , and return value or wsa . fault for the default .
inverse of _ convert _ string _ array
validate the unicode decode error handler option of codecoptions .
for android only
configures the apis hosted by this server .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
create a tuple containing all elements of tup , plus elem .
initialize animated topomap .
copy source file into . sources dir .
takes a url and prepends the site _ url
send a message to a given channel or nick .
defines an abort function due to unresolved symbol .
load data from csv files into the given database session .
create a virtualenv and optionally manage it with pip name
get new derivation .
applies fun to variables in varnames before launching the function
calculate the nri of the selected group .
custom transform for the nose . tools module .
start the server loop
produces a list of datetime . date objects representing the weekdays in a particular month , given a year .
get an image or raise if it does not exist .
estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
construct a knot vector appropriate for the order - k interpolation .
parse asctime - style dates
saves an explorationrights or collectionrights domain object to the datastore .
user can login
compute a image of the local average
load and instantiate all client tests .
create a dict representing a typedvalue api object .
start a script that is a peer of this test as a subprocess .
return true if the byte ordinal c is a hexadecimal digit in ascii .
add perlican defaults
make a web call to a parallels provider
set the icondata for object , formatted as produced by _ geticon ( )
return repo details for the specified saltenv as a namedtuple
update resource of quotas .
remove user from group .
transforms all the equals signs = to instances of eq .
returns sha - 256 hash of a given file .
attach bumper transcript .
asserts that the revision set on the given location is mongorevisionkey . published
list all the os - api extensions that are available .
return a dict with information about the current platform .
fix each of the paths of the list .
a bunch of = = = characters is also considered a blank line
performs in - place sort of filterchain results .
updates a security group
index page for authenticated users activity stream .
get a node by id .
returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user .
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression lparen rparen
sends an api get request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
get the drive letters for a connected device .
get info for a given subject
construct a pooling matrix , optionally with overlapping pools arranged in a 1 or 2d topology .
get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
decorator to ensure that the decorated function returns the given type as argument .
tv for me
parses as rawsocket url into its components and returns a tuple .
the following kwarg properties are supported % s
gets the zone object for a given domain name .
clear any lxc variables set in _ _ context _ _
fetch a list of urls
provides normalized version of item for sorting with digits .
try to apply the pattern at the start of the string , returning a match object , or none if no match was found .
setup the denon platform .
open a file thru the finder .
stops all instances for the given version of the module .
call a fortran routine , and preserve input shape
migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
unlock the given keychain with the password keychain
copy parser _ result into parsertestresult instances .
return the entire source file and starting line number for an object .
create a new data . xml index file , by combining the xml description files for various packages and collections .
return true if event loop is running .
parses actions from a buffer b is a buffer offset , if specified , is where in b to start decoding returns
returns the union of two lists .
look for a library in the system .
case activities : restful crud controller
determine whether already running in transaction .
sort the compensation data .
orthogonal matching pursuit step using the cholesky decomposition .
segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments , if count is nonzero .
calculates the levenshtein distance between a and b .
jacobian of a * y is a .
gets the real function object of the wrapped object by functools . wraps or functools . partial .
permanently delete a firewall rule .
helper method that checks that the expected problems are visible on the current page .
return the object referenced by a qualified name .
returns the value of the user - agent header to use for update requests .
returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs .
delete a file and dont raise an error if it doesnt exist .
checks the firstset for the pattern .
return the number of jobs .
returns the default dir to save content to .
mark key as enabled .
returns a list of sentences , where punctuation marks have been split from words .
get a hemisphere from a given source space .
emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ post _ update _ commands ( ) .
takes a model and returns the ready - to - serialise dict .
generate an info refs file .
save an array as in image file .
parse a requirements file and yield installrequirement instances .
run num _ games games to completion , keeping track of each position and move of the learner .
get the current : class : ~ matplotlib . axes . axes instance on the current figure matching the given keyword args , or create one .
checks if a user is registered with given user _ id .
returns a user - friendly name descriping the given objects type .
check whether locale data is available for the given locale .
get the numba type class for buffer - compatible python * typ * .
the html of a previewed page is written to the destination browser window using document . write .
runs a function or executes a code snippet asynchronously .
subroutine to create a list box .
validates a device name for instance .
correctly - rounded true division for integers .
ensure utf8 bytes
do the selected operation .
apply montage to data .
restful crud controller
converts an image into a network input .
returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
creates ssl context containing certificate and key file locations .
return : const : true if : class : ~ datetime . datetime is naive .
convert an openssl library failure into a python exception .
write a python program that creates a list .
for each source message , get its best translation from translations .
update global state when a task has been reserved .
add a user to the locale role .
checks for a cross above conditions over the specified period between two dataseries objects .
called if no url matches .
return threshold value based on adaptation of lis minimum cross entropy method .
a function which instantiates the object named in thetype from the type in profile passing optional args of kwargs .
it should support download from pypi from a requirements file
only load if grafana4 module is available
download the resource pointed to by url using https securely .
old versions of python - ldap wont get dn escaping .
expression : number
restful controller for goals
return a gcp connection for google cloud dns .
a logic heavy function for automagically creating a breadcrumb .
dummy key _ function for testing index code .
register a new documenter .
only succeed if the value in the given register location is equal to the given value
encodes multipart post data from a dictionary of form values .
change the name of the qapplication instance .
return the latest downloadable repository _ metadata record for the received repository if its includes _ tools attribute is true .
create a hold on the participants credit card .
remove a function if is on hook .
remove files / directories in the black list dirnames / filenames are usually from os . walk
relational _ expression : relational _ expression le shift _ expression
builds syslog - ng configuration .
print a list of events
reset review counts in the dashboard when deleting repository objects .
start the rabbitmq application .
predict float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units
removes all roles from a user on a tenant , removing them from it .
a decorator to automatically re - route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _ method query string .
remove a tag from question .
install the passed package ( s ) on the system using winrepo
wrap long strings in the series / index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width .
test movement compensation .
run experiment k : number of cv folds test : whether to evaluate on test set
docstring for install _ openblas
validate the local , or username , portion of a jid .
if the string starts from the prefix , the prefix is removed .
return a cleaned up host with given url options set
create a sysex message from a command id and the optional arguments command _ id - command or reply id arguments - a number of 7 bit values depending on command or reply id the maximum number of arguments is 16
this signs the user in .
a convenience wrapper for memoizing properties .
returns a dict describing specific flavor _ id .
displays a search form for searching the list .
takes a library name and calls find _ library in case loading fails , since some girs dont include the real . so name .
return unique prefixed admin identifier within folder optionally making sure that id is not in the check _ list .
tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted .
translates the configuration property name to match those that are accepted in hadoop _ version .
deserialize any string or stream like object into a python data structure .
copies the source directory to the dest directory .
sets a mine at a specific coordinate .
get all clusters that match the criteria .
create an spm preprocessing workflow with freesurfer registration and artifact detection .
process all pending gui events
register models and create metadata .
create a numpy ndarray of symbols .
simple function to return if host is sunos or not
returns the user - specific site - packages directory path .
merge a result from a legacy opcode into the full results .
computes the spectral flux feature of the current frame
select tests that are tagged with at least one of the given tags .
execute the passed command and return the output as a string .
recognize image headers
a post structure with extensions .
load a given resource from the nltk data package .
run a synchronous query w / timeout
create or update attachment specs .
identifier _ list : id
run facter and return the results
connect a triggered action to a function
read processing history from fiff file .
updates the current versions of rbenv and ruby - build runas
convert a path to its canonical , case - normalized , absolute version .
get the bracket values and delete the evaluator .
returns a list of locales found in the " locales " property of the manifest .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
verify the hash method name and create the hash method .
send message to backend with provided transmissions .
deletes an object .
add two matrices , at least one of which is sparse .
given a policy name and version , delete it .
enable the use of baked queries for all lazyloaders systemwide .
expands a style in order to more quickly make color map changes .
fold and convert padding requests : integers in the output sequence are requests for at least n newlines of padding .
filters the bears capabilities by languages .
a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
return the first result of a shell command
contributors across the site .
prints the version number of the source
same as normalize _ index ( ) , but operating on sequences of index types and values .
return number of bits needed to encode given number .
returns a course discovery api client setup with authentication for the specified user .
return true if run / start are in sync return false if run / start are out of sync
helper to guess the content - type from the filename .
pre - process one image for training or evaluation .
calculates the iqr for each column in an array
return scaling factor , origin and direction from scaling matrix .
creates a tensor by tiling x by n .
get the value of the key name in kwargs , or die with die _ fn .
update a cache entry and return its list of lines .
return a symbolic matrix variable .
get the default realm of an entity
list scsi devices , with details
format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype .
download the signed archive for a given public extension / version .
make payment request
create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
kill all processes listening within the given namespace .
find a cloud server by id or name
get a blobinfo record from blobstore .
converts greek letters to latin equivalents .
compute the match strength for the individual * x * on the string * y * excluding noise * n * .
split list in n equal pieces .
given a valid region name , return a
randomly draw feature and sample indices .
create an electrode definition , transform coords if necessary .
if using embedded etcd , loads the data directory from master - config . yaml .
parse a comma - separated list of column indices and / or names into a list of integer indices .
returns a slice of the list .
add x paths outputs to outputs .
test expand mode
return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
helper function for unquote _ slashes
return the storage repository to hold vm images .
decrement the reference count of a libvlc instance , and destroy it if it reaches zero .
compute the live variables at the beginning of each block and at each yield point .
verify context has admin rights according to policy settings .
propagates an exchanges result to the participants balance and the routes status .
converts block device mappings for an instance to driver format .
this returns all of the orgs that are considered in site configurations or microsite configuration ,
context manager for recording log messages .
updates in memory toolbox dictionary .
create a temporary adminfile based on the keyword arguments passed to pkg . install .
print a list of tasks
a little helper method to check if the lookup _ parts contains references to the given aggregates set .
get track listing from musicbraiz by album id .
returns a random # from 0 to n - 1
resize an image
get the arounds from the path .
returns true if the media type in the first argument < = the media type in the second argument .
show the settings as parsed from the config file .
returns a list of all the node and sub nodes .
verifies that the specified ssh key is present for the specified user name
require afrikaans tutorial .
takes as input a 4 - d tensor .
parse string list into list of tuples : command , args , kwargs , hosts , roles .
get geometry output by sorted , nested loops .
returns an e - commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user .
saves a list of pages into the given context variable .
collinss modular resultant algorithm in q [ x ] .
get group information .
a decorator that tuple - ize the result of a function .
return an approximation of the input wkb with lower - precision geometry .
runs a wsgi - function with an scgi server .
immunohistochemical staining with hematoxylin counterstaining .
parses create or delete event .
converts an labjackud valid error code to a string .
get an fxa profile for an access token .
gets the expected cost category of a short number when dialled from a region .
return the tokens of a sentence including punctuation .
returns set of all seq ids from libs
prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds .
admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form .
assert a = = b , with repr messaging on failure .
virtual field : contacts
helper to support a clean default uninstall process on windows
imports a finder function from a dotted path .
decorated functions will run , and if they come back with a 429 and retry - after header , will wait and try again .
modify an entry in an ldap database .
main converter function .
given a parsed version from pkg _ resources . parse _ version , returns a new version string with the next minor version .
generate a uuid from a host id , sequence number , and the current time .
add an element of the ground domain to f .
get the absolute path of the module with the passed name .
delete expired console authorizations belonging to the host .
given a pathdirwildcard , compute a pathglobs object that encompasses its children .
pass a different cubetype e . g . gl _ line _ strip for wireframes
permute the dimensions of an input variable without copy .
get next / previous search results .
generate 2 gaussians samples with different covariance matrices
converts prefixed uris to full uris .
update mock _ s3 _ fs with a map from bucket name to key name to data and time last modified .
return the tm using empirical formulas based on gc content .
return true if the graph is biconnected , false otherwise .
return the pids for processes matching a pattern .
parse the basepair frequencies .
convert color temperature to rgb .
a style family
find the binary dependencies of pth .
check the response to a command for errors .
provides a bit to bit xor of provided addresses .
get the exported version of a gcode file .
abort the current request immediately by returning an http exception .
attempt to get the cache object and update till it works
get the smartos image .
returns true if the item and track info index is different .
try to turn a string into utf - 8 if possible .
given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test values , return the fraction of corresponding values that are equal .
adds a junction to the _ current _ statement .
return the details of a tag and all its datasets .
marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
copy keys starting with prefix
get flavors pci request .
write test pack data from a concise spec .
checks if any files are present within a directory and all sub - directories .
returns the currently selected language .
fuse consecutive add or mul in one such node with more inputs .
returns a caveman graph of l cliques of size k .
collect file trees for all add - ons implementing hgrid views , then format data as appropriate .
returns the api instance in which this api function is being ran
send set _ position _ target _ local _ ned command to request the vehicle fly to a specified location in the north , east , down frame .
reset the database used by the bokchoy tests .
extracts list of variables within input and output nodes via dfs travesal and returns the orphans among them
this decorator activates commit on response .
reverse a url name and return a working url .
sets a cron job up for a specified user .
setup the demo light platform .
get a category from the database .
return list of minima of the orbits of indices in group of dummies see double _ coset _ can _ rep for the description of dummies and sym indices is the initial list of dummy indices
print out the data passed into the function * args and kwargs , this is used to both test the publication data and cli argument passing , but also to display the information available within the publication data .
call every notification handler for a notification .
parses the command line arguments .
refer to figurefactory . create _ gantt ( ) for docstring
we eventually make classes out of the objects in graph _ reference .
decorator for views that require moderator status of a group .
remove a volume group .
returns a translation object .
process children by index value .
return the disabled services .
update some auxiliary information in * array * after some of its fields were changed .
takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content _ type , bytes fields if swift _ bytes is set .
wrapper function that calls : func : theano . tensor . signal . pool _ 2d either with the new or old keyword argument names expected by theano .
all the rdatasets have the integer row . labels from r if there is no real index .
return threshold value based on the mean of grayscale values .
infer the most likely frequency given the input index .
the smallest integer k such that b ^ k > = n .
import the items in import _ directives and return a list of the imported items
returns whether the specified unicode character is a letter or a number .
displays mean average cpc , position , clicks , and total cost for estimate .
serialize * element * to human - readable xml suitable for tests .
check all internal values of the graph that compute the variable out for occurrences of values identical with x .
generator for a list / tuple that potentially contains nested / lists / tuples of arbitrary nesting that returns every individual non - list / tuple element .
read data from source and target files and put into buckets .
computes the distance travelled along a polygonal curve in * n * dimensions .
opens resource either as a file with open ( ) or as url with urlopen ( ) .
creates example button , storing name on client
get the members from the group .
attempts to get rid of a machine and all its files from the hypervisor
wait for a group of spot requests to be fulfilled , or fail .
check if an object is of a type that probably means its data .
build a well - formatted iptables rule based on kwargs .
create a zendesk ticket via api .
returns information about the swift cluster that has been previously registered with the register _ swift _ info call .
return the value of the kind argument
check if a string represents a none value .
retrieves entities from the datastore and times them .
return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
temporarily attaches a receiver to the provided signal within the scope of the context manager .
return a human - readable string representation of variant .
initalize the platform with devices .
binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x .
compute the rank of a linear inverse operator .
return a networkx graph from a pydot graph .
note that this is not a vectorized function
upper limit on a poisson count rate
returns the python version as a dot - separated string .
finds the total squared error from k - means clustering the inputs
scales the image down and crops it so that its size equals exactly the size passed .
return the cumulative density function as an expression in x
fetch lyrics from lyrics . com .
process the xml element by geometryoutput .
replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op
parses tag input , with multiple word input being activated and delineated by commas and double quotes .
return the queue size where available ; - 1 where not .
context manager that copies the source file to a temporary destination .
extracts all documentation texts inside the given source - code - string .
sets the name property for the document based on various rules .
find all clusters which are above / below a certain threshold .
return a list of runtime - editable config options keys that can be updated with : py : func : ~ ckan . logic . action . update . config _ option _ update .
add object as secion / keyword to ini database
only run on openbsd systems
replaces all values that are single - item iterables with the value of its index 0 .
fetch and process each file contained in filenames .
send an image . send message to the notifier .
clean mongo test databases
generate kernel _ arg _ type _ qual metadata
a wrapper to retry a function using rpc call in case of
maps keys for snapshots details view .
run main function .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
change the local state to match the given desired state .
convert a dns wire format message into a message object .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
expose available file formats .
parse manifest file
intercept attempts to save and sort the tag field alphabetically , so we wont have different permutations in the filter list .
callback for key = value pairs
create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal .
returns the current time .
return a list of available images
equality _ expression : equality _ expression eq relational _ expression
add flavor access for the given tenant .
packs a string - typed property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
get the triangle mesh for the obj file .
generate one random byte string .
yield path for each cython extension packages setup file .
returns a link to a document endpoint .
fix service attributes that should be unique .
return ldapobject instance by opening ldap connection to specified ldap host
modifies a view function so its response has the x - frame - options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type
this is needed as some exceptions coming from the os are already encoded and so just calling unicode ( e ) will result in an unicodedecodeerror as the string isnt in ascii form .
sends a message on a fanout exchange to a specific server .
create an array with a 3 dimensional rotation matrix .
run a command through subprocess .
configure logging into a buffer for / logs endpoint .
get groups for table on specified keys .
test that we can pickle all estimators
require tutorial test project .
emits signal after the team is saved .
creates anonymous user instance with id and username from settings .
create a continuous random variable with an exponential distribution .
compute a logistic regression model for a list of regularization parameters .
using a greedy approach here for speed
walk up the python tree from method meth , finding its class , its module and all containing packages .
normalized hermite polynomial .
create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc _ * .
return all file type extensions supported by pygments
applies a changelist to a pristine exploration and returns the result .
restful crud controller
unary _ expression : postfix _ expression
memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base _ seq ( n ) - - callable to get base sequence elements
check to see if an iam role exists .
a helper to copy a single file across app servers
create an iis binding .
friendly wrapper around popen for windows
generate " identity key " tuples , as are used as keys in the
try to eliminate x _ 0 from gcd computation in k [ x ] .
testsuite replacement entry point .
emit the network statistics of this host .
return local gradient of an image .
return zacharys karate club graph .
get the number of host queue entries associated with this job .
plot event related potential / fields image on topographies .
write graph g in yaml format to path .
return the s - metric of graph .
method to calculate the score from merged monitor files .
create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 .
create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
create a new disk snapshot .
normalizes the word for synsets ( ) or sentiwordnet [ ] by removing diacritics .
find all pure nash equilibria of a normal form game by brute force .
returns the edges from g , handling keys for multigraphs as necessary .
increase stream retention period to retention _ hours
convert a prototype such as ljava / lang / string ; into a string ljava _ lang _ string " so we can append that to the method _ mymethod if its export python name contains the prototype
build an movie object for a given episode of a series .
create a health monitor and associate with pool
open the given http resource and return status , headers , and body .
append the leafs in the node to the given subtype .
a view that tests a simple form
being similar to get _ parallels , returns control points of two quadrativ bezier lines having a width roughly parralel to given one separated by * width * .
documents a resource action
create non matching filter .
return an unordered sequence of all classes related to cls .
extract namespace name from _ _ namespace _ _ key .
return size of an item of arbitrary type
add the x intersections for a loop .
return system per - cpu times as a namedtuple
create a topicsread object for the user and a topic .
shows all form errors as a message .
get key from consul
get all pci devices for one host .
retrieve the output of a sql query taking advantage of the dns resolution mechanism by making request back to attackers machine .
create a fir filter like that used by mne - c .
get a standard vispy demo data file
get the nsview handler previously set with l { libvlc _ media _ player _ set _ nsobject } ( ) .
upload an index file for pip to s3 .
a feature encoding the size of the own - stone group that is put into atari by playing at a location
test whether a path is absolute
perform a query directly against the vultr rest api
cast an address to a python int
create the hash digest for a text .
get product context
update the quotas for a quota class .
aborts active jobs .
set print format as default
set interactive mode to boolean b .
detects entities in the text .
import a class and return an instance of it .
interprets the return code of the odr routine .
blocks until server at urlstring can respond to http requests
returns the model class of which the specified object is an instance .
calls the appropriate cmd class looks for a cmd in args and kwargs or calls the tvdbshorthandwrapper when the first args element is a number or returns an error that there is no such cmd
get user _ id and key from module configuration , environment , or dotfile .
returns whether the request has come from logout action to see if is _ from _ logout attribute is present .
set rules based on the provided dict of rules .
matches with the closest architecture option
unzip a file to a directory
remove the temp directory .
the main program sets up the commands then delegates to one of them .
extract metadata from the totalresult .
main entry point for ansiblemodule
determine the kit layout .
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
transform an integer string into an ip address .
validate cloud storage options .
returns the pair for a given list
yield n successive chunks from l
create a valid pem file with ca certificates and return the path .
create and return manifest instance from resource in dll / exe file
generates the requested cmap from its * name * .
a fatal error , bail out .
create operations to read the mnist input file .
this function does nothing .
display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons .
determine what branch head is associated with .
signal the minion to refresh the pillar data .
create an rgb representation of a gray - level image .
translate psea secondary structure string into hec .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
logs a user in .
decode jpeg encoded byte string .
read settings from a text .
check if the distribution has configuration files to work on .
decorator a given class as implementing * iterator _ type * ( by providing an iternext ( ) method ) .
omnibus test for normality
check to see if policy exists .
convert a value to an integer if possible .
private method that returns true if the service version description document indicates that the desired version is supported
parse a datatime string and returns a datetime in iso format .
check for old queue
create another shared variable with matching shape and broadcast .
sends user a confirmation to the given email .
method for getting configuration override values for a fake site .
edit project alias form view
import sample data into geonode
show a flash message of type success
a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods .
return the current disk usage stats for the named mount point name
testing method to reset globals .
sanitize a timeout value to use an absolute expiration time if the delta is greater than 30 days .
tries to import the aes module from pycrypto .
intended mainly for p , q polynomials in z [ x ] so that , on dividing p by q , the quotient will also be in z [ x ] .
negative binomial log - likelihood - - type p
formats a time according to the given format .
returns the path between node u and node v as a list of node ids .
return true if the minion id matches the given compound target minion _ id
return a standardized name for the given type if it is a known type .
require the / it / tutorial / tutorial . po store .
some platforms put things in lib64 / pythonx . y instead of lib / pythonx . y .
takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it .
restore a file version to original state
ensure topic rule exists .
returns an inlineformset for the given kwargs .
find best - matching blas / lapack type .
returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
test that dtype _ info _ name is giving the expected output
takes the replacement template and some info about the match and returns filled template
purge the varnish cache
get package data
sparse to contigous mapping inserter .
returns a new environment .
create a message object and checks it , but doesnt send it or save it to the database .
sort the given list of items by dependency .
simple function to generate urls with the base github url .
restful crud controller
returns the current domains referer url .
set up the python - musicbrainz - ngs module according to settings from the beets configuration .
parses the lang _ string , which is the body of an http accept - language header , and returns a list of , ordered by q values .
returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset .
if using a mongo - backed modulestore & contentstore , drop the collections .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back - end database management system
return process _ open _ files information from osquery
get the line with a valuestring .
parses the request , returning a multidict of form variables .
copy file sourcefile to directory destdir , preserving metadata .
tries to remove . pid from the main autotest directory .
replace $ meta in docstring with param description .
creates a variant of the cifarnet model .
create a new container name
crash to the log if command execution was not successful .
convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing
get cycle class by name .
return a post - order ordering of nodes in the graph .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
load interface driver for agents like dhcp or l3 agent .
compute a fractional power of an upper triangular matrix .
instantiate a list of dipoles .
get the byte order mark if it exists .
the view that returns the map composer opened to the map with the given map id .
returns a fudge . fake exhibiting function - like attributes .
a wsgi application which sets a cookie , and returns as a response any cookie which exists .
encoder using sha1 .
list all the hosts for this vmware environment
return a set of guessit . language created from their given string representation .
redirect to github - hosted documentation .
mangle c type name
internal routine to update global package directory cache
when the contribution table is updated with the data from paypal , update the addon purchase table .
return the path of the statsmodels data dir .
process the tag pattern .
return system information for grains of the nx os proxy minion . .
return square - free decomposition of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
colors one field by another .
run the sympy test suite
uninstall an npm package .
get the path component of an url , excludes siteurl also normalizes to / for relpath to work , otherwise it could be interpreted as a relative filesystem path
refer to figurefactory . create _ violin ( ) for docstring .
parses a schema file and returns a _ schema object .
renders the resource group details .
given a root directory path and a list of . dockerignore patterns , return an iterator of all paths in the root directory that do * not * match any of the patterns .
represent multiple types
convert an object to an abstract object tree .
handles re - assembling of a distance matrix from component vectors
restful crud controller
most of the time , a simple score function is enough to build a selector .
method to transfer a file via ftp .
tries to determine the default locale settings and returns them as tuple .
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 strings .
counts the word drop and add errors as a bag of words .
compute the angle of the frequency spectrum of x * .
calculate a one - dimensional correlation along the given axis .
list partitions by disk
if there are deltas to reserve , construct a quotas object and reserve the deltas for the given project .
add an attribute to an existing declarative class .
determine if the root device is a volume .
bandpass filter the input files
creates a pipeline that does the same diffusion processing as in the
parse a particular type of iso8601 formatted timestamp
set the region for the current request lifecycle .
mount filesystem at a temporary mountpoint with options .
execute queries against sqlite3 , merge and return as a dict
read both user configuration and local configuration .
dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
returns a list of dictionaries of sequences split by the coordinates .
return utf - 8 encoding for string objects .
get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
reduce elems using fn to combine them from left to right .
intersect distance matrices and sort the values
execute external command and capture its output
format subdir path to limit the number directories in any given subdirectory to 100 .
outputs basic profiling information at the bottom of each response .
project image rois into the rescaled training image .
validates * route _ dist * as string representation of route distinguisher .
updates list of known packages .
this waits for the timeout on each host .
randomly do one of the following : 1 .
check the given url against the callbacks list .
get the overhang support angle in radians .
plot 2d topography of evoked responses .
loads a template and renders it with the current context , if it exists .
process the xml element by derivation .
decorator to retry a db api call if deadlock was received .
build and submit the xml to create a node
get information and statistics about the server
link to a github user .
helper for ask ( ) .
uses the global sublime cache retrieve the entry for the name .
list the messages in folder name and let the user choose one .
returns a function which calls attrname - for function aliasing .
process hourly logs from entire month .
returns the closest begin , that is open
load a configuration from readthedocs . yml file .
formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use , but takes the current locale into account .
return a string md5 of the current config options .
returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g .
request to have bulk email sent as a background task .
listen to salt events and forward them to logentries
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
decode a bson subdocument to opts . document _ class or bson . dbref . dbref .
input checker utility for building a cross - validator
removes first and last quotes from a string , if the string starts and ends with the same quotes
checks to see if a grant exists in the database
converts a colors in a dictioanry of colors to the specified color type
convert http time format to posix time .
projects in new and noteworthy should not have common contributors
decorator used for marking the beginning and end of function calls .
returns an iterator of edge objects for the given list of nodes .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
return a state error dictionary , with sid as a field if it could be returned if user is none , sid will also be none
get new derivation .
use an etag _ func ( ) that returns an unquoted etag .
update the named lambda function to the configuration .
read in previously saved objects from a file
calculate the running average of losses .
run a subrequest , and follow the redirection if any .
reconstruct skeleton matrix from id .
choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency .
remove duplicates from list preserving order
get one or more salt process environment variables .
generate a wrapper for calling a method .
enables learning in the cla models spatial pooler
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
process one job
computes edit between to strings of equal len designed for strings of nucleotides , not bits
write a line of the contents file .
create the parser for the program .
return a list of all users
prepend timestamp to a message in a standard way .
given the name , return a greeting for a person of that name .
upgrades each table in options . options . tables .
encoder for extensions of messageset .
submit a callback object to a given event loop .
get categories of a repository on the tool shed side from the database via id
log the rescaling method .
produces a sideways probability distribution fig violin plot .
removes all $ ( ) syntax and mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it .
compute the average hamming loss .
fetches information of a specific ipsecpolicy
download a named update so that it can be installed later with the update or update _ all functions
expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression
utf - 8 bare byte encoding , just a normal utf - 8 encoding .
internal helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions , given a tag name
convert a string to bool value .
provide an alternative for os . path . samefile on windows / python2
remove the lexer / parser modules that are dynamically created .
post a comment .
constructs the criteria url from the course about page .
efficiently generate n - th cyclotomic polnomial .
return a cleaned string with token sorted .
a feature wrapping gamestate . is _ ladder _ capture ( ) .
convert string into an identifier and return it .
decorator taking two methods to acquire / release a lock as argument , returning a decorator function which will call the inner method after having called acquire et will call release afterwards .
uses fishers method to combine multiple tests of a hypothesis .
parse hybi - 07 frames in a highly compliant manner .
get flavor access by flavor id .
fetch principals from permission backend for the specified userid .
get the root directory for all zipline - managed files .
make sure gnu gettext utilities are available
launch a scan
creates an integration response for a given method in a given api
same as with _ bare _ repo , but clones the rorepo as non - bare repository , checking out the working tree at the given working _ tree _ ref .
check if named file may contain media
clones the bench repository in the user folder
register a new context .
send an email to requesting user with the decision made about their request .
create a step chart using : class : stepbuilder to render the geometry from the inputs .
returns numerical interval based on optionals num _ pre , num _ post values
render the admin sidebar .
returns a queryset from a model , manager , or queryset .
sets tags on a security group . .
return a composition of two functions
returns the minimum level of messages to be recorded .
runs a2dismod for the given mod .
transforms an objective function fn into a sample - weighted , cost - masked objective function fn .
returns a client connected to the keystone backend .
returns a list of dictionaries of data which can be used to draw a series of violin plots .
extract datetime objects from a string of text .
list logical volumes paths for given volume group .
ensure python support is loaded for a type library , generating if necessary .
execute js event from front end on virtual tab
obtain a cert using a user - supplied csr
split a long string into parts where each part is no longer than strlen and no word is cut into two pieces .
gets phrases from a module .
return the pid or an empty string if the process is running or not .
normalizes filter and order query components .
clear the current figure
dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
return the list of svn remotes and their configuration information
returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
safely check for pyqt4 / 5 , pyside or pyside2 , without importing submodules
open connection to database .
create an absolute url for the given path .
check if object is an orm field or expression .
load all module and package in the given directory , looking for a register function in each one , used to register pylint checkers
resample a dataframe with minute data into the frame expected by a
extract ipv4 address embbeded in 6to4 address .
returns the quoted , escaped string for database entry .
get as close to the repo root as possible .
find a module in a set of possible folders .
set networks kwargs for a server create if missing
get settings variables used for filebrowser listing .
match a variable with the - x pattern .
build a behave feature model from a tabular description .
run a command and raise runtimeerror if it fails .
return a graph from pandas dataframe .
drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 .
only load the module if memcached is installed
flips the clip horizontally
get slices for the overlapping part of a small and a large array .
generate a short hashed thumbnail filename .
encode ros handshake header as a byte string .
recursively merge two dictionaries
return an int representing the amount of memory that has not been given to virtual machines on this node
return the contents of the specified users crontab
returns true if the input is related to jokes / humor .
add intersections of the line with the x segment .
return complement of s .
run a shell command on a remote host .
generic validation function .
add a and b exactly , returning the result as two float64s .
get tuple of indices where the max value of array x occurs .
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
returns true if the given as number is two octet .
helper function to generate s3request instances
iterate coronal slices .
returns the points to use for interpolating p
for each descriptor in the first image , select its match in the second image .
this calls the windows regqueryinfokey function in a unicode safe way .
check that mongo is running
test io for forward solutions
launch a browser pointing to the url
handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created
convert list of image frames to a gif animation file
get object references of the type .
add spyder dependency
take a change author and source and translate them into a user object , storing the user in master . db , or returning none if the src is not specified .
triggers backup mapper jobs .
decode string encoded by unicode _ string
get the data from an extension of a fits file .
transform vispy specific command line args to vispy config .
plot evoked time courses for one or multiple channels and conditions .
returns the rendered common footer
find the section and unit urls for a block .
set the * x * axis label of the current axis to * s *
will check if the configuration was changed .
instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it .
compute the p - th power of the l * * p distance between two arrays .
put message ( s ) on hold from the mail queue
consume raw json from the npm registry via args . path , and spit out
returns a list of tuples of all images .
verify that the given package is installed and is at the correct version .
formats the difference between two times in millis as xd : xh : xm : xs
returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
add a newly generated file to the cache dictionary .
remove keyword in section
return a list of available security groups
validate the username .
creates appropriate database using params .
parses the lang _ string , which is the body of an http accept - language header , and returns a list of , ordered by q values .
assignment command section 9 . 1 . 2
import csv file into database
download an archive for a given extension / version , signed on - the - fly with reviewers certificate .
create the static geojsons that the app needs
parse accept header .
dump a bunch of theming information , for debugging .
rq versions < 0 . 3 . 6 suffered from a race condition where workers , when abruptly terminated , did not have a chance to clean up their worker registration , leading to reports of ghosted workers in rqinfo .
setup the raspberry pi gpio devices .
use the ciscoconfparse library to find the crypto maps that are using pfs group2
render buttons for form
synchronise the database - postgresql support not yet available ! - for mysql , this assumes that / root / . my . cnf is configured on both test & prod to allow the root ssh user to have access to the mysql db without needing - u root - p
declares a few key flags .
predicate that returns true if the sheet exists
sets an instance of : class : sessionstore in the request registry .
construct the map grid from the batch object
loads the dataset
rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people
given a trail name describe its properties .
find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
special handler for api - call set _ config [ rss ]
create a new request for configuration .
plot scores related to detected components .
modify 20 units at a time
compute dot product between a 2 - d tensor and a 1 - d tensor .
returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys .
class decorator to set metaclass .
return pairs in ascending start _ page order for each contiguous region of nonresident pages indicated by the mincore ( ) status _ bytes .
return server version from varnishd - v
check if any shows in list contain anime
ensure db parameter group exists and update parameters .
returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories .
create an object in the db .
broadcast the given array to the target _ shape .
read files / cache , reduce the data , format as html
recomputes the svntool client backend to use .
initialize a vector shared variable with zero elements .
consume the queue by reading lines off of it and yielding them .
download larger data sets for various bokeh examples .
returns timestamp of the given file
handle command line for a windows service
get terminal size on ms windows .
closes the database again at the end of the request .
return the subset of points from a set of points that were the closest to each other in the 2d plane .
return the platform dependent orange data directory .
convert nova route list into os _ vif object
write the last errors traceback to the cherrypy error log .
returns a lazy messages context variable .
conditional rejects invalid user - defined output layer
manage ip list for smtp relay connections .
pair the bluetooth adapter with a device
store initial subtask information to instructortask object .
behaves the same as run ( ) with the following exceptions : - commands is a list of commands to run in parallel .
set dnsmasq facts if not already present in facts
tries to find proxies by interrogating all the users settings .
delete an aggregate .
websocket masking function .
stop the flask web server , from the context of the flask app .
list actions on a server .
create a url pointing to kuma .
classic marching cubes algorithm to find surfaces in 3d volumetric data .
compares the two images , pixel by pixel , and returns a new image containing the lighter values .
attempt to open a binary file and return the descriptor
injects new commands into the codecommit subcommand .
command : for id equals expr to expr optstep
combine dictionaries with non - overlapping keys
returns the ip address contained in the remote _ addr header , if present .
only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion
require an nginx site to be enabled .
only load if boto is available .
send a notification about an instance .
common logic to run a script on a container
removes a common space prefix from the lines of a multiline text .
decorator for views that require the user to be logged in
a pipeline stage that groups the items of each task into albums using their metadata .
perform the actual data loading for the lfw pairs dataset
copy the install files to a remote windows box , and execute them
get the text feedback displayed after the feedback form is filled out
return a service .
returns formatted utcnow .
remove a mds
test whether a path exists .
calculate the cumulative incidence function and its standard error .
recursively copy the cache of records to the environment env .
returns the predicative adjective : belles = > beau .
ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface , then release the socket and return the address which was allocated .
list the installed versions of ruby
create a new figure manager instance
wrapper around create that allows us to specify a database and also parse the model data to compress extra fields .
warning user based policy enforcement used in the rule but the rule doesnt support it .
serialize a tarfile . tarinfo instance
download ssh public key from remote host " hostname " , optionally validate its fingerprint against " fingerprint " variable and save the record in the known _ hosts file .
train estimator on training subsets incrementally and compute scores .
similar to escape ( ) , except that it doesnt operate on pre - escaped strings .
check that email is valid .
process elementnode by svgreader .
return the era names used by the locale for the specified format .
request configuration steps from the user .
load a list of objects .
retrieve the output of a sql query taking advantage of the error - based
get all access keys from a user .
call c { main } and run the reactor until the l { deferred } it returns fires .
restful crud controller
retrieve the content of all buckets and cache the metadata to the buckets cache file
multidimensional gaussian filter .
does mean pooling via a theano graph .
return the url for the default review board support page .
decorator that activates manual transaction control .
parse and return request data , raise valueerror in case of invalid json data .
given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records .
create an invariant for a field holding a pmap .
checks to see if a file is locked .
convenience function for removing temporary test files or dirs
for adding bindings for banners and pods to the template context .
get a filename to read from the blob .
the pdf of a multivariate normal distribution .
returns a form field for a db . referenceproperty .
update the user preferences for the given user .
returns a main function in module if it exists and is valid or none .
cleans a ipv6 address string .
decorator to support conditional retrieval for a view function .
get a dictionary mapping field names to unary functions that compute the fields value .
redact header values that can contain sensitive information that should not be logged .
returns a list of modules in loader . conf that load on boot .
applies a filter on a sequence of objects or looks up an attribute .
returns true if the string was written using special methods ,
create both a and ptr records for a host .
stop a launchd service .
only load if grafana4 module is available
return the number of a month by english name
only load if boto is available .
same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django _ sites to compute absolute url .
creates a timezone - agnostic datetime from timestamp in a consistent manner .
return disk usage counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
validate a replacement document .
a generator function for listing versioned objects .
push a status message that will be displayed as a banner on the next page loaded by the user .
returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod .
perform total - variation denoising on n - dimensional images .
set the user - agent on every request .
check and convert data to list .
input from paper out pin
greps a list for items that match a pattern
returns the texpath setting with any environment variables expanded
return the frame object for the callers stack frame .
event changes to user preferences .
create an instance of securityrule from a dict .
decorator that will do the arguments serialization before remoting .
returns the installed sample carousel
parse results specific to the branch site a model .
make the input broadcastable in the specified axes .
build an expression tree in a mongodb compatible way .
replaces members of the group with a provided list .
updates all translations .
convert a path for use by the operating system .
build a url
support function for copy _ reg to pickle module refs
return list of pairs .
delete a security group .
only load the module if iptables is installed
use a grammar with binding operators to parse a sentence .
write graph g to given path in sparse6 format .
define an inference network for face recognition based on inception modules using batch normalization
fixture to get a messagemock .
returns the opennebula version .
given a cas ticket and service url , attempt to validate the user and return a proper redirect response .
return a boolean depending on whether or not dctrl - tools was installed .
train a new conditionalexponentialclassifier , using the given training samples , using the external megam library .
a wrapper for the glob . glob function , but it always returns files that end in a tilde ( ~ ) at the end of the list of results .
return an astroid node for a python value
copy and parse remote servers response headers , generate our flask response object
return vector - vector outer product .
return true if the object is an instance method .
build a file from a specified python module .
execute and return stdout .
render a sequence of pairs or an ordereddict as a html list .
list subtitles in given paths according to the criteria
whether the currently set http fetcher is a curl http fetcher .
get an average valuation rate of an item from all warehouses
returns true if the label _ flags indicate there is at least one label for this level .
find the liblinear magic number for the solver .
maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes .
initialize array for : func : idzr _ aid .
return a dict of active config values .
return details about the server url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
resume a server .
setup the lifx platform .
run paired difference analysis one sample t - tests and generate plots
deletes an existing instance _ info _ cache record
requests unlocking objects specified in paths .
returns whether the given request was made by an open edx mobile app , either natively or through the mobile web view .
filters a multiset partition enumeration
upload a file .
attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
raise an accesserror if name is a private method name .
get the configured time dimension metadata for the layer as a dict .
get the evaluated dictionary .
get the entire list of followers / following for a user .
make the post - tag back to dev commit
rename a file , changing its name from old to new .
determine if the input source ends in two blanks .
add the obsolete options to a option - parser instance and print error message when they are present .
make a metering message ready to be published or stored .
return a fresh instance of a shake128 object .
displays the date , formatted according to the given string .
converts an entityid passed as the entity to a cloudmonitorentity object .
unicode collation algorithm is used for utf - 8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf - 8 strings comparison
remove all keys from dict d whose value is : const : none .
return source code based on tokens .
expression : expression comma assignment _ expression
look for a certain key within a dictionary and nullify tis contents , check within nested dictionaries and lists as well .
alternate read & seek 1000 units
rgb to yiq color space conversion .
a function call
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
get the slack options from salt .
converts any unicode based iri to an acceptable ascii uri .
create a dict mapping label id to human readable string .
a helper function to get the index of an input to plot against if x values are not explicitly given .
purge all messages from a queue .
de - authenticate by clearing all the names back to none .
pauses test execution and asks user to select a value .
render formset errors to a bootstrap layout
delete all the pages in the pdf except for the specified ones .
read a packed refs file .
get a second hash based on napiprojekts hash .
print the last keboard macro .
initialize quickmark completion models .
change the groups this user belongs to , add append = false to make the user a member of only the specified groups
construct vgg - 19 convnet
registers the teletex codec
context for use in testing to ensure that all warnings are raised .
simple filtering of an image .
return the cumulative sum of the elements along a given axis .
ensure default security group exists for a project _ id .
create a convex hull from a list of points .
print out before and after expressions each time rule is used
decode the first successfully fetched url , from utf - 8 encoding to
change the users home phone
compute the result of a broadcast expression .
windows compatiblity shim for socket . inet _ ntop ( ) .
return data to one of potentially many clustered cassandra nodes
only load if hg is available
generic detail of an object .
set the default colormap to copper and apply to current image if any .
convert f into a nested tuple of tuples .
convenience method for conditional requests .
remove the acl of the file or folder located on the given path .
check for import module only .
compile bandwidth usage , cpu , and disk metrics for all vms on this host .
display a list of all review requests .
project source space currents to sensor space using a forward operator .
return a string like python repr , but always escaped as if surrounding quotes were double quotes .
constructs a new estimator with the same parameters .
set up callback to be passed the containing class upon creation
create an array of sitemaps .
return the yaml auto _ config dict for a check name .
rollbacks the configuration .
get list of srs that help people discover other srs .
looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file
find the first line which matches a patters
add a multi - constructor for the given tag prefix .
deletes a product .
parse input arguments
shifted chebyshev polynomial of the second kind .
transform xfsrestore inventory data output to a python dict source and evaluate it .
metaclass that wraps exception type in remoteexception
try to parse a string to an int .
return the empty graph with n nodes and zero edges .
show or save weights to an image for a pickled model
recursively walks the source directory and locates matching files .
wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data .
add vm name to args
calculate a left multiplying rotation matrix that rotates theta rad around vector .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
parser for distance matrix file .
updates profile _ picture _ data _ url of user with given user _ id .
determine outer indices of a power or an exponential .
some files exist on the master and can be accessed directly via ssh , but some files are on the slaves which can only be accessed via the master node .
returns the language - code if there is a valid language - code found in the path .
builds a python declaration for a method .
helper function to execute the command
chaining of convolutional layers .
checks whether value is a number .
signal the minion to refresh the module and grain data
changed languages since a given revision
container _ type : map _ type | list _ type | set _ type
creates a code _ challenge as described in section 4 . 2 of rfc 7636 by taking the sha256 hash of the verifier and then urlsafe base64 - encoding it .
this function is just a helper , an alias to : logging . getlogger
create a formatted message from a service health report .
returns an object containing the state of the warnings module
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
places the data from an attachment back into a soap message , replacing its xop : include element or href .
calculates the hmac - sha1 oauth 1 . 0a signature for the given request .
this function provides one of the three parameters when two of them are supplied .
read a number of pages .
hackish but needed for running tests outside application context
show a contribution box .
verification user in conference return true if the user is present in conference , else return false
pause for * interval * seconds .
convenience method to get a model object with the specified checks .
restart the server
get the adapter name based on the mac address .
use basic logger .
parses the servers response and returns a clientlogintoken .
return a string representing the greek / metric suffix of a size
tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules .
creates expandedtextads that use ad customizations for specified adgroups .
convert a date string to a time tuple .
python version of vq algorithm .
get current system keyboard setting
generate text by synced sequence input and output .
return the character width of this token list .
holds the responsibility of performing a step - by - step , sequential update of an exploration states structure based on the schema version of the input exploration dictionary .
parses queue props from a buffer b is a buffer offset , if specified , is where in b to start decoding returns
looks up the tvdb id for a series
gets the number of individual bands for this mode .
ensures that the artifact from artifactory exists at given location .
return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols
plot circle patches .
setup global environment configuration variables .
return the right math environment to display code .
tests the users system to see which hdmi _ boost figure should be used .
whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting .
helper for getting layer output tensor
open a maxmind db database
get the loop , or if the loopindex is out of range , get an empty list .
update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key : value pairs from the originating volume .
takes an iterator that may or may not contain a multipart mime document as well as content type and returns an iterator of body iterators .
returns a slice of the list .
run enqueue _ events _ for _ all _ sites every 2 minutes .
install or remove crontab for given node type .
sorts the queryset by one of allowed _ sorts based on parameters sort and dir from request
repository management controller
return the file cache path based on the url .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argument , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
given a string mapping values for true , false and none , returns one of those strings accoding to the value :
get all metadata for an instance .
this is a function that will run within the dag execution
this method is used in places where a resources status or admin state labels need to assigned before they are sent to the view template .
kills all worker threads the method has created by sending the quit signal .
test that a version is acceptable as compared to the baseline .
used to convert images that have semi - transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color
flatten nested lists / dictionaries into lists of strings .
check that left and right index are equal .
get a value in the domain for a given family .
return a random string .
computes the min dist of node n from a set of nodes explored in digr , using dist dict .
make sure directory exists with proper permissions .
return the hosts found in the hosts file in as an ordereddict
prompts for and returns a new password if required ; otherwise , returns
construct the exact istatechange that applicationnodedeployer returns when it doesnt want to make any changes .
handle / - > / en / latest / directs on subdomains
get the arounds from the loop .
handle head request .
a property that , if accessed , replaces itself with the computed value .
probability value for the chi ^ 2 probability distribution .
calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients
compute clone losses and gradients for the given list of clones .
add the x intersection indexes for the loop lists .
construct an object holding a timestamp value .
evaluate point in specified multipolar moment .
display a list of all the type libraries , and select one .
correct orientations of mesh faces .
return a class node type to differ metaclass , interface and exception from regular classes
steps to programmatically generate a disk : 1 .
reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero .
generate pseudorandom nonce that is unlikely to repeat .
update default configuration options for oslo . middleware .
for usage with container sync
get new repository .
decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread .
shows elastic search index status
generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
map relation type to enum value .
set the selinux enforcing mode
decorator to retry a db api call if deadlock was received .
returns true if pending _ registration has surpassed its pending time .
make linux system go into standby , returns after wakeup
send and receive 1 packet using a bluetooth socket
verify that the desired port is installed , and that it was compiled with the desired options .
when python is run from within the nltk / directory tree , the current directory is included at the beginning of the search path .
esearch runs an entrez search and returns a handle to the results .
list docker images name repository name quiet only show image id , default is false all show all images , default is true
bootstrap 3 horizontal form layout
sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry .
return the python week number of a date .
a method to select an option
set up the wink component .
returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
extended euclidean algorithm , diophantine version .
return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order .
get an iterable for the n newest items of the given iterable .
raise the most helpful error message about a plugin being unavailable
parse ssl options .
instructs chocolatey to check an installed package version , and optionally compare it to one available from a remote feed .
convert string to a xml name .
check whether or not an update is available with a given name .
generate test cases for overwrite adjustments .
draw detected bounding boxes .
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
buckets the points and counts how many in each bucket
returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob
parses a string and return a datetime . datetime .
de - install a port .
generate a html snippet for showing a boolean value on the admin page .
return a chunk structure for a single sentence encoded in the given conll 2000 style string .
create a string of random characters of specified length
return the data for a key _ name .
handles post processing for the cut method where we combine the index information if the originally passed datatype was a series
connect to a cassandra cluster .
select the * k * best individuals among the input * individuals * .
test if we are able to connect to a task with ip - per - container mode using named vip
show the details from parallels concerning an instance
apply hard local winner - take - all on every rows of a theano matrix .
alias for write _ local :
decorator to change the timezone when running a test .
the ocsp no check extension is defined as a null asn . 1 value embedded in an asn . 1 string .
count synonymous and non - synonymous sites of a list of codons .
retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in .
look for errors in task syslog / stderr .
compute a label from the non - zero sources in an stc object .
pick channels using regular expression .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
find the best match for a given mime - type against a list of media _ ranges that have already been parsed by parse _ media _ range ( ) .
count the number of entries in a zip archive .
make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
reads an audio file and outputs a mel - spectrogram .
create a new action and assign callbacks , shortcuts , etc .
removes a single tap .
provide a decorator to wrap a view method so that it may exist in an entirely ajax environment : - data decoded from json as input and data coded as json as output - result status is coded in the http status code ; any non - 2xx response data will be coded as a json string , otherwise the response type ( always
compact vertices and indices within given tolerance
get a namespace by name , raise if not found
get the evaluated dictionary by copykeys .
ensure that a pagerduty escalation policy does not exist .
get the contents of a file in s3 .
update a registered resource record .
whether or not the supplied class can accept dynamic properties .
for groups with defined invalidation _ days we need to invalidate user membership after timedelta .
output debug messages to stdout
wait for a studio prompt to appear and press the specified action button
logs and then ignores the exception .
notify about new suggestion .
set adjust option as float .
given an api _ key , return a user .
given a function and a dictionary of arguments , returns a set of arguments from argdict that arent accepted by func
returns the given html with ampersands , quotes and carets encoded
handles the reset password process .
helper method that returns a s3 store uri given the component pieces .
get api method response for a resource in the given api
wait a random number of seconds
custom semver match function which also supports complex semver specifiers such as > = 1 . 6 , < 2 . 0 , etc .
create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model .
return image file in * fname * as : class : numpy . array .
decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs .
returns the schema documents in a dict whose keys are namespace prefixes and values are element objects .
check if points are inside a contour .
parse search results returned by scanprosite into a python object
calculates miller indices from segments .
validate that value is set if required
given two lists of strings , take the cartesian product of the lists and concat each resulting 2 - tuple .
dft sample frequencies .
convert the group to the gid on this system
parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values .
creates a datacenter .
convenience function for setting the logging level
create a new course enrollment for the given user .
display component properties .
returns the matching media object from trakt api .
format a number , given the following data : is _ negative : true if the number is negative , else false intpart : string of digits that must appear before the decimal point fracpart : string of digits that must come after the point exp : exponent , as an integer spec : dictionary resulting from parsing the format specifier
compare the structure of llst [ lslices ] and rlst [ rslices ] .
default value for cli flag .
return hits hubs and authorities values for nodes .
a decorator which conditionally converts old - style classes to new - style classes .
returns a dict mapping discussion _ ids to respective discussion xblock metadata if it is cached and visible to the user .
write a blob diff header .
ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows .
return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector .
newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
set construction variables which are platform dependants .
initialize a ansible local
create a view for the coregframe .
generate the python source for a node tree .
before hook for setting default response properties .
write the pid in the named pid file .
lookup a filter by name .
setup the wink thermostat .
collects platform stats from all deployment nodes .
only work on systems which default to smf
start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown .
this function is used to load html snippets into pages .
similar to fail _ unless _ raises but also checks the exception message .
create all the covariance matrices from a given template .
somebody left a room
return a paste mode indicator .
returns the global step variable .
if seq is an iterator , put its values into a list .
convert an absolute path to a directory name for use in a cache .
wikifies one link .
convert the given expression to latex representation .
return a resource finder for a path , which should represent a container .
prompt the user to provide a dictionary of data .
check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet .
start a proxy minion .
same as a / b .
returns true if the passed - in node is probably a text element , or at least one of its descendants is probably a text element .
get data from the test table .
check to see if firewall - cmd exists
draw a 70 - char - wide divider , with label in the middle .
load data from tiles to features .
process the xml element .
return the user and project the request should be limited to .
log in to vm
retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
given a modules options and the column headers , generate a table , print it , and return the completed table .
loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file .
return menu tree for graphs
map a function across all blocks of a dask array .
test io of label files
construct a featureunion from the given transformers .
parses an output file of motif finding programs .
adds a section to the module data .
return current connected masters
this returns the window size of the child tty .
given a iterable of messages and reactions stitch reactions into messages .
generate a dataset of aggregated values
attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
converts the given string to space - case .
return a matplotlib patch object with the specified location , crosshatch pattern , and color
parse the aliases file , and return a list of line components : , ,
write a worksheet to an xml file .
draws a stacked area plot .
foo docs go here
builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which can optionally bind a matching node into the tgrep2 strings label _ dict .
find out if a given name is a reserved word in zfs
display all information sysconfig detains .
get a decrypted secret from the tismd api
does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
random hue color generation .
fill a channel with a given grey level .
returns a negative , zero or positive number , depending on whether r1 is considered smaller than , equal to , or larger than r2
return an email address for the given user factory stub object .
returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
verify that the raid is present . .
returns output filepaths for filtered fasta and quality files output _ dir : output directory fasta _ fp : input fasta filepath qual _ fp : input quality scores filepath
embeds existing plotly figure in ipython notebook
retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
test multi - taper source psd computation in label from epochs .
asserts that the html generated by the student _ view view is correct for the supplied block , given that html wasnt parsable
given a number returns its string format with the specified length , adding 0 if necessary
returns a new clip in which just a rectangular subregion of the original clip is conserved .
runs a wsgi - function with a fastcgi server .
tag an image into a repository image name of image repository name of repository tag tag to apply force force apply tag , default is false
create image pairs for segmentation dataset
here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key .
attempts to make a unicode url usuable with urllib / urllib2 .
purge tasks of the event event type .
deletes a task and its status from memory .
register a new user from the superheroes page .
initialize a new vm
removes outer quotation marks , if present .
same as ~ a .
connect to url and return websocket object .
sanitize a release _ group string to remove content in square brackets .
get unified output .
returns a neighbor out _ filter for given ip address if exists .
return data attributes based on assumptions about if user has them cached
get cached account or container information from memcache
returns a correctly casted value based on a set of values .
return a fresh http get / request .
return primary key name from a model .
get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2 - id .
create an image object from data , which should be a bytestring .
unregister a package from the package database
return a random string using alphanumeric characters .
return the partition size and memory used for processname
a convenience fixture for retrieving data from test files
convert the text to a char - like ms sql command .
converts a string argument to a unicode string .
return current site .
add or update enrollment attribute array
build a cgi request to call a method on an spi backend .
tell if a given package or depend atom is present in the configuration files tree .
open all or specified cover tilt .
remove empty and contaminated points from data & predictor matrices .
learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
select some events .
state - space representation to zero - pole - gain representation .
return username of a user instance
computes special properties for storing .
crude parser that gets the first record from a fasta file .
point wise slicing
get a role from the database by id .
returns the appropriate archive object
verifies that the caller is passing a single song id , and not a song dictionary .
normalizes the locale into the used format
get configured ssh credentials .
load class using stevedore alias or the class name
find a maximum single - commodity flow .
allocates a new security group in opennebula .
yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record - without - . pyc
search tcl or tk configuration file for version line
run the javascript tests in your default browsers
update a datasets metadata .
parses psl file and performs syntax checking
creates a simple example figure .
compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule
detect information for the image at path
primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k [ x ] .
test reading raw artemis123 files .
move to the first line in the history .
onehotencoder takes data matrix with categorical columns and converts it to a sparse binary matrix .
converts each argument into a string .
return from request body .
construct a dsa key from a tuple of valid dsa components .
getparser ( ) - > parser , unmarshaller
sort signatures entries .
use pudge browser to generate interface docs from nose . plugins . base . plugininterface
update related unit suggestion flags
returns " identity " versions of the javascript i18n functions - - i . e . , versions that dont actually do anything .
all functions take in radians , so to use degrees , you must pass it through this conversion function .
returns a parsed version of pythons sys . version as tuple referring to the python implementation name , version , branch , revision , build number , build date / time as string and the compiler identification string .
decode serialized ros handshake header into a python dictionary header is a list of string key = value pairs , each prefixed by a 4 - byte length field .
borrowed from repoman - get default parameters for a mercurial command .
convert the characters & , < , > , and " in string s to html - safe sequences .
handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event .
return running and enabled services in a highstate structure .
return the global lock ratio
split an expression with terms whose squares are rationals into a sum of terms whose surds squared have gcd equal to g and a sum of terms with surds squared prime with g
attacks wep - encrypted network .
instantiates an all - ones tensor variable and returns it .
read in the salt master config file and add additional configs that need to be stubbed out for spm . .
transforms a certain set of values to true or false .
function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension .
encode the datacontainer using multipart / post , given the provided boundary
verify a user account without email confirmation
return a multicall class which inherits its methods from the given widget class .
validate filter values
manova statistics based on canonical correlation coefficient
return information about which credit requirements a user has satisfied .
poisson parameter confidence interval given observed counts
convert labels in an arbitrary label field to { 1 , . . .
return a list of timezones used in a particular country .
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
get the downloader class that can handle the info dict .
this function converts output from mongodb - databases to a structured one .
initialize the tab completion model .
check if the parameter names and values are valid .
tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted .
creates a new user .
set status of garbage collector
probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
restful crud controller for the sms inbox - all inbound sms messages go here
decodes the rar version stored on 1 byte
used to get a single file from the salt master
render a label with content
this is the name we would like the target to have .
parse csv file containing tweets and output data a list of tuples .
helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses for those that are returning json .
return a scale class by name .
determine if the loop is intersecting other loops .
unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts .
make a mirror of from _ dir in to _ dir , omitting directories and files listed in the black list or ending with one of the given extensions .
command : print
return " _ d " if were running a debug version .
intended for internal patch calls , this method is not rate limited , authentication is not checked , pre - request events are not raised , and concurrency checking is optional .
get all calculation and data parent tensors .
clear the screen .
converts de with free parameters into de with constant coefficients .
returns the module that is running this hug api function
parse the first line of a multi - line server response .
check the call signature against a dictionary of proposed arguments , raising an informative exception in the case of mismatch .
return samples as a np . array read from a pyo table .
given bounding boxes with coordinates , transform to
get the profile name from the craft type name .
require the pootle contenttype .
install and return handlers
make a sequential palette that blends from light to color .
clean extra print destination ( s )
convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction .
create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name .
once this gets fixed , we should use * . py files in the correct encoding instead of dynamically generating ascii files .
creates a database entry to indicate that a task is in progress .
find a safe number of components to randomly project to
get limited parameter from request .
get cumulative vector3 and delete the prefixed attributes .
stop watching a locale for revisions ready for review .
expected inclusion _ one _ param _ _ doc _ _
update animated topomap .
turns a list of maps , lists , or scalars into a single map .
get the overhang span .
deleting multiple collections from the index
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
parallel betweenness centrality function
export patches from start ^ to end .
get all artists linked to a recording , a release or a release group .
compute crc - 32c checksum of the data .
find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
a list of methods with a given prefix on a given instance .
build a custom page to hide the complexity of the
fetch an oauth token for the
gets the count of unique groups with the given grouping fields .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
get the latest version of a class .
generate latent topic vectors for words and documents and then for each document , draw a sentence .
test whether filename matches pattern , including case .
query iuploader plugins and return a resource uploader instance .
return a dict containing validated keys in the passed file
compute global phase difference between the two images .
if port is a trunk port , generate a bridge _ name for its vif _ details .
create an account
encode a number in base x num : the number to encode base : base of number alphabet : the alphabet to use for encoding
flag method as an item method .
computes the number of monomials .
get the string representation of this object info .
cycle the colors _ shuffle
generate share links for documents that may be missing them .
parse an xml or pem - formatted public key .
add grid row .
drill a gcode linear move text .
get version namespace from version
check if the given image id is valid before executing operations .
will take frame objects , classes , etc and attempt to return a valid string identifier for them .
generate all prefixes of a sequence .
get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
return a random symmetric matrix .
shut down any child processes started .
push resource list into all registered callbacks for the event type .
get the user document class user for mongoengine authentication .
generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep _ params and also adds the parameters specified in additional _ params .
concatenate partitions on axis = 0 by doing a simple stack
show pillar segment oracle . * and subitem with notation " item : subitem "
create a class decorator which will add thread - based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface .
resizes collection icons to 32x32
sort an iterable .
handle key presses .
performs smooth hermite interpolation between 0 and 1 when edge0 < x < edge1 .
iterates over a tordnsel file .
fetches new and noteworthy nodes
if the module level variable toolbox is set , generate tooltestcase classes for all of its tests and put them into this modules globals ( ) so they can be discovered by nose .
retrieve groups for a given user for this auth provider
repeat the values in an array in a memory - efficient manner .
build the default set of preprocessors used by markdown .
return available blas / lapack functions .
display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
allow the user to select an embargo period and confirm registration
allocates a new virtual network in opennebula .
format an xml tag with the given namespace .
generate incremental datasets from basic data sets
determine whether a namespace is eligible for deletion .
perform a ll operation .
returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal .
return joint variance from samples with unequal variances and unequal sample sizes something is wrong
gets admin state and description of a svi interface .
a restful handler for textbook collections .
create a database .
remove border from image .
get the vector3 path from the complex path .
breaks the mkfs . ext * option string into dictionary .
fixture to setup the backend before running a test .
use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists .
load a l { failure } from a dictionary deserialized from json .
computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network .
format the exception part of a traceback .
return the property dictionary for a matplotlib . axis instance
computes the order of a at p , with respect to t .
a replacement for the old socket . ssl function .
returns the list of extensions , which can be discovered by python path , contrib path and by entry - point novaclient . extension .
return whether or not cache stats are supported .
returns a list of all servers for the application .
merge intermediate results from arg _ * functions
returns an action callback that spawns a new development server .
utility method to get the md5sum of a file on the filesystem
creates a name that identifies a database file .
returns submitted result of given student for specified assessment plan
given a trail name , check to see if the given trail exists .
solve a system of polynomial equations .
builds a path given some values
release lock on media list items
fetch the pack indexes and return the object .
given subnet properties , find and return matching subnet ids
list files tracked by git .
gets id of requested user
re encode a download .
get current timezone
determine if there is another segment around .
decode an mvt file into a list of features .
simple view to echo back the content of uploaded files for tests .
return a new randomized api _ key
keyword arguments : reserved - - should be a boolean value , exact value will be used to filter on the fixed ip address
sets the s version and vary - on header - names list .
default path validator that just checks for . git / .
extract key and value from key = val string .
delete a container , or delete an object from a container .
creates a performance counter which tracks some cumulative value over the course of the program .
converts the given object to a datetime object , if possible .
generate a score and traceback matrix according to gotoh
extract from a masked rec array and create the manager
sends msg to remote _ yard
encrypt password using given rsa public key and encode it with base64 .
shows the app activity age for single app .
parse properties list .
normalized probabilities from unnormalized log - probabilites
sort a list with respect to the preferred network ordering .
populate db with fake data .
create and enqueue a job .
converts in place a file from universal line endings to posix line endings .
internet gateway create
enforce the given flags on the given package or depend atom .
download a bunch of urls via multithreading
apply all the process _ view capable middleware configured into the given request .
calculate a correlation sum
convert number to k / m / g / t / p notation
returns true if given task should be run in parallel mode .
only work on posix - like systems
update the given apikey with the given description .
given a url with authentication components , extract them into a tuple of username , password .
returns a list of permissions for a given user / group and obj .
change frequency of backlog thread
ensure a splunk user is absent . .
create or update the resource if appropriate .
rotate and / or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data .
returns an xml element tree for markdown - generated html .
convert a geojson document into csv format .
access to the item inventory size .
filter an iterable of asset objects down to just assets that were alive at the time corresponding to reference _ date _ value .
hass fixture with in - memory recorder .
optimize expression to be computed on data
try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a * x * * b .
initialize frappe for the current site .
build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list .
this attempts to be wordsplit for frags using the dumb algorithm
set up editorstack with codeeditor containing some python code .
calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence .
calls func and replaces any trainable variables .
gets all virtual interfaces from the table .
to upgrade vmware tools on a specified virtual machine .
retrieve data from url .
get the course descriptor , raising coursenotfounderror if the course is not found or the user cannot access forums for the course , and discussiondisablederror if the discussion tab is disabled for the course .
checks if the seq of flowgram is within a specified length .
returns a string representing the package version or an empty dict if not installed .
updates a credential for a tenant
print a list of time slots
find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
return true if router to be handled is ha .
installs cache for all requests requests by monkey - patching session
translates python booleans to rpc - safe integers
get complex from multiplier , prefix and xml element .
creates a random dense design matrix for regression .
extract the strings from an app .
checks for deprecated options
helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses .
converts a list of name = value pairs to a dictionary .
recursively convert any xmlelements to paths .
processes node attributes and field descriptors to generate the modifiers node attribute and set it on the provided node .
create a wtforms form for a given sqlalchemy model class : : from wtalchemy . orm import model _ form from myapp . models import user
runs a shell comand on the remote server .
parse an individual nssites models results .
validate a command line option containing a filepath .
test savgol filtering .
test raw compensation by comparing with mne - c .
if may _ be _ null returns nullable or if null can be passed in .
inset the preface gcode text .
get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk
send a notification to registered extensions .
create a keystone session from a configuration stanza .
returns whether a package is installed or not .
imports a module , but catches import errors .
returns open cart for given user or none if not found .
quicksort implementation in python
update the flow database from bro logs
as for makecontrolclass ( ) , but returns an instance of the class .
dynamic imaging of coherent sources .
check different formats for a column .
format _ argspec _ plus with considerations for typical _ _ init _ _ methods
select * k * individuals from the input * individuals * using * k * tournaments of * tournsize * individuals .
try to get the user from c , if possible , and fallback to using the db
return a list of all available services
build scipy documentation and put it into build / docs
the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node , so subsequent statements are just tucked to the parent
helper function for creating result string for int or float only dec = 1 and width = 4 is implemented
sequential memory - hard function for scrypt .
return the source model for the qt item view if it uses the qsortfilterproxymodel .
edit a node by staff members .
import a json module , starting with the quick ones and going down the list )
takes an iso time and returns a string representing how long ago the date represents .
retrieves the service instance from a managed object .
parse form fields from html .
merges dictionary d1 into dictionary d2 .
prints label with a spinner .
read names in flist and append to args
search the given query string using google .
get the saved service instance .
given two values , return the same pair of strings except with their differences highlighted in the specified color .
fetch uploads by a youtube user .
makes the best attempt to get the clients real ip or return the loopback
returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string .
mark a socket as inheritable or non - inheritable to child processes .
encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes .
import a python object that has the given * name * , under one of the prefixes * .
adds an esxi host to a vsphere distributed virtual switch and migrates the desired adapters to the dvs from the standard switch .
this returns a list , which contains the value portions for the keys
create a pb server using myrealm and run it on port 8800 .
clears the search index .
instruct the minion to initiate a process that will sleep for a given period of time .
download a document from a url , save it locally if cache enabled
convert gff attributes to string .
add line segment to the pixel table .
site - wide garbage collections .
add clang switch to ignore unused arguments to avoid os x compile error .
this is func1
test whether a numpy . ndarray contains any np . inf values .
convert a nova vif model to an os - vif object
test whether a path is absolute
generate a csv for a course containing all students problem grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
delete to word beginning and see if it comes back with yank .
updates the database settings from a fixture .
execute the command and return its output or raise a
add or update a custom property of an image .
convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers
plots a line .
remove a tenant from the given flavor access list .
attempt to replace postmultipart ( ) with nearly - identical interface .
updates target index for given unit .
move up to max _ rows rows from production tables to the corresponding shadow tables .
downloads avatar image from remote server .
deletes a job entry based on its tag
get the query to retrieve the volume .
check if it can be purchased , returns false if not premium .
returns a decoder for a bytes field .
upload a file to the datastore .
get a list of import stage functions defined by plugins .
as a workaround for ampersands stored as escape sequences in database , unescape text before use on a safe page
return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider .
reject duplicate keys
writes an unpaired read into fasta , fasta qual and xml filehandles if sequence length is 0 , dont write
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
return a logo of the organisation with the given id , if one exists
set or delete metadata on a monitor .
decov loss as described in URL reducing overfitting in deep networks by decorrelating representation
setup the ecobee sensors .
get serials from androids sql database
convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable .
return a driver function that can advance a sequence of cosine values .
altered _ users is a list of users that we are adding / removing subscribed _ users is the list of already subscribed users
update parentfield in tables
list all launch configurations .
poll for new sitemap data and process it as necessary .
the equations of this type of ode are .
returns a generator of the n - sized variations of seq .
get new derivation .
compute the sha1 hash of the content .
configures the error handlers .
default datalist item renderer for addresses on the hrm profile
create unique file name for processed data from the number of files , directory name , validation split type , and subset percentage
install packages using the pkgutil tool .
convert nova subnet object into os _ vif object
it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information
common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages .
plot partial regression for a single regressor .
temporary swap out an attribute with a new object .
run any post hooks that were saved up in the course of the renew verb
strips the architecture from the specified package name , if necessary .
a signal that is used to check the type of data loaded from fixtures
pointer : times pointer
approximation of text width
convert the signature spec in module _ info to add to signatures
given a service element , return a list of the contents of all
do a lookup from rotten tomatoes for the movie matching the passed arguments .
manage the active log format for the smtp server .
read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
return vowel weight if p is vowel .
apply a given discount to the passed basket
receive a raw bson message or raise socket . error .
get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the alterations directories , if there is no file look in the given directory .
recursively convert item to a string .
create rpc object for file service .
return the _ _ namespace _ _ key for a namespace .
get an runnertype by name .
return a graph from a dictionary of lists .
check if g is a groebner basis .
manipulate the xml element .
store content in filename .
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
check whether two complex numbers are numerically close
only work on windows where the dism module is available
retry function until it returns successfully .
send a serialized message to a socket , prepended by its length packed in 4 bytes .
test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units
add the six . moves module as a dynamically defined runtime module node and all modules mapped by six . _ sixmetapathimporter as aliased module nodes to the passed graph .
return the line which is visible from all lines
displays a list of available time zones .
set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
this view shows the list of all registered services
validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors
disconnect a session .
jacobian of normal loglikelihood wrt mean mu and variance sigma2
return the proxy configured base url .
expected improvement of gaussian over threshold
rational polynomial ball benchmark function .
returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be : - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf - 8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj .
equivalent to iter . next ( )
open the supplied filename in the preview window
replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule .
read graph in leda format from path .
return the most recent entries .
munch a string into an atom
configures logging for a given scope , by default the global scope .
get the xml elements by key .
balance of power
inserts values into tablename .
priority decorator for phase methods
returns true if the given sentence has a positive sentiment .
return eventlet pool to caller .
validates label according to mpls label rules
babel message extractor for qweb template files .
helper to generate user cert subject .
return full path to the user - specific cache dir for this application .
read dir entry struct tag .
read from sysfs
make all rationals in expr floats except those in exponents .
restful crud controller
return the canonical form of the xml document for hashing
set current audio track .
returns the value of the boolean parameter with the given name in the post request .
return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module _ name .
stop running containers in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted stop all containers path
test if a given path matches the pattern for info files .
predicate to determine if object loaded for tool is a tool error .
returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address
extracts all documentation texts inside the given source - code - string using the coala docstyle definition files .
return a dataset s revisions as a list of dictionaries .
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
return a crc32 checksum of a file
color names in # rrggbb format , given the number of bits for each component .
multi - dimensional binary opening with the given structuring element .
return number of arguments used up by mock arguments
get the latest changelog entry as hacked up markdown .
applies grovers algorithm .
ensure that retrieved parent objects have a correct type .
decorator declaring the wrapped function to be a new - style task .
start embedded worker .
returns a list containing all network interfaces .
returns the product of the elements of the sequence .
inversion of arrays of matrices , returns 0 for rank - deficient matrices .
converts a given torrent to a json dictionary .
print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb .
return a suitable key for elements
properly handles formatting of self and related links according to json api .
get the features for a batch of data using network
downloads a webapp icon from the location specified in the manifest .
logout method which redirect to index
return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user .
microsoft % u encoding .
parse search term into tuple
utility function to delete benchmark containers .
get a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
return constant term in p with respect to x
compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
returns glibc version string , or none if not using glibc .
only normal values will be updated here
checks whether expression expr satisfies all assumptions .
generate a robots . txt .
given two model objects , format their values for field and highlight changes among them .
replaces operators with the sympy equivalent and sets evaluate = false .
utility for scanning the database to look for null instance uuid rows .
create a single vm from a data dict
get the full replication details .
executes a simulated binary crossover that modify in - place the input individuals .
returns fieldtype depending on the mysqldb description
decorator to log user actions
creates a one - filled : class : cupy . ndarray object like the given array .
calculate the torrent hash from a magnet link or data .
make a report of percentage of different types documented percentage of different types with a bad name
count the sequences in fasta _ filepath fasta _ filepath : string indicating the full path to the file
convenience function for dumping a given pytree .
parses and validates the - - description option args and executes the request
checks an exception for given keywords and raises a new actionerror with the desired message if the keywords are found .
return the appropriate verbose _ name or verbose _ name _ plural value for obj depending on the count n .
prims algorithm to find minimum spanning tree .
determines all import names that should be considered " local " .
gets the dict representation of a yaml string .
display a graph
get the file extension in the form of : py
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
restful crud controller
get loops which include most of the points .
make a part _ type partition for filesystem fs _ type , beginning at start and ending at end .
get runnertype by id .
this decorator skips the currently decorated test if the module with the passed name is unimportable _ or _ importable but of a version less than the passed minimum version if any .
checks whether a count is above the maximum .
returns the internal url for a static page based on its virtual path .
corrects metrics and other meta information .
convert an exception into a failure document for publishing .
attempts to get essid from cap file using bssid as reference .
never mix tabs and spaces .
create a non - iterable box type for an object .
merge json structure to message instance .
return the status of the lamps .
used only when memcached is explicitly needed .
returns databook from yaml stream .
opens a web browser to allow the user to grant livestreamer access to their twitch account .
print a debug log message .
determines which _ _ init _ _ . py files are missing from a modules parent packages .
return the path graph p _ n of linearly connected nodes .
configure the current document ( returned by curdoc ( ) ) .
determine if we can merge a short if - then statement into one line .
process pending buffers .
quick task event .
creates a formatted function string for display .
format seconds into a human readable form .
helper to check if fill _ value = = " extrapolate " without warnings
edit matplotlib figure options
compile selector pattern
evaluate conda template if needed and return raw metadata for supplied recipe directory .
replace html chars for shell usage .
parse a string according to the onblog 8 - bit date format
check whether points are outside a surface .
apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions
returns a clip playing the current clip but at a speed multiplied by factor .
returns a dict of name - > count for documents indexed .
takes a show name and returns the " scenified " version of it .
bar plot of the autocorrelation function for a trace
rest - json api client
read and parse the manifest out of the given jar .
return a url for the security blueprint
anova table for one fitted linear model .
perform various assertions about * thetype * to ensure that it is a well - defined type .
update an instance info cache record in the table .
converts arg to a list , empty if none , single element if not a list .
prints out a set of attributes for a networkdevice object .
converts the values in the mapping dict to lowercase .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier , as passed in on the command - line .
perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer : input primer sequence sequence : target sequence to test primer against
get the users full name .
retrieve the state data from the salt master for this minion and execute it test
shut down qwebsettings .
compress a directory history into a new one with at most 20 entries .
get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot .
reboot an instance .
create an rds option group
check if parameter value is in the range low to high .
get the datacenter name and the reference .
return a qicon with a circle shaped background .
ensure that given retention policy is absent .
common implementation code for both l { loopbacktlsconnection } and
use the password stored within the keyring to authenticate .
stops the template engine from rendering the contents of this block tag .
add the list of message types that spec depends on to depends .
attempt to remove a perl module that was installed from cpan .
load optional queue with ip addresses .
returns user model instance that would be referenced by guardian when permissions are checked against users that havent signed into the system .
an unambiguous name for the target .
extracts trusted ca certificates from the os x trusted root keychain .
create a flow from a clientsecrets file .
sends a reply or an error on the channel signified by msg _ id .
return a threading tcp based socketserver listening on port .
returns a dictionary of - items , in lowercase .
virtual field : organisation
remove a leader from the group .
generate affected nodes .
determine whether the host is configured to send authentication traps .
returns the message digest .
print load balancer configuration in this region .
get the credit request status .
dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course
evaluates a model on an input array .
generate random codenames until we get an unused one
terminates a list of instances module : ansible module object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object termination _ list : a list of instances to terminate in the form of [ { id : } , . . ]
valid metrics for pairwise _ kernels
update trails from feeds
stop the specified service
build an inventory configuration based on example aio files
delete host interface . .
show the progress for a long - running synchronous operation .
hooks for request .
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
run fit on one set of parameters .
clear all the scan information
transform the table parameters into a size .
test if name is a private graph resource name .
convert a number to hexified string
setup the manual alarm platform .
get array path .
execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from the user or the system
makes sure every dependency appears only once in all targetss dependency lists .
implement nrt _ incref in the module
compute discriminant of f .
activate the ipython hook for vispy .
construct a circulant matrix .
allows a custom i18n directory to be specified .
registers the surrogateescape error handler on python 2
check to make sure calling switch _ orientation twice sets the orientation back to the default
return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text .
get vlm _ media instance length by name or instance id .
assert that two objects are equal using the = = operator .
initialize linter with reporters in this package
test a baked query of only the entity columns .
safely lookup a codec and ignore non - text codecs , falling back to a default on errors .
concatenate all the certificates in anchor _ list and write the result to file filename .
get the requestors user info from the http cookie in the cgi environment .
get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops .
count the number of zero bits on the right hand side .
remove files or files selected by file patterns .
attempt to fix up * ary * for switching from * oldty * to * newty * .
setup the cmus platform .
returns xls representation of databook .
process the xml element .
remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
output the approximate number of changed / added strings in the en catalog .
parses sql statements from file - like object .
compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y .
return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion
exit testing process as if keyboardinterrupt was triggered .
pass in two strings , the first naming the executable language , aka - python2 , python3 , ruby , perl , lua , etc .
given a basename returns a qicon from the corresponding cola icon
retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob _ key .
retrieve domains and certname from config or user input .
guido van rossum doesnt want you to use this function .
connect the specified host system in this vmware environment
only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
proxies an http request by fetching the data and re - writing links .
calculates default prefix based on request , but allows override via settings
returns an array with new shape and same elements .
cleanup a raw value to perform raw comparison
emit a raw memcpy ( ) call for count items of size itemsize from src to dest .
this function does comparison between user _ input and correct _ answer .
options nit : int , optional
load the numpy array of a single sample image
checks if file exists in working _ directory otherwise tries to dowload the file , and optionally also tries to extract the file if format is " . zip " or " . tar "
this function gets called when the proxy starts up .
configure snmp community string
get the value of an attribute , firing any callables required .
prepare a new index for indexing documents into .
read words as they are produced ; get them processed ; print them .
sets the out _ filter of a neighbor .
augments a matrix and a column .
delete up to one inventory of the given resource _ class string .
the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
log info about the current environment .
given a list of tags , returns the datetime of the tag with the given name ; otherwise none .
update and get the random script to a random place
construct a reference from a list of pairs .
convert aware : class : ~ datetime . datetime to another timezone .
prints a message to stderr and then terminates
return a dictionary suitable for use in package _ data in a distutils setup . py file .
customer care landing page .
this function is executed when the user clicks on
renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses .
handle / merge the command line arguments and configuration file
attach http requests / responses objects .
mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde
delete a revision .
add a new monitor .
this endpoint is active when return _ media _ as _ url is true .
this method trains a given yaml file for a single epoch
converts a django request object into an oauth2 . request object .
helper to finish concatenation for epochs not read from disk .
retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
possibly the simplest possible bandit implementation
forward fills blank entries in row , but only inside the same parent index
automatically download mnist dataset and return the training , validation and test set with 50000 , 10000 and 10000 digit images respectively .
run mapper job for all entities in specified kinds .
decorator to restrict benchmarks to specific libraries
return the running jobs on this minion
matches device name and returns prefix , suffix .
rename files in the container , automatically updating all links to them .
process the xml element .
uploads to aws at key http : / / { bucket } . s3 . amazonaws . com / { key }
dynamically import a module or object .
given a datashape type , return the associated numpy type .
return an iterator over the values of a multivaluedict .
removes whitespace between html tags , including tab and newline characters .
process items from a redis queue .
standby windows system , returns after wakeup
convenience method to look up the id for a username .
return existing ids from a soup .
check the user provided weights .
break up the * seq * into * num * tuples
translate the return value into json dict
builds spec for the creation of a new / attaching of an already existing
separate top - level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
add a new reactor
get priceinfo objects for a bunch of products .
parabolic cylinder functions dn ( z ) and derivatives .
takes a dict and if any of the values are lists of dicts , the empty dicts are stripped from the lists .
clear pending entries
ensure that a directory is available .
create an image tag .
open the parent directory of paths - > qaction
enumerates all the local users
parse the parameters list , which is just an unlabeled list of numeric values .
returns the value of a field as the correct type .
convert the postscript to encapsulated postscript .
load a certificate and keypair from a specified path .
disables aslr via context . aslr
check handler level specified in : ref : log _ file key
expected inclusion _ only _ unlimited _ args _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
validate tag sets for a mongoreplicasetclient .
create a directory and all parent directories on the target device .
returns a string representing dimension path .
return a json - compatible representation for obj
wrap a standard command object in a qaction
set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
perform benjamini and hochbergs 1995 fdr step down procedure .
returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry
quote a tweet
verbose decorator to allow functions to override log - level .
read headers from the given stream into the given header dict .
compute indices of values in a that differ from the previous value .
helper to get / create a new permission .
assure directory exists , set ownership and permissions .
converts arrays to arrays with dimensions > = 3 .
return server current time .
return the vms location
generate a sequence of sample dates starting at startdatetime and incrementing every minute .
check if the tipc module is loaded
generates centre offsets and spread offsets for block - mode based training regimes - star , cross , block .
lookup a ptr record for a given ip address .
walk through all classes in submodules of module and find ones labelled with specified plugin _ type _ identifier and throw in a dictionary to allow constructions from plugins by these types later on .
return an http object which caches results returned .
run set events , may eventually be inlined into decorators .
get price info of given product for given context parameters .
returns task execute status in json format .
parse attribute list and return a list of attribute tuples .
add the activities to the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module
returns an - tuple with the wordnet2 synset id for the given wordnet3 synset id .
returns integer board ids available on this machine .
returns a new fragment that has new _ content and all as its content , and all of the resources from fragment
authenticate using gssapi .
check to see if given ruby is installed .
logs the fact weve found a lint error .
set up the modbus sensors .
return a thrifttasktrackerstatuslist object containing all task trackers
generate a random string of given length .
returns true if the given estimator is a regressor .
use git rev - parse to return the top level of a repo
rotate an array .
sends a message on a fanout exchange without waiting for a response .
checkout git repos containing windows software package definitions opts
test loading the head surface .
xrds for endpoint discovery
performs basic parameter validation .
add a beacon on the minion
create a role
returns the given html with spaces between tags normalized to a single space
check whether the course has been configured for credit .
load the hy builtin macros for module module _ name .
return a deferred with the output of all successful calls to the given callbacks
convert a python datetime format to a date format suitable for use with the js date picker we use .
walk through all the not - yet - processed image files in the given directory , extracting any text from them and adding that text to an inverted index .
makes a case insensitive lookup within a list or dictionary , providing the first matching entry that we come across .
sets the workspace size for cudnn .
return the contents of the named file
run a command and capture output .
utility set a property in all fields of a particular type
allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
returns the normal ordered equivalent of an expression using wicks theorem .
returns the row echelon form of a matrix with diagonal elements reduced to 1 .
assembles and rewrites outgoing url
state - space to transfer function .
takes a string from an imap conversation and returns a list containing its components .
test verifying user using verify _ user function
function to decide which key function to use .
place a legend in the figure .
generic implementation of the cross - entropy method for maximizing a black - box function f : a function mapping from vector - > scalar th _ mean : initial mean over input distribution batch _ size : number of samples of theta to evaluate per batch n _ iter : number of batches elite _ frac : each batch , select this fraction of the top - performing samples initial _ std : initial standard deviation over parameter vectors
return a boolean if we will be using numexpr
save typing with dynamic assignments :
compound _ statement : lbrace rbrace
an instance of this class returns the bartlett spectral window in the time - domain .
method for getting configuration override values for support email .
converts the given feedbackthreadmodel to a feedbackthread object .
removes a source of messages from the event log .
analyze a sound with the harmonic model inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register .
turns an iso8601 formatted date into a datetime object .
adds media _ body and media _ mime _ type parameters if supported by method .
determine unique roots and their multiplicities from a list of roots .
option _ together can be either a tuple of tuples , or a single tuple of two strings .
this will store a list of available languages in the context .
checks that the parent groups specified in the data would not cause a loop in the group hierarchy , and therefore cause the recursion up / down the hierarchy to get into an infinite loop .
select first block delimited by start _ tag and end _ tag
write intermediate mbnames file .
compares attribute values of two objects .
return the names and states of all steps in the jobflow .
helper method that wraps the package _ search action .
return the correct 8bit ascii encoding for the platform :
given a form field , return its value
transform a model dict to a metadef _ namespace _ resource _ type dict
return standard base dictionary used for the argument _ spec argument in ansiblemodule
returns the mean of the targets in a dataset .
returns the configured filter as a tuple with name and args .
alter table from combination of fields and first row of data return : all fields of the resource table
define a test of a urls response .
compose validators functions
change the version number in the json manifest file provided .
call signature : : xscale
pre - populate the bookmark - manager stub with some quickmarks .
convert a binary string into a long integer
handle search filters and queries for transactions .
get the number of polygon sides , with a minimum of three .
open a file in vim .
determine field type , default value , references , etc .
test whether a path exists .
this function formats the average data and writes it to the output directory
items of a defaultdict with the highest values .
return the score for a fit across one fold .
queue an email for user who has not connected an addon after settings . no _ addon _ wait _ time months of signing up for the osf .
signal resource factory method .
compute the residual .
updates the leaf nodes in a nest dict .
precompute stockwell gausian windows .
right is a child , grand - child or further descendant of left
checks if the given filetype is a valid selinux filetype specification .
reorders a test suite by test type .
attempt to rebuild the path string by spellchecking the directories .
make the first column of the table non - breaking .
scale an image , returning it as either jpeg or png data .
get equated paths .
returns the weighted minimum edge cut using the stoer - wagner algorithm .
check if a python virtual environment _ exists .
get a wtforms translation object which wraps the builtin gnutranslations object .
run a function on each container with concurrency .
tries to parse a dictionary into a corresponding date , datespan ,
sends a message on a fanout exchange without waiting for a response .
converts the given image to the numpy array for vgg models .
provides a factory function for loading encryption middleware .
run a job using the given control file .
save profiling information
generates an event list of : class : dirmovedevent and
check and return the first matching and fully configured cloud provider configuration .
compile the plugin translations .
check that the names argument list can overlap with the existing column names .
split code at plt . show ( )
returns a string , not the more logical bytes , because the codecs register _ error functionality expects this .
create a new figure manager instance
find the correct metadata expression for the expression .
capture the input to sys . stdin : with captured _ stdin ( ) as stdin : stdin . write ( hello stdin . seek ( 0 ) # call test code that consumes from sys . stdin captured = input ( ) self . assertequal
process a status update from a docker push , updating the data structure
use a switchs dpid as an ethaddr
set the value for a boolean
import a python object given its full name .
validate user and tenant auth info .
helper function to read the given header tags from the given rpm file .
compute a linearly varying number .
wrapper function for series arithmetic operations , to avoid code duplication .
users should only access the lru _ cache through its public api : cache _ info , cache _ clear
compile a config from a powershell script
returns a list of the names of the auth functions available .
detect processor architecture for assembly manifest .
does the heavy lifting of finding format modules .
parses a fuzzy setting item .
sends an email to the given recipients .
tests that accepting a suggestion will change the state of the unit .
returns domname for given cssname e . g . for cssname font - style returns fontstyle .
returns a tuple ; the former can be added to a gridplot
delete a google cloud storage file .
multiply the fill text .
decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character > > > decodeinttounicode u # > > > decodeinttounicode u @
encodes a unicode value to utf - 8 if not yet encoded .
returns string of length < * length * or truncate string with adding dots * suffix to the strings end
calculates the size of the header table as defined by the http / 2 specification .
get the largest circle outset loop from the loop , even if the radius has to be shrunk and even if there is still no outset loop .
delete matching objects , if any .
set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
iterates over nested mapping , depth - first , in sorted order by key .
render a pager block with next and previous links
internal function to display a graph in os dependent manner .
setup the dweet sensor .
try to create the specified domain name for the specified number of years returns the following information in a dictionary registered true / false amount charged for registration domainid unique integer value for the domain orderid unique integer value for the order transactionid unique integer value for the transaction whoisguardenable true , false if enabled for this domain nonrealtimedomain true , false if domain registration is instant or not
gets the required string and related info of a parsed pattern .
the staging area is a place where we can temporarily store and manipulate vhds .
walk a directory and find potential tool files .
populates the given customization _ args dict with default values if any of the expected customization _ args are missing .
wraps the application in the cgitb error catcher .
builds a graph by getting host documents from the database cursor , including the last hop and the target .
return num _ perms pairs of permuted vectors x , y .
internal handler for the bash completion support .
get the loops going round in a given direction .
extended version of djangos extends tag that allows circular inheritance to occur , eg a template can both be overridden and extended at once .
draw a bullet text could be a simple string or a frag list
splits of the package name and desired version example formats : - docker > = 1 . 10 - apache = 2 . 4
setup fritz ! box call monitor sensor platform .
return the cartesian product of g and h .
uninstall the given plugin
returns the shared access token .
strip all admin _ password , new _ pass , rescue _ pass keys from a dict .
type _ name : specifier _ qualifier _ list abstract _ declarator _ opt
perform rejection / acceptance step for metropolis class samplers .
get a new mouse tool .
assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like - named model _ params file in the model _ params directory , and that the data exists in a like - named csv file in the current directory .
checks if file already exists and ask the user if it should be overwritten if it does .
pull out pertinent info from the parsed http packet data
called if the function fails
calculate score from a local results directory
convert 2d topo coordinates to spherical coordinates .
updates a saved course grade .
check that something expressed in * icrs * as being moon - like goes to the right altaz distance
calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
get the url that a slug resolves to .
performs authentication with http basic auth
recurse over a list of to - be - hooked patterns for a given path prefix
calculate and print ( bootstrap or monte carlo result
return a list of png chunks representing this image .
get symbol by qualified name .
return actual content without surrounding " url " and removed surrounding quotes too including contained escapes of quotes , e . g . : : url = > "
return pairs between start and end .
convenience function for getting a logout url for a service .
check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages
new - return a new hashing object using the named algorithm ; optionally initialized with data .
generates the base string to be signed in the oauth request .
called when a user requests an image .
projectionslinesandcircles test runner to test projections
set vhostuser socket mode and path
a decorator which causes arguments to be interpreted as python literals
centers the value in a field of a given width .
cache the return value for each tuple of arguments .
install acl check on application .
build the default treeprocessors for markdown .
parse request data into certificate exception and user object .
begin an openid login request , possibly asking for an identity url .
adds static - related context variables to the context .
stream decodes a iterator .
add the supplied version of python - flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies .
ensure only images of certain extensions can be uploaded .
pure implementation of the bogosort algorithm in python
convert unix ticks into a time instance .
extract hostname and port from uri .
only in python 2 .
tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted .
execute a callable over the objects in the given iterable , in parallel , using no more than count concurrent calls .
some groups were deleted , remove them from users principals .
compute a type url for a klass .
same as isinstance except on python 2 . 2 , where it always returns false .
return a single sysctl parameter for this minion
check for asserttrue ( isinstance ) sentences
collect partitions from partd , yield dataframes
computes the nonzero componentwise l1 cross - distances between the vectors in x .
oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application , cached .
indicates whether this code is being run in the development environment .
determine equivalent matlab dimensions for given array
outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
parse an expression into an ast node .
pivot variable information to be a per - host dict
tokenize a python source code string .
only make these states available if open vswitch module is available .
external raw decorator .
delete file system
this function converts a date to a month number by rounding to the nearest 12th of a year .
return compactionstats info
complete elliptic integral of the first kind .
call a function until it does not raise an exception or should _ retry says it shouldnt be tried anymore , whichever comes first .
t2bfile is a file handle ready to write binary data to disk .
exit survey handling .
rename all other files in the folder hierarchy after name and move them to the root of folder .
basic handler to allow downloads of aff4 : / config / executables files .
only work on gentoo
some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well .
sync desktop icons from all apps
this uses historic data from the search engine to refine and expand upon the states we get back from gnupg .
multiplies a value over a range of rows .
internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file .
retrieve gecos field info and return it in dictionary form
convolve an array with a kernel .
decorator to mark a function as not a test .
simple model for sequence to sequence learning .
generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix .
shutdown the load testing server .
this sets a flag file for the restart mode .
invoke the fetch method on the default fetcher .
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
join a namespace and name .
return the named : py : mod : ckan . logic . action function .
list floating ips .
function to perform a bprop of roipooling .
replace api - version specific endpoint tables with one based on v3 .
an easy way to play with a driver interactively .
returns monthly activity for matching changes as json .
set a key / value pair
build loss function and gradients based on the score function estimator .
decodes text thats html quoted .
removes the layer from the catalogue
return the internal text for the given elementtree node
display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps .
create a continuous random variable with a benini distribution .
determine if a list of projectors has an average eeg ref .
allow splitting before . if its a builder style function call .
copy a filename to the clipboard
concatenates multiple views together to build up a " status bar " / " status _ bar " .
loads json object .
uploads file locally .
calculate the sum of the values of the array .
compute alignment scores for flowgrams in this _ round _ fp .
build a galaxy app object from a simple keyword arguments .
parse options and run checks on python source .
apply the correct time and timezone to a date .
normalizes a string of characters representing a phone number by replacing all characters found in the accompanying map with the values therein , and stripping all other characters if remove _ non _ matches is true .
a generator reading a sequence of json values from a string .
used to remove a service .
get a path with only the points that are far enough away from each other .
try to find an expression for hyper _ function func in terms of lerch
collect audit information about the request used for cadf .
document the given api .
init k seeds according to kmeans + +
pull out pertinent info from the parsed http packet data
like check _ output but captures the stderr and raises an exception that incudes all the stdout and stderr output when coerced to str .
find the binary dependencies of pth .
check if grimoire collection is fresh enough .
wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes .
transform a pdb command signature into rst nodes .
execute the generic version of the command line interface .
get the continuous inputs into a theano variables
attempt to parse the message for a user _ op _ manager success line and extract user , device , op , class , and method .
list all influxdb databases user
command : data numlist
interpolate bad channels from data in good channels .
validate read preference mode for a mongoreplicasetclient .
some e - macs extensions .
get information for a role .
clone a vm from a template / vm , datacenter _ name , vm _ folder , datastore _ name cluster _ name , resource _ pool , and power _ on are all optional .
returns the rank of each data point along the given axis .
shorthand for assert .
checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process .
create a template text that first loads bootstrap3 .
returns a url string , constructed from the specified compnents .
modifies pkt so that p0f will think it has been sent by a specific os .
transforms an image computed in coordinates into the a mercator projection image .
a step to be used in * . feature files .
destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist .
check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . test _ support .
custom datalist item renderer for disasters on the news feed page
return a numpy dtype instance corresponding to the given numba type .
the error code is returned in the last argument , by reference .
load provide spec strings from installed shuup . apps . appconfigs .
connect to specified proxy
extract rest filter parameters from the request get args .
stochastic gradient descent updates with momentum
loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary
return the colors as an easy to use dict .
reads any file supported by pydub and returns the data contained within .
returns a new rooted tree with a root node joined with the roots of each of the given rooted trees .
build the subscription primary key for the given guid and event
helper function for quote _ slashes
try to unpickle and return data from file if it exists and is not corrupted return an empty dictionary if it doesnt exists
processing for any otherwise uncaught exceptions .
create a default http fetcher instance prefers curl to urllib2 .
populate response with recommendation ( s )
example view that echo the saml attributes of an user
the input is a list of [ token , tag , chunk ] - items .
parse the optional fields for kern pair data and composites return value is a which are the return values from : func : _ parse _ kern _ pairs , and
converts hex string to rgb
in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager , search fields can either be a sequence , or a dict of fields mapped to weights .
this function takes a list of assertions and a string to check these assertions against .
create a new user , add a new registration instance for letting user verify its identity and create a user profile .
check and set the http ( s ) authentication method , username and password for first three methods , or pem private key file for
return a dict of cpan configuration values
escape a string for inclusion in xml .
list grade csv files that are available for download for this course .
check if the running - configuration has changed , send an email notification when this occurs .
get a specific group by id .
checks to see if the requested package is in the cache ; and if so , it removes both the package itself and its extracted contents .
load an odf file into memory
copy contours to parent from component , including nested components .
check rules that are applicable to # include lines .
decorator to add tags to a test class or method .
add race preventer field to workers table .
converts from a packed , base64 - hex - encoded representation of latitude , longitude and accuracy into a location namedtuple .
rename appropriately ordered list of channel names .
converts to lowercase , removes non - word characters and converts spaces to hyphens .
set static ip configuration on a windows nic iface
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
encloses each non - function keyword with versioned mysql comment
returns an openid association store object based on the database engine chosen for this django application .
returns true if a _ sunder _ name , false otherwise .
set the value of the setting for the provided class .
local top - hat of an image .
render a product snippet as you would see in a browsing display .
retrieve the output of a sql query taking advantage of an union sql injection vulnerability on the affected parameter .
test that dates are not split and kept as one token .
purge the named container and delete its minion key if present .
upsampling using pooling indices .
allow other sites to access this resource , see URL
strip whitespace from each string in the
only load this module if swift is installed on this minion .
confirm that the sequence contains only bases
collects the list of falling examples during build and prints them with the traceback
replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string
initializes the astropy log - - in most circumstances this is called automatically when importing astropy .
removes a tablespace from the postgres server .
return the xml generated from * cxel _ str * .
decorator to protect views by providing oauth2 authentication out of the box , optionally with scope handling .
retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
returns whether the given number , exactly as dialled , might be used to connect to an emergency service in the given region .
validator for manifest platform .
implements pbkdf2 as defined in rfc 2898 , section 5 . 2
performs search or returns cached search results .
attribute converter factory
enables a server globally
create bundled type of osc messages
send the data to carbon
generic z - test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics
creates a set of training / test splits for cross validation randomly .
transforms an import line in a pb2 module .
set rpm facts of installed variant
delete all the files from the specified directory .
provides fmadm only on solaris
makes globally unique ids .
statement : expression
validates the value of a ui configuration .
return the appropriate verbose _ name or verbose _ name _ plural value for obj depending on the count n .
gets the first element matched by the predicate in the iterable .
function to calculate computed field for stats _ data - returns the year of this entry
allow options for the sqlalchemy database engine to be passed by using the prefix " database _ engine _ option " .
test equality of two stat - tuples , content - related parts only
get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text .
list devices in server density
project data onto right eigenvectors of whitened forward .
returns the predicative adjective .
slice substrings from each element in the series / index
delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies and are not required anymore .
check if a file matches the given hash string
set the spines position without resetting an associated axis .
pure implementation of the merge sort algorithm in python
create a volumes filesystem on one pool , copy to another pool .
add pillars output to negatives .
extracts a tarfile into a temporary directory and returns the full path of the . shp file inside
returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify
compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper .
apply function to each value inside the sequence or dict .
fire up the configured engines !
return a list of module names from a filename list .
start the cherrypy app server in serverless mode .
retrieve pickle from pickled string
error checking on routines that should not return - 1 .
generate a safe datetime from a datetime . date or datetime . datetime object .
returns the set of unique features for all given vectors .
get the absolute path of the pywin32 dll specific to the pywin32 module with the passed name .
only load this module if python - ethtool is installed
returns whether the feature flag to enable microsite has been set
removes the current user as follower of the given user .
expect the given message in the qutebrowser log .
returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery
helper function to add an inset axes and disable navigation in it
somebody disconnected from a jobs page
loads and returns the xontribs . json file .
upgrade all packages .
set up the test case to the specified scenario .
return dict where keys are lines in the line number table .
determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel .
a replacement for os . walk that does not die when it encounters undecodeable filenames in a linux filesystem
reconstruct a rational function frac a b in mathbb z _ p ( t ) from . .
a wrapper around imghdr . what to account for jpeg files that can only be identified as such using their magic bytes
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model , one frame at a time , no harmonic tracking x : input sound ; fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size , t : threshold in negative db , nh : maximum number of harmonics , minf0 : minimum f0 frequency in hz ; maxf0 : maximim f0 frequency in hz , f0et : error threshold in the f0 detection ; stocf : decimation factor of mag spectrum for stochastic analysis returns y : output sound , yh : harmonic component , yst : stochastic component
toggle the current users membership of a group .
build the email as a multipart message containing a multipart alternative for text plus all the attached files .
get all servicemanage services sorted by servicemanage count .
decodes a pdfdocencoding string to unicode .
make a duplicate .
returns a bool whether or not this node is a xen hypervisor
test mxne inverse computation
load matlab file .
launch a tail process for each follow _ path .
convert a string of bytes into an integer , as per x9 . 62 .
check the python source given by c { codestring } for flakes .
return the first configured instance .
chunks a string into smaller strings of given length .
convert a nltk . tree . tree to a string .
set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file - like i / o .
align fid pointer .
get the container rootfs path container container id or grain
generate a list of random sparse distributed vectors .
given a string and index , return
computes the parameterization of a parametric surface func : function
convert other to decimal .
decodes the prediction of an imagenet model .
verify that a string is a valid url slug .
stop a scan
the used to add a new service , with an optional health check , to the local agent .
deletes all the child entries for the given image id .
returns a friendly localised unicode representation of a datetime .
returns a copy of the given structure .
convert a pd . timedelta to a number of seconds as an int .
verify that a string is a valid web root path , normalize the slashes .
decorates a function , so that it will become a new step definition .
this functions takes a document from a passive sensor , and prepares its infos and fullinfos fields .
delete a gemset ruby
make an appveyor api request
set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any .
gets registration form from remote host .
commit the received files into the database .
linux uses a normal path .
recursively downloads a file entry to the target path .
returns a temporary directory .
calculates a certificates public key bit length .
do not send process status package back to scheduler .
returns true is full upgrade succeeds
mean absolute error loss .
adds the header hdr : value with the response .
write graph g in single - line adjacency - list format to path .
return offset from utc of named time zone , in minutes , as of now .
use this to make a mock stdout / stderr ( e . g . for a method that calls print ( ) ) .
a simple view that is login protected .
the equations of this type of ode are . .
returns api visible attr names and their default values .
computes polynomial lcm over a field in k [ x ] .
return the details of a organization .
return a periodic sawtooth or triangle waveform .
returns a random d - regular graph on n nodes .
returns a dictionary , mapping a review request id to a list of commits .
aborts execution and causes a http error .
check the given path , printing out any warnings detected .
reshape the sequence according to the template in how .
extracts valid positions in string s using index array p .
the binary representation of this address .
convert a value written in si notation to a tuple .
retrieve the next element of a sequence
generates z data for the points in the x , y meshgrid and parameter phi .
asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
pack objects into a file .
moves the source virtual disk to the destination .
returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values .
setuniformvariables - set the uniform shader variables we need
send a message to all listening and expect no reply .
makes doc chunks for option declarations .
compute upper degree bounds for the gcd of two bivariate integer polynomials f and g .
add user to the organization .
espell retrieves spelling suggestions , returned in a results handle .
return a reversed string
each argument should be a dataframe with timing and name columns where name is the name of the vbench .
returns the sha1sum of the file
formats the variable according to the arg , a string formatting specifier .
resource headers for component views
return true if the ticket cache contains " conf " information as is found in ticket caches of kerboers 1 . 8 . 1 or later .
uninstall a node . js package .
general purpose function .
find objects by importing modules as needed .
load a configuration file and generate importer and exporter classes .
strips out most of the logic from calculate _ group _ scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group .
retrieve disk type for given file .
returns a serializable utc timestamp .
syncs issues with jira
read a test file .
gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
make a test case to test an icalculator implementation .
common code between all 3 t - test functions .
this is a wrapper function that runs a hooks . scheduler _ events method
removes the authenticated users id from the request and flushes their session data .
fix the integer index type and value for the given dimension size .
simulates a post request to a wsgi application .
setup console menus
returns percent of valid fasta labels and that do not match sampleids fasta _ labels : list of fasta labels sample _ ids : set of sample ids from mapping file total _ seq _ count : int of total sequences in fasta file
start following another user .
helper to look in environment variables for credentials .
prints and executes command " cmd " .
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
visualize object code
reorder coordinates so that 2d xs , ys can be plotted in the plane orthogonal to zdir .
a function for populating a : class : fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
helper to get a dataset path .
use 4 spaces per indentation level .
returns a side _ effect with given return value for a given value
the logarithm of the normalization constant for the wishart distribution
bytecode compiles the file filename
helper function to set the roles to the identity pool
display a question string which can be answered with yes or no .
returns a suitable dot node id for nid .
provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses
serialize an ogc web map context document 1 . 1
converts a linkage matrix into an easy - to - use tree object .
looks up the exceptions on github , parses them into a dict , and inserts them into the scene _ exceptions table in cache . db .
test whether the frame is relevant to the entity .
retrieve strong generating set from generators of basic stabilizers .
given an request return a suitable authentication method .
write nested and non - nested enum types .
render a list of author details into richtext html
sre _ parse object to string
use / as path separator , so that source references , like { filename } / foo / bar . jpg or extras / favicon . ico , will work on windows as well as on mac and linux .
accept an answer as the solution to the question .
sign a query against aws services using signature version 2 signing
splits a piece of text into sentences , separated by periods , question marks and exclamation marks .
get the outline from the paths .
removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 .
list neutron ports
fix the variable device to colocate its ops .
copy dictionary and update it with provided arguments
set ntp configuration for a given host of list of host _ names .
return the predict results of given non time - series network .
get a sort implementation of the given kind .
operation to update course fields pertaining to entrance exams
convert a complex object into primitives .
this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url - encoded from an object that can be one of :
directly calculate connectivity .
check to see if the given command can be run
inclusion tag listing the most recently viewed products
simple function for url generation .
create or configure a user account , then log in as that user .
register an individual resource record on a connected
render a single form field from template
convert from the matrix repr .
gets the lucene version that solr is using .
returns the keys whose values in dictionary are element or , if none exists , [ ] .
ensures that the named bridge does not exist , eventually deletes it .
check that left and right panels are equal .
create a collection ,
get the normalized complex .
adds default values to settings if it not presented .
show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop
try func ( x ) and replace valueerror with conesearcherror .
create a user via the api .
terminate the instance described by instance _ id or name .
walks a simple data structure , converting byte strings to unicode .
return an image of the set under transformation f .
checks whether user can commit to translation repository .
this returns a set of orgs that are considered within a microsite .
tokenization / string cleaning for all datasets except for sst .
return dict of commands to run from setup . py .
disassemble a traceback .
start of the master process .
non - 200 response will been regarded as fetch failed and will not pass to callback .
perform benchmarking of the operation within a scenario .
returns polygon for line x , y , width , height and fill density as a polygon object
factory method to create a generation hash .
expand an ip address pattern into a list of strings .
log the user out .
generates a random mac address .
create a basic info instance suitable for use with create _ raw .
sorts javascript files in js _ files into source files , mock files and spec files based on file extension .
loads any additional plugins .
helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix
returns an screen buffer info object for the relevant stdbuf .
import translations from file in standard format
validate a python value against json schema : validate validate value : python object to validate against the schema
stubs out the vmwareapisessions get _ vim _ object method .
retrieves a data file from the standard locations for the package and provides the file as a file - like object that reads bytes .
clear the regular expression cache
fetches tenant info in servers context for following quota operation
return a hash to the latest revision in the provided repo .
restart the named service
if the source file exists on the system , copy it to the named file .
yield host tuples of
delete a key from memcache server
returns main version from version .
return fake instance _ disk _ info corresponding accurately to the properties of the given instance object .
get incoming rate based on valuation method
remove tags from a file .
ancient stateless parser
return language - code used by the installer
given a json file of the the mapping data for a modbus device , return a mapping layout that can be used to decode an new block .
return ansi escape code corresponding to color and style
create a link for a named route .
generate a l { message } like instance suitable for use as the response to
report versions of library dependencies .
like djangos to _ language , but en _ us or en - us comes out as en - us .
test clone operation
return the notifier signal name for the property of object .
docker _ cpu main loop
add to span direction from the endpoint segments which overhang the layer below .
create a continuous random variable with a beta prime distribution .
returns problem grade distribution information for each section , data already in format for d3 function .
if rcparams [ backend _ fallback ] is true , check to see if the current backend is compatible with the current running event loop , and if not switches to a compatible one .
filters a schema to only include the specified tables in the schema _ tables parameter .
distribute the group elements gens by membership in basic stabilizers .
test the defaulttaxmodule .
removes a credential from a tenant
import all submodules and make them available in a dict .
parse a message set search key into a c { messageset } .
redirect to a given url while setting the chosen language in the session or cookie .
get the evaluated value as a string .
get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
return length of the national destination code code for a number .
installs the app engine sdk , if needed .
compute losses and gradients for a single clone .
add a fragment and / or query parameters to a url .
delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . .
returns the iresourceview plugin associated with the given view _ type .
restore ica solution from fif file .
overwrite the stage variables for the given restapiid and stage name with the given variables , variables must be in the form of a dictionary .
extract all the information from the sqd file .
set the ownership and permissions on the pathname .
effect size for a test comparing two proportions for use in power function
return num bytes from the end of the file , and remaining byte count .
return a list of valid breeds found in the import signatures
parse a rule and return it as generator .
insert new _ nodes before the given target location in the tree .
returns the given value as a unicode string .
determine the status of a task .
self documenting step that indicates some reason .
get toc with the bootstrapping modules and their dependencies .
returns true if * id * is a valid xml id .
print usage and exit .
run a git command .
takes a parsed scenario ( like from parse _ scenario ( ) ) and runs it .
turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date .
takes a list of app labels , and returns a string of their frozen form .
gets project name based on slug .
parses the payload by delegating to specialized functions .
check whether the files permissions equal the given vector .
an option of type dict .
write an index file based on the contents of a dictionary .
given a list of collection ids , return a list with the corresponding summary domain objects .
shifted legendre polynomial .
make a mapping from document ids to author ids .
return the hits hub matrix .
set attributes into both configuration and knowledge base singletons based upon command line and configuration file options .
test connectivity to a host using a particular port from the minion .
four tests for granger non causality of 2 timeseries all four tests give similar results params _ ftest and ssr _ ftest are equivalent based on f test which is identical to lmtest : grangertest in r
return the given streams encoding or a default .
decorates content _ list with courseware metadata using the discussion id map cache if available .
compute the precision
get the pid by trying to access an pid file .
terminate and wait ( ) any subprocess started by this test suite and ensure that no zombies stick around to hog resources and create problems when looking for refleaks .
get nova versioned objects
ensure there is storage for inputs , outputs , and interior nodes .
transition from varchar id to integer id .
raise http error status in non - interactive controllers
make the input adopt a specific broadcasting pattern .
convenience function for standardizing inputs by applying a fixed offset and scale .
configure the ssh server to allow root login .
parse a tree text .
produce dataframe representing quantiles of a series
returns the crc64 checksum for a sequence .
we parse the javascript code and find the payload context name .
check to see whether the file already exists
create a new server instance that is either threaded , or forks or just processes one request after another .
read named matrix from the given node .
this function takes the bar graph data and generate html coordinates which can be used with an area map
retrieve all attachment records for specific project .
allows us to temporarily override all the special keyword parameters in a with context
set the ip that was assigned by the dhcp server .
instantiate an event tracker backend from the full module path to the backend class .
get step key for x and y .
returns whether the given course has the given visibility type
docstring for install _ numpy
iterates over the edges of a minimum spanning tree as computed by
assigns up to 5 keywords to resource
replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html ; a single newline becomes an html line break ( ) and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break ( ) .
sets up tasks to do user install dumps .
authenticates to a control socket using the information provided by a
create fake prefix objects for all unallocated space within a prefix .
formats a task eta as a relative time string .
get the front of the loops .
try to locate the google drive folder .
summarize the list of abort messages .
extracts the diagonal from a matrix or makes a vector a diagonal matrix .
checks if the given data contains a thread field that is not initializable by the requesting user
compare a discovered dataset to a desired dataset to determine if they have converged .
builds a codeobj summary by identifying and resolving used names > > > code = . . .
frozen distributions for mean , variance , and standard deviation of data .
bytes _ to _ long : long
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion .
print a bold text .
build a wheel , optionally uploading it
it checks that the version is supported , otherwise it raises an error .
updates the package list - true : database updated successfully - false : problem updating database
create a testcase for testing iflockerapiv1client .
decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
mysql doesnt have a better method of getting privileges aside from the
check to make sure append _ positions works properly
construct a connection value from a container
request cancellation of an action execution .
given a list args of arguments and a list of functions , choose one to call which seems to be the " best " fit for this list of arguments .
similar to get _ or _ create , either updates a row or creates it .
try a very crude method to figure out a valid external
recursive helper method that converts bson types so they can be converted into json .
quantize the image to contain a maximum of max _ colors colors .
rewrites the user according to the augmentation class .
modify the solution according to the ip approach .
determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using .
extract the images into a 4d uint8 numpy array [ index , y , x , depth ] .
return the object indicated by the lookup triple and the kwargs passed to the view .
setup the demo tracker .
list user saved playlists .
get blob - storage from api - proxy stub map .
set a key on the memcached server , overwriting the value if it exists .
tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
returns an index of the child with usage _ key .
given a bytestring or a file - like object that will produce them , parse and return an elementtree .
minus directional movement
context manager to run batch normalization in " training mode " .
returns a systemstat describing memory usage , expressed in mb .
adds a new task to the default deferred queue .
collects a date xblock field of name xblock _ field _ name for the given block _ structure and transformer .
estimate the spherical variance values .
removes the repo .
converts a camelcase param like thenewattribute to the equivalent python underscore variable like the _ new _ attribute
sets proper option types
listen on a port corresponding to a description .
returns all online users within a specified time range
return ip address string from ints i : int to be added to ipbase prefixlen : optional ip prefix length ipbasenum : option base ip address as int returns ip address as string
generates a random aes key , builds an aes cipher , encrypts passed s and returns
make plugin available .
display the current database version .
add new site record information into ee database .
return the path that windows will search for dlls .
lists all public skills on mozillians .
given a filename , pathlib . path object or a readable file - like object , return a context manager that yields a readable file - like object .
set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir , my _ ip and host .
return shape and axes with single - dimensional entries removed .
returns reverification - related information for * all * of users enrollments whose reverification status is in statuses .
detect which init program is being used , init or systemd and return a class has methods to start / stop services .
multi - dimensional binary dilation with the given structuring element .
takes an object and tries to determine if it inherits at * any * distance from parent .
always say the process is threadable .
prints all the account info in the accounts collection .
returns if a function is monotonic or not , in the given interval .
block until semaphore gets back to its original state , ie all acquired resources have been released .
add students to certificate white list from the uploaded csv file .
estimate spectral norm of a real matrix by the randomized power method .
return yum or dnf depending on version
return 4 digit and 2 digit decades given year
return the largest integer less than or equal to sqrt ( n ) .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
get the loops if fill is on , otherwise get the outlines .
run a mrjob and return its output as a dictionary .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
return true if text is a host domain name .
determines if a circuit is reducible by checking if its subcircuits are scalar values .
runs python code in the projects virtual environment , with django loaded .
deny access to the datastore table through
freshdesk will only tell us the first event to match our webhook configuration , so if we change multiple properties , we only get the before and after data for the first one .
retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call .
helper to convert from wx keycode to vispy keycode
convert local track or directory uri to absolute path .
update the en / lc _ messages / django . po files with new / updated translatable strings .
convert user name to a uid
this is a decorator generator for dropping convergence conditions .
instructs chocolatey to install a package if it doesnt already exist .
get sjson if already exists , otherwise generate it .
validate doctype fields .
unmonitor service via monit
reset performance statistics to zero on the local node .
handles the timeout logic
force x to a list .
calculate the time left in the format hh : mm : ss
create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
provides the results of the measurements of the rpm / sla probes .
apply optimisingtestsuite on a per - module basis .
get stack version where stack _ dir points to root directory of stack .
return href string with proper limit and marker params .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
substitute a single enum keyword argument , if it occurs
return info about the network interfaces of a named vm
languages modified since a revision
documents an individual method
convert attribute values from json representation .
set global default language
returns the number of maximal cliques in the graph .
format and write frames .
return array of partition names for given disk
returns the trace of a matrix .
fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint .
add point complexes between the endpoints of a segment .
retrieve descriptions and information associated with a dataset .
turn object data into something serializable
compares the value of two fields the value of self is to be greater than the supplied field .
return the inferred value for the given node .
returns a string of a given length .
compute the degree centrality for nodes in a bipartite network .
test installing from wheel with - - compile on
convert a value < 100 to french
url tag for use in templates - like { % url . . .
monitor the memory usage of the minion
calculate probability from t distribution
give a rational isolating interval for an algebraic number .
get the location of the server subpackage
do not expose method in public api
check if a collection exists
create an object in the db .
takes a version string or tuple and raises valueerror in case the passed version is newer than the current version of pgi .
return a formatted string of the given time in the given zone .
remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages .
get one of the test images from the test data directory .
returns the fragment representing the parts of a diff referenced by the specified list of comment ids .
item add with preselected type
scrub task entities which are expired
create a strategy for building a type with a taggedunioninvariant .
both lists should be ordered by descending id .
requires that the user is logged in .
make an event message ready to be published or stored .
create the entire directory path , if it doesnt exist already .
same as twisted . internet . defer . fail , but delay calling errback until next reactor loop
update cached bandwidth usage for an instances network based on mac address .
open ufw port for a service .
enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler
return a trial runner class set up with the parameters extracted from
convert a number > 1024 to printable format , either in 4 char - h format as with ls - lh or return as 12 char right justified string
returns true if string id matches tablereference ref
return a filename prefix for variant .
create a series of random distribution information .
delete the resource _ instance .
compute the residual from the b scratch space .
correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states .
arglist : arglist comma argument | argument
this calls the windows regenumvalue function in a unicode safe way .
run a kapacitor task and return a dictionary of info .
mako filter that resolves a human - readable asset path to its name on disk .
open a spreadsheet file for data extraction .
returns a prepared nw _ info list for passing into the view builders
converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks ( ) .
converts newlines into and s .
carves up a mime - type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
get metadata for all aggregates that host belongs to .
create a new instance type .
discard the object descriptor p .
verify the webhook signature from travisci signature
only load if the influxdb module is available
compute the saturation for a continuous level .
use quasi - minimal residual iteration to solve ax = b .
return the formatted outputter string for the passed data
save the current in - memory rules to disk
convert obj to text string
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
return a formset for the given form class .
parse html and return a list of htmlform instances .
handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables .
internal tag stripping utility used by strip _ tags .
converts unicode to to current users character encoding .
this function calls a function that performs checks on both url stability and all get , post , cookie and user - agent parameters to check if they are dynamic and sql injection affected
read sift or surf features from externally generated file .
set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
improves keys in dict if they contained . or started with $ .
matches consecutive needles at the end of a path .
declare interfaces provided directly by a class
split expression f into fac , po , g , where fac is a constant factor , po = x * * s for some s independent of s , and g is " the rest " .
called when client information is requested .
expected assignment _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
pre _ delete and post _ delete implicitly point to a place in the document .
the earliest date for which we can load data from this module .
makes a normalized pmf from a hist object .
imports an object based on a string .
creates on bridge a new port named port .
wrapper for dump _ fn .
return resource and enforce _ attr _ based _ check per resource and action extracted from api operation .
return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray
get the standalone , primary , or mongos pool .
returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object .
creates a list of " cleaned " headers which spreadsheets accept .
determines whether a string or float is nan = > nan = > snan 0 = > not a nan
takes a file - like object containing a mime document and returns a
return true if queues empty or non - existent
returns the carrier id for the request lifecycle .
create a machine qualification histogram of the given data .
check for a running tcp daemon .
return unit sphere coordinates from window coordinates .
move up to max _ rows rows from one tables to the corresponding shadow table .
computes request counts in different response time ranges for histograms .
remove whitespace at the beginning of each line .
return all environment variables udev has for dev
construct a numba ufunc from a blaze expression
this will store the current language layout in the context .
left is a sql clause like tablename . arg = and lst is a list of values .
python 3 compatibility function for converting to str .
decorator that automatically transfers the user from http sessions to channel - based sessions , and returns the user as message . user as well .
template filter for readable formatting of datetime . datetime
a : mod : signal handler which will exit the program on signal .
puts thread to sleep , checking this threads exit _ flag twice a second .
replaces html5 subtitles , presented for both html5 sources , with chosen one .
compile a list of statements as the body of a function and return the resulting python function .
return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain
return an html representation of a pstats . stats object .
do a % s request .
read 3 bytes and adjust .
extended measurement report section 9 . 1 . 52
remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements .
remove one or multiple keys from the current parameters .
create a volume group by using the block special devices
convert a file : url to a path .
deletes an existing pub / sub topic .
removes a hook from a method on a class
finds closest match to query _ seq assumes : all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq _ possibilities returns best _ hit is closest sequence from seq _ possibilities , or none if a tie min _ dist is the bitwise hamming distance between the query _ seq and the best hit assuming default nt _ to _ bits of { " a " : " 11 " , " c " : " 00 " , " t " : " 10 " , " g " : " 01 " } , examples : cw1 = aaacccgggttt cw2 = aaacccgggtta cw3 = aaacccgggttg cw4 = aaacccgggttc cw4 = aaacccgggtcc
assigns wsgiapplication globals to a proxy pointing to thread - local .
calculate checksums for all themes .
run a function after the view has finished loading
allow anything set - like to participate in set binops .
general version of reductions > > > reduction # doctest : + skip
get possible power management types
write nested and non - nested message types .
convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar .
fixture that provides a headerchecker class for tests
return _ stmt : return testlist
return rotation matrix from quaternion .
set the minimum number of days between password changes .
serialize python data to a python string representation
get the geometry tools directory path .
returns verbose description for project translation
return true if file matches crc
return true if the media type is a valid form media type .
a convenience for generating _ version . py data .
remove role for user in tenant
returns a dictionary of = > float .
writes quality score sequence out in proper format demultiplexed _ qual _ f : open file object to write label / qual scores to .
get the xmodule . positions display item of an xmodule that has a position and children .
given a request object this validates the signature from the current request and returns the user .
turns any callable into a lazy evaluated callable .
copy files from a remote host to another remote host .
get the details about a task in the task scheduler .
builds a soap envelope to send to the vcenter hidden api
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
queries bing for the specified input .
given an httpmessage , return all headers matching a given key .
return list of modules compiled into the server
instruments the given store to count the number of calls to find and the number of calls to send _ message which is for insert , update , and remove .
get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement .
load a context object in place from user data directory .
generates a random password .
detach the current process in the background .
indicate that the last header line has been sent to the server .
return accuracy of the array of logits wrt the labels
return the full url for a gravatar given an email hash .
redraw the current figure
json object hook , deserializing datetimes
compute nt zeros and values of the airy function bi and its derivative .
return the matrix to multiply a 2 - d points coordinates by x and y .
parses a backendinfoexternal object from a string .
writes the list of projects to several table files
generate source directory structure from remote registry service .
data provider decorator , allows another callable to provide the data for the test .
test updating user email using update _ user _ email function
show samples given a dbm model .
extract the text from a tag in the html starting with starttag .
simplified interface to debug running programs
start media discovery .
extended euclidean algorithm for two univariate polynomials over mathbb z _ p .
a generic function for linking some node , user pair with the configured archive provider
returns a dictionary of field names to statistical values for a particular category id defined in idmap .
find out what items are documented in source / * . rst
return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph _ reference .
checks to see if the all _ tenants flag is in search _ opts
call the blas matrix * vector product function for the given arguments .
only load if sqlite3 is available .
add the end xml tag .
returns time in milliseconds since the epoch .
given a request , short - circuit csrf .
return matching items in both lists .
change the logging level of the default logger .
uncompress and untar an archive on a host .
only load if boto is available .
compute autocovariance function acf _ y ( h ) for h = 1 , . . . , p
returns ports serial from a libvirtlivemigratedata
returns num - tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints , wrapping some floats
setting a value is not supported ; edit the yaml files directly
the io handler for the well - known port .
return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y .
return true if cmd is a bash builtin .
returns where bool is true if the term has a non - integer rational power and den is the denominator of the expressions exponent .
trailing blank lines are superfluous .
return effective data for the form , in essence running its validation methods , but trying to return its state to what it was before the full _ clean .
return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on an requests response .
clean the name in a title tag .
diff _ dict and diff _ list are recursive methods which build an html representation of the differences between two objects .
returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x .
rs without known primary .
given obj which is either something that is an instance of mapping or an iterable , return something that implements mapping from getattr to the value of the items in the iterable .
look up a word using a dict server
unregisters a python com server .
returns a tuple such that r = gcd = ia + jb
run program in a separate process .
run all the tests in this suite .
supported challenges validator for the argparse .
a version of issubclass that supports netproxies
read projections from a fif file .
given a list of ids and an indexer , index into es .
wrapper function for series arithmetic operations , to avoid code duplication .
sets the default language
render all registered review request actions .
returns true if a 404 at the given url * shouldnt * notify the site managers .
returns a tuple tf . variables in a scope for a given collection .
used to support dictionary values in html forms .
shows a commands documentation , and possibly an example .
evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps .
post handles a submission of the forums form .
returns bipartite node sets of graph g .
translate special terms
get liveaction by id .
labeled _ statement : id colon statement
handle adding a product to the basket .
main function for sum simplification
download an object from this bucket to a file - like - object .
supports the command - line arguments listed below .
returns a format string for printing the given struct type .
expand the links in the line for the given sites .
get the taxmodule specified in settings .
return only first element of the hostname from all possible list .
update a user password .
transform polar coordinates to cartesian .
filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
match a given key and value against an attribute list .
initialize the random and np . random generators .
get all info brew can provide about a list of packages .
embarrassingly parallel dask
view that prompts user to enter their password in order to claim being a contributor on a project .
delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id .
compute ricatti - bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
given the location and size of the box , return the path of the box around it .
search for youtube playlists .
skolemize the expression and convert to conjunctive normal form
plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
return function name of x else the type ( x ) .
parse a http _ cookie header and return dict of cookie names and decoded values .
deletes a quote from a nick
sends a message on a fanout exchange to a specific server .
this will get us the programs directory , even if we are frozen using py2exe
inits bootstrap _ support on all nontip nodes , and ensures unique names returns a nearly identical copy , with uniquely named internal nodes , and node . bootstrap _ support set to 0 also removes all tips from the master tree if theyre not present in all support trees
migrate all apps to the latest version , will : - run patches - sync doctypes - sync fixtures - sync desktop icons - sync web pages
compute source power spectrum density from epochs .
test multiple tiers of iterators
do a search of groups which match a type - used for auto - completion
read an arff file .
submit the table creation , and setup the load to happen .
update the organization preferences .
renderiza el template con el contexto .
get an iterator of names and bound methods .
make a veth pair connnecting new interfaces intf1 and intf2 intf1 : name for interface 1 intf2 : name for interface 2 addr1 : mac address for interface 1 addr2 : mac address for interface 2 node1 : home node for interface 1 node2 : home node for interface 2 deleteintfs : delete intfs before creating them runcmd : function to run shell commands raises exception on failure
compares two werkzeug hg versions .
generates public and private keys , and returns them as .
replace an existing key
accepts an image dictionary that contains a v1 - style is _ public member and returns the equivalent v2 - style image dictionary .
remove a logical volume .
fetch an mldata . org data set
decode the value passed in returning the decoded value and the number of bytes read in addition to the starting offset .
return true if a data disk is requested . .
return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
get any new elements and process the archivable .
raises a unitswarning about a deprecated unit in a given format .
return the given email address without various localpart manglings .
get properties count in a namespace
calculate the survival function and its standard error for a single group .
return a groups activity stream .
send message to people / teams
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
get personcontact of given user .
create a new rsa key .
checks authorization of a rule against the target and credentials .
prints the usage of this script .
python 2 / 3 dict _ _ repr _ _ may be different , because of unicode differens .
we get here from / trackers
converts pachi coordinates to actions
reset the test run information stored in model elements .
return specialised explanations for some operators / operands
a version of os . walk that can follow symlinks for python < 2 . 6
checks to see if a file exists .
add a circle intersection loop .
return all of the requirements of dist that are present in installed _ dists , but have incompatible versions .
show a message helper function .
since the policy seems a little , uh , fragile , make sure we know approximately what were looking at .
convert the value into an integer .
save data as a pickle file .
returns a shared object
derive one or more keys from a passphrase .
generate vertices & indices for a filled and outlined cube
prints out the users medication to the console .
return party status based on open documents
creates the optimizer networks .
get an iterable of provide objects for the given category .
get the fans of an object .
test lifecycle of a subscription .
simulate output of a continuous - time linear system .
the core of the model consists of an lstm cell that processes one word at a time and computes probabilities of the possible continuations of the sentence .
function to return the list of sections for the given template
load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path .
categorize users from a file subscription into three categories .
a function call
retrieve packdb by the provided reference .
fit a sphere to the headshape points to determine head center .
find definition by name in module - space .
computes the formula for f .
test drawing to a framebuffer
marks the function as internally used
format each section of the allowed list
return an object containing the parsed output from qemu - img info .
get a random node id , with eighth bit set as suggested by rfc 4122 .
returns a python logger that uses streamhandler
wrapper to pylons call
download the specified url to a directory .
return an iterator of tuples over the given urls , filtering dupes
recursive method for get _ all _ objects to get qt objects .
return a set of faces in g .
creates content types for models in the given app , removing any model entries that no longer have a matching model class .
fatal configuration issue , raise an exception
estimate the rank of data .
fetch the image from glance
retrieves configured ntp peers
return task flow for introspecting images to obtain metadata about the image .
compute power spectrum density using a multi - taper method .
works exactly like : func : dumps but is safe for use in
get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid .
process given c { b { result } } based on flags set in c { b { method } }
return threshold value based on yens method .
write worksheet hyperlinks to xml .
decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of all dtypes .
delete the specified configuration from memory and stable storage .
drops the specified views from the database
context allowing for ssh between vios partitions
a simple 500 handler so we get media
returns the trigger object from db given a trigger uid .
display the tableau window and start the main loop .
find subscription type string within specific subscription .
add the socket and hollow peg .
quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool .
register a service as cascading wms
get a numpy dtype . type - style object .
retrieves all flatpage objects available for the current site and visible to the specific user .
list ros stacks within the specified path .
even if all apps are avoid in settings , it is possible to run a single app by - - apps argument
wrap any raised struct . errors in a conversionerror .
since django 1 . 6 items added to the session are no longer pickled , but json encoded by default .
dispatch from here to work with metadata or file objects
pop an image from the shared image stack .
loading birth name dataset from a zip file in the repo
a view that reads a session variable
get equation for rectangular z .
get the composite index definition used by the query , if any , as a list .
get an integration for a given method in a given api
print out the data passed into the function * * kwargs , this is used to both test the publication data and cli kwarg passing , but also to display the information available within the publication data .
returns a list of scripts for a twisted subproject ; this works in any of an svn checkout , a project - specific tarball .
support for passing generators as * gens and [ gens ] .
return the type of a coordinate .
converts a uniform resource identifier into an internationalized
get all namespaces that match zero or more filters .
check for valid fscale .
recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values
stack tensors in sequence on given axis .
debug a script and connect to remote frontend
compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g .
this can be used within a mako template to include a django template in the way that a django - style { % include % } does .
start an action for an instance .
loglikelihood of ar ( 1 ) process , as a test case sigma _ u partially hard coded
users in a city .
main entry point of the application , execution starts here
only load if celery libraries exist .
compute the medial axis transform of a binary image
start a vm
constructs a field from a document _ pb . field protocol buffer .
converts the arguments for use in something like a where clause .
open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable ( ) because we want to patch it in our tests
returns a form field for a db . datetimeproperty .
returns the lfr benchmark graph for testing community - finding algorithms .
runs the oauthgetaccesstoken cgi .
shows a page with the results of cobbler check
install a candidate import fabtools # install a gvm candidate fabtools . gvm . install _ candidate
gets a dataset tuple with instructions for reading cifar10 .
for add and mul , it can happen that we have too much input
measure runtime prediction of each instance .
get a numeric quality value out of a list of possible values
convert a dns rdata class to text .
queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user .
convert a linear - phase fir filter to minimum phase
role for pep / rfc references that generate an index entry .
determine if a module is a package - that means , sub - modules can be imported
attempts to convert a string of unknown character set to a unicode string .
same as as _ sparse _ variable but if we cant make a sparse variable , we try to make a tensor variable .
function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance
opens a resource from the zoneinfo subdir for reading .
creates the directory specified by path , creating intermediate directories as necessary .
get a server object to perform openid authentication .
run a list of tuples , aborting the run if a single one fails and fail _ sequential is set to true .
polynomial exponentiation modulo a polynomial over ints mod p .
consensus tree of a series of bootstrap trees for a multiple sequence alignment
max pooling 1d .
check if partition satisfies the alignment constraint of part _ type .
create a secure token for the given id .
build a systemctl command line .
returns a dictionary of { field _ index : } representing all relationships to the given table .
safely query whether an api is importable , without importing it
fetches an image from amazons s3 .
returns a new clip with a mask for transparency where the original clip is of the given color .
this is func2
help function to check if the range matches with value
updates _ comments property in parent document .
assert that the problem is displaying a particular answer .
return a case - and whitespace - normalized name .
return window which has length as much as parameter start - end .
show whether syntastic has found any errors or warnings
email address should be in the form of : { group _ id } + { signature } @ example . com
install twisted reactor .
return the set of guids found in guid _ string
check if parent is init
if we are a klass that is preserved by the internals these are internal klasses that we represent
remap a url in the ways the course requires .
add github _ link function linking to the current page on github
takes something like and returns a arma order , sarma order tuple .
check if configure has been regenerated .
aggregate the input stream and write aggregated records to the output stream
add author information to the template document .
the fraction of variation in y captured by the model , which equals 1 - the fraction of variation in y not captured by the model
synchronize periodically the agents .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for reports
runs the testsuite as command line application .
returns true if the spec info looks like it describes a list parameter .
restart service via daemontools .
angular momentum of a system
resumes processing of queues , that where suspended with rq suspend
return all metrics
create an ad unit tree and display it .
assign status data to a dict .
checks if a user has access to a local site .
remove all duplicates from the input iterable
return a factor having root v
new subtask form
add a circle intersection loop .
update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag .
add an environment variable for the duration of a test .
returns partial username matches
start binary analsis .
get modified properties
registers the given verb class
applies the function to each pixel in the given image .
return the image object to use
returns a soap envelope containing a saml request as a text string .
make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database .
precompute and store some things that are used for both meg and eeg .
set the base hostname for musicbrainz webservice requests .
redirect to project / create
extract a set of unique identifiers from the request .
perform a wks record lookup .
checks if a netmask is expressable as e prefixlen .
process the xml element .
get a full network dict from just a network name
return a friendly http greeting .
generate a " non - square stochastic matrix " of shape , which contains as rows m probability vectors of length n with k nonzero entries .
returns an auto - incremented integer primary key field named " id " .
remove symbolic links determining the default commands .
deep release search to get track info
downgrade the databases current migration level
fetches the user model using the app registry .
splits strings into space - separated components .
returns a dict describing specific flavor .
ensure that phone numbers always show as ltr - otherwise + appears at the end which looks wrong even in rtl
polynomial division with remainder over a field .
return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device
fetch and store / update the metadata of all idps
find all the actions in the namespace .
return absolute path for configuration file with specified filename
return k items without replacement from a weighted sample .
return support status dict if path is under vcs root
wrapper for inserting float features into example proto .
returns html5 code embedding the clip clip
create a new datastore cluster for the specified datacenter in this vmware environment
given a selfcontained token and a scope try to parse and unsign it .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
remove the clear tag from the given value .
tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
not in fuzzy logic
returns a different transformer depending on the prefix at the end of the requested url .
return a snapshots id from its name on the backend .
check if a storage backend is frozen based on host and cluster _ name .
return the trailing coefficient of f .
helper to check that arr _ from broadcasts up to shape _ to
format the allowed value so that it is gce compatible .
an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type - 1 equivalent
returns a sample of size k from the given population .
return current epoch time in milliseconds .
call a function with hold .
build a list of test arguments for test _ hist .
return version of sqlite
returns the computers network name
only load if boto libraries exist .
gets the value of the overridden field for the ccx .
get all instances belonging to a node .
ensure trail exists .
return a host string for an address in dhcp - host format .
show pending notifications for a user .
only load if the eselect module is available in _ _ salt _ _
partially format a template string .
sets the response headers and body for error messages .
create a decorator that can be used for registering vi operators .
creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs .
log an exception .
run the supplied workflow in the supplied target _ history .
build an xoauth string for use in smtp / impa authentication .
compute the range of string between " a " and last .
return the default dict of the state output .
possible inputs : strings , bytes , members of zipfile , temporary file
unmount a logical volume from a mount location .
calculate the entropy of an image
run yui compressor on a file .
calculates accuracy and the speed up of lshforest .
listen for state changes based on configuration .
divides a 64 - bit bgzf virtual offset into block start & within block offsets .
check for the existence of a route53 hosted zone .
returns a date from the given parameters : - date = > now - date - date - date - date - date - date
pure implementation of the selection sort algorithm in python
gets the edit control with the focus , or none
this function calculates the levenshtein distance but allows for elements in the lists to be different by any number in the set acceptable _ differences .
get the templates directory path .
converts a solution with integrals in it into an actual solution .
normalize case of pathname .
return the first object found in the context , from a list of keys , with the matching key .
add profile to user user : string username profile : string profile name
run key scheduling algorithm .
replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer .
build a path - > class lookup dict .
push a double word onto the current block stack .
pull variables out of mat 5 file as a sequence of mat file objects
perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
explicitly fail an currently - executing test with the given message .
get ancestor elements of a doctype with a tree structure
clear the filecmp cache .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page , so we know which value to use .
determines whether or not the program is run as root .
execute a shell command and return the commands return code .
find an application .
list available translations for spyder based on the folders found in the locale folder .
deleting a call should work
simulates a failure in fetch image _ glance _ disk .
displaying a message .
sends mail on behalf of application .
confirm that even with masking on both inputs and outputs , cross - entropies are of the expected scale .
sets up a simple linear path graph structure .
return index - yyyymmddhhmmss with the current time .
experiments can only be submitted by the people with the right group .
populates a set containing unique properties .
opens up the root url .
construct an object holding a time value .
on python 3 opens a file in text mode by using fs encoding and a proper en / decoding errors handler .
sorts longer passages first .
build a list of ciphers that are supported by the backend in use .
check existance of all hourly traffic logs for month _ date .
only work on mac os
set the opengl configuration
return the fathead entry abstract .
removes duplicate elements from a list while preserving the order of the rest .
disallow lazily imported modules to be used as proxies .
listen to sqs and fire message on event bus
extract data from a step instance .
choose elements depending on condition .
return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings .
compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
return list of paths searched for plugins .
read data from downloaded file .
converts long to int if small enough to fit
image data resource factory method
collects a dictionary of word , document and topic distributions .
recursively copy a directory tree using copy2 ( ) .
move a storage path to another storage path .
the childes corpus should be manually downloaded and saved to [ nltk _ data _ dir ] / corpora / childes /
this runs the protocol on port 8000
perform multiple patches in a single call .
asynchronously run the zfs command - line tool with the given arguments .
add specific user to a list
follows the steps in rfc 3490 , section 4 to convert a unicode authority string into its ascii equivalent .
remove site template theme path from the uri .
traverse a tree asking a user which branch to choose .
helper method for static analysis .
convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object .
display a box confirming a certificate has been revoked .
decorator to specify flake8 extension details .
perform logical volume merge with snapshot and take a new snapshot .
return random format , items , item .
decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles .
previews the e - mail message that would be sent for an initial review request or an update .
expr : integer | float
standard daemonization of a process .
request contexts disappear when the response is started on the server .
get unique vertexes .
asymptotic series expansion of parabolic cylinder function
copied from containerbroker before the x _ container _ sync _ point [ 12 ] columns were added ; used for testing with
get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
updates a postgres group
handle logic of disabling json templating engine and setting http code .
canonical correlation coefficient beween 2 arrays
scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data
read the data out of the given category file , returning a tuple
creates a route table .
only load if the pygerduty module is available in _ _ salt _ _
parses a query and performs all necessary transformations on the tree .
connect to rhost and execute the bup subcommand subcmd on it .
solves re of hypergeometric type .
adds an html non - breaking space between the final two words of the string to avoid " widowed " words .
return arguments to plt . bar for pmf - like histogram of an array .
better default latex _ engine settings for specific languages .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
downloads and exports a google spreadsheet in tsv format .
graphics control extension .
the main function .
query remote object about any items that it contains .
rest controller for request templates
handle epochs navigation click .
api endpoint for deleting videos .
calculate the total loss on a single tower running the imagenet model .
apply a function to arguments .
get an episode of a series .
determine a link to online source for a class / method / function
follows one or more logs if not already followed .
return line numbers of comments that are likely code .
helper for url with host = services _ url .
return the number of leading spaces in line .
return a degrees : minutes : seconds string
validate values of args against validators in validator .
distort one image for training a network .
add vertex element to an xml element .
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
parameters used by alexnet and its variants .
specific authentication decorator .
return a table of containers and the groups they belong to .
compute cross - validation errors
convert size in bytes to user friendly size .
internet gateway fail to fetch by bad id
convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string
return fixed line endings .
returns a user based on values stored in os . environ .
get an openid request from the session , if any .
return the tuple of points sorted numerically according to args
helper method to get an instance and then convert it to a primitive form using jsonutils .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
make a palette that blends between a list of colors .
delete a value from an openstack configuration file .
notify about new contributor .
check if path is a single component of a filesystem path .
draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server .
set a cookie for device returning a dict and set cookie
find k eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the real symmetric square matrix or complex hermitian matrix a .
given a pil . image object , return a copy cropped to a square around the center point with each side set to the size of the smaller dimension .
return a list of the texture squares for the top , bottom and side .
shows a commands documentation , and possibly an example .
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups - needed for adding recipients
optionally band - pass filter the data .
create a vbd record and returns its reference .
iteratively compute disjoint positive root isolation intervals .
calculates the path of objects starting from from _ object to to _ object , along with the index of the first common ancestor in the tree .
find torrent file in given list of torrent classes
append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp
shortens a string to a repeatable mangled version with the given length .
cancels the given batchjob .
replace the standard : mod : thread module to make it greenlet - based .
finds the language code at end of a filename .
return the iam profile .
scopes the credentials if necessary .
calls the default : class : arrowfactory get method .
use latest annotations to extract items from current page
momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions .
collects and prints innodb stats about the given db instance .
make a filesystem using the appropriate module . .
three inside up / down
returns 8 - bit string representation of the supplied unicode value > > > unicodeencode foobar
determine duration of samples using gstreamer helper for precise math .
return a list of keys of dask sorted in topological order .
install flocker package on a distribution .
reduce poly by polymod , integer arithmetic modulo p .
compute assortativity for attribute matrix m .
return figure and axes with figure tightly surrounding image .
parses a string and return a datetime . time .
register a new user .
helper to construct a contextoptions object from keyword arguments .
return a list of service that are enabled on boot
a helper for creating http responses .
power on the specified instance .
creates the url for handlers that use library _ keys as url parameters .
convert a container to a command line string .
return the zone _ id . wmo _ id of the closest station to our lat / lon .
returns the model instance with a primary key of instance _ or _ pk .
take a pid .
add version of zinnia to the context .
handle overquota exception .
recursively add to | state _ set | states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves .
return the version of a postgres server .
get fibre channel wwnns from the system , if any .
this is a stabilization optimization .
factory to create a function that can be used as an option for outputting data object summary information .
registers and returns the allow _ bytes flag .
compute ssp / pca projections for ecg or eog artifacts .
find out what items are documented in source / * . rst .
get the in between loops from loops .
get the version of node . js currently installed .
returns the absolute path of a resource , regardless of whether onionshare is installed systemwide , and whether regardless of platform
parse the given options .
registers a flag whose value can be any string from enum _ values .
locate and validate the core python directories .
performs the inverse fast fourier transform with real - valued output .
evaluate a polynomial f at a in the i - th variable of the ground domain .
return a response as json .
docstring for install _ openblas
collapse a list of ip objects .
tokenize and colorize the given python source .
confirm this module is on a debian based system , and has required utilities
main method for cleaning up ovs bridges .
reconstruct interpolation matrix from real id .
test filtering and raw . apply _ function interface .
warn if the processs user is root .
return the current job configuration for the provided job .
sends a chat message to a list of jids .
get geometry output dictionary by faces and vertexes .
test packagefinder prefers page links over equivalent dependency links
setup the mochad platform .
statement : lparen expression rparen
convenience function for getting a profile url for a user .
clear the current figure .
accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels .
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
create a context in which the course identified by course _ locator exists
returns true if value is small enough to be treated as zero at the given precision .
enforce a nice tree structure for / etc / portage / package . * configuration files .
find child nodes by tag ; pass each nodes text through a constructor .
drop and recreate abe _ sequences with key renamed to sequence _ key .
iteration _ statement : while lparen expression rparen statement
determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the loop lists .
activate the settings lang , or lang provided , while in context .
statement : name equals expression
return a static text analysation function that returns float values .
validate sensor configuration .
sends a signal to a process id .
iterate over the items of the array and remove invalid unicode characters .
generate list of choices from a song list .
convert in _ theme into a jinja version and put it in out _ theme
updates first _ contribution _ msec of user with given user _ id if it is set to none .
implements the main method running this smoke test .
print the srv records for the domainname or an error message if no
find the total dir and filesize of a path
runs the warnquota command , to send warning emails to users who are over their quota limit .
tests units multistringwidget decompresses none values .
get the stroke value string .
generate a square matrix where each element val is its distance from the centre of the matrix
creates a receipt for an in - app purchase .
checks if the given string , what , matches any of the glob patterns in the iterable , glob _ patterns
deregisters a node , service , or check
notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
get info about important path names .
checks integrity of code files during the unhandled exceptions
enable / disable email alerts
returns a set of email addresses that have unsubscribed from list _ id
parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme , user , host and others .
check that you can update a message , and that the update is queued in the actionlog .
returns the scalar potential function of a field in a given frame .
returns an md5 hash for a filename .
given the source of the module , convert it to a jinja2 template to insert module code and return whether its a new or old style module .
move a file within s3 .
run the command specified by the passed positional arguments , optionally configured by the passed keyword arguments .
a helper function , for the case q > s and q % s = = 0 .
remove staff and instructor roles on ccx to all the staff and instructors members of master course .
direct update to object metadata on object server .
set the local attribute if any .
error if the dict values arent ints > = 0 .
takes a dict | env | whose values are strings that can refer to other keys , for example env [ foo ] = $ and $ .
return an iterator to a file - like obj which yields fixed size chunks
return the column width of text .
convert classified text to an html fragment
signal that we should register with a new growl server
quickstart for developing on the saltstack installation . .
plots a pmf or hist with a bar plot .
run any registered exit functions _ exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in , first out .
setup the directv platform .
build list of files referenced by html file or try to detect and use an
determine if a file contains a png format image .
verify the validity of the accounts credentials before performing a request to the remote server .
remove artifacts from the web servers
inits worker processes used in multiprocessing mode
simple sequences for hl0b .
write data validation ( s ) to xml .
reduce the given cstringo .
a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened .
attempts to parse a jwplayer playlist in a http response body .
sanitize a url against xss attacks .
returns the last value in * paths * that is not none .
downloads csv reporting of orderitems
return the tool _ path config setting for the received shed _ tool _ conf file by searching the tool boxs in - memory list of shed _ tool _ confs for the dictionary whose config _ filename key has a value matching the received shed _ tool _ conf .
format and return a connection error
find object based on tag or category .
helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix
copy app and json files into a convenient place to deploy from .
convert from millimeters to pixels
copy go source file generated by protobuf into go standard directory .
run the script .
as part of canonicalization , we replace multiplication by zero with zero .
attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded .
gets dictionary of duplicates : locations in a list
returns 1 if two lines are parralel in same direction - 1 if two lines are parralel in opposite direction 0 otherwise
sanity check for cluster mode
generator that creates partial entities for projection .
a simple 404 handler so we get media
check that all arrays have consistent first dimensions .
helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions , even if all but one are non - empty .
define the assets environment and pass it to the generator .
helper method to get a cohort for random assignment .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
get new derivation .
calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient .
return a value for the requested metric
makes a normalized suite from a hist object .
query the timeseries . list api method .
return a list of available versions of the specified package .
insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
agree to le tos
return all episodes of a given series
decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled , redirecting to the log - in page if necessary .
copy built bokehjs files into the python source tree .
loads the module , if only sysbench is installed
check if we can connect to an ip : port return true if we can connect , false otherwise .
check if misc / news has been changed .
format a task ref for consumption outside of this module
indentation context manager .
get the value for a specific configuration line .
kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line .
attaches serializers to a method .
get stats for all the servers in the cluster
assume a will fail if * fail _ condition * is true .
return the path to a transcoder with mp3 support .
dispatches according to command - line options .
returns the list of currencies for the given territory that are valid for the given date range .
true if then is later or equal to that
query iuploader plugins and return an uploader instance for general files .
load a module and retrieve an attribute of that module .
check if a desired scope wants is part of an available scope has .
get response for when transport = cli .
individual insert / commit pairs w / dbapi + connection pool
orthogonal matching pursuit step on a precomputed gram matrix .
create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist .
hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for
alternate read & write one unit
iterator over files in folder , recursively .
recurse through a subdirectory on the master and copy said subdirectory over to the specified path .
internal ; write a 32 - bit int to a file in little - endian order .
scour the polyline points attribute
evaluates the square root of an interval
show if masquerading is enabled on a zone .
handle running this program from the command - line .
setting configurators multiple ways is okay , as long as they all agree
obtain the model from the show version output .
writes random percent _ sample of sequences from input fasta filepath input _ fasta _ fp : input fasta filepath output _ fp : output fasta filepath percent _ subsample : percent of sequences to write
return a random unused port on localhost
creates a constant - filled : class : cupy . ndarray object .
transform real vector via a composition of rokhlins random transform , random subselection , and an fft .
this decorator wraps a method to catch any exceptions that may get thrown .
return a dict with keys verbose _ name and verbose _ name _ plural , typically for use with string formatting .
checks if expr is in negation normal form .
verify if emerge _ default _ opts variable contains a value in make . conf
checks if the remote routes match the local routes .
given a filename , return a treewidgetitem for a status widget " staged " , " deleted , and " untracked " control which icon is used .
return whether the graph is connected or not
returns the current viewport .
convert an object into a hash for debug .
attach a volume to a server .
default implementation of the neuralnet objective .
get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
get a human - readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name .
process the xml element .
maximum number of files that can be opened per process - freebsd defined ratio is 9 : 10 , but thats with lower limits .
iterates over the microdescriptors in a file .
applies a 3d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes , sometimes also called " deconvolution "
patch an organization
return the names for day periods used by the locale .
computes the mean squared log error .
get a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment
parse a boolean value .
returns a 3 - tuple :
retry if were rate limited by aws or blocked by another call .
analysis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size , t : threshold in negative db , minsinedur : minimum duration of sinusoidal tracks maxnsines : maximum number of parallel sinusoids freqdevoffset : frequency deviation allowed in the sinusoids from frame to frame at frequency 0 freqdevslope : slope of the frequency deviation , higher frequencies have bigger deviation stocf : decimation factor used for the stochastic approximation returns hfreq , hmag , hphase : harmonic frequencies , magnitude and phases ; stocenv : stochastic residual
shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts , specified by a contact identity key or a viewfinder user id .
like the name says .
compute the squares clustering coefficient for nodes .
the negation of a query
load the page from frappe . form and send it via frappe . response
get the gid for a given group name .
modify an existing retention policy .
convert a value < 100 to english .
return file _ changes information from osquery
rolling count of number of non - nan observations inside provided window .
estimate the fiedler vector using the reverse cuthill - mckee ordering .
return the string representing the configuration directory .
adds the text chunks in del _ chunks to the document doc with marker to show it is a delete .
this is a fallback technique at best .
return true iff we should warn about bugs fixed after a given version .
starts bulk upload .
computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights .
perform some sentiment math and come up with movie review .
given a request body , parses it and returns a list of dictionaries .
run a shell command with a timeout .
test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
builds a pyparsing - based parser object for tokenizing and interpreting tgrep search strings .
render html page
get exe - > egg path translations for a given . exe file
gets a list of all python files in the repository that need linting .
return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
this is a convenience method to gather what categories of updates are available in any update collection it is passed .
check that hosts fulfill version requirements .
display series summary .
convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query .
returns redis _ socketio connection .
wrap a function to re - authenticate and retry .
permanently delete a trashed plot file from plotly .
loved - - shows the users with the most karma !
toggle mute status .
did not run yet from regstats2 : : if idx % hac
return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute .
look for a usable instance profile for emr , and if there is none , create one .
process markdown approximately the same way that github used to .
removes and returns the next segment of path _ info , pushing it onto script _ name .
no longer used , but here for backwards compatibility .
it computes the lu decomposition of a matrix and returns l and u matrices .
loads an object from an import _ path , like in middleware _ classes and the likes .
format datetime object as unix timestamp
get the known colors
generate a csv of ora2 responses and push it to s3 .
a helper function used for pretty printing disk usage .
add teardrop drill hole to negatives .
send the results to splunk .
return a datetime object indicating when an authorization code should expire .
report all hours and days from month .
broadcasts a query and returns a list of of running servers
returns the ranking of the elements of x .
poweroff a running system
make an object a member of a group .
makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
return a string that encodes template _ name and context
look for every file in the directory tree and create the corresponding
create and return a factory which will respond to i { distrib } requests against the given site .
when given a single existing key but the value is an empty set , require ( ) aborts
given a list of parsers apply the appropriate one to each element of the input _ row
decode a bson timestamp to bson . timestamp . timestamp .
remove all back - references to this senderkey
returns a list of blast query ids , filtered by a given function .
generate the page context by extending the global context and adding page specific variables .
determine if a loop in the list is intersecting the other loops .
argparse type validator for directory arguments .
return unified diff of file compared to file on master
authentication is not required to use the given method .
this factory returns an object that wraps the last occurred exception
remove roidb entries that have no usable rois .
test that we can run a multi - line macro successfully .
converts location named tuple into a packed , base64 - hex - encoded string representation for storage in dynamodb .
send autoscaling notifications to the configured notification driver .
helper function to recursively update the namespaces of an item
helper method for defining new modules .
html - escape a string or object
simple abstraction on top of the
run on cudnn if available .
sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
creates a debug repr of an object as html unicode string .
iterate over all links in a oeb document .
context manager for setting locale and returning to previous locale .
makes a fastq file for each library
get newest messages from skype database
returns a : class : flask application instance configured with common functionality for the overholt platform .
returns the length of the file represented by fh .
yields cyclic permutations of the given sequence .
helper to download all datasets used in examples and tutorials .
demonstrates the progress bar .
update user emails in basket .
create a dataset , then wait for it to be mounted .
return a list of the elements in list , but without duplicates .
normalize an xri , stripping its scheme if present
perform file rpc call .
list the recent events .
this function extracts the mid - term features of the wave files of a particular folder without averaging each file .
tests multistringformfields value compression in a form .
emulate ustr in python 2 , do nothing in python 3
returns a formset class for the given django model class .
function to return the list of questions for the given template
return the writer class from the writer _ name module .
get a timezoned time from a given instant .
check to see if an rds exists .
return the libtorrent handle if its available , else return the default value
export a tp
plots histograms of pregnancy length for first babies and others .
performs forward substitution given a lower triangular matrix , a vector of variables and a vector of constants .
signals httpd to start , restart , or stop .
read in data used in tests
tanh activation function
return a list of minions
get the pushover options from salt .
send emails to notify the given recipients about new suggestion .
converts a string into titlecase
if s is a path , return s , else false
return a string that identifies the current platform .
return an array laid out in fortran order in memory .
parse cuda compute capability version string .
default function to generate keys .
convert a given args mapping to a list of positional arguments .
remove the specified job from the server .
simple wrapper to : class : ~ select . select , using : ~ select . poll .
context manager for temporarily setting a locale .
initialize a new container . .
retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . run _ stdout inside a container context container container id cmd command to execute . .
if { unique _ id } appears in the link , replace it with a unique id for the user .
marks the course specified by the given course _ key as complete for the given user .
get the first non root _ helper child pid in the process hierarchy .
returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
items owned by current user
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
print the usage with an optional message .
frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc
open a tunneled connection from a 0mq url .
initialize the module as appropriate for os / 2
the geographic quote name function ; used for quoting tables and geometries .
centers the value in a field of a given width .
returns the implementation class for a given kind or class key .
allow for preservation of @ action _ method decorated methods in configurator
searches vm reference using the identifier .
return current time in usecs
returns a list of all of the system group names of which the user is a member .
returns a path relative to translation projects .
create a family of data bundle functions that read from the same bundle mapping .
predicate for filtering directory list .
create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes .
set the i18n language used
raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
return the indices field of the sparse variable .
only load if boto is available .
attach elb to subnets .
create an anchored inset axes by scaling a parent axes .
setup the homematic thermostat platform .
the behavior of 3 . 2 and lower .
return the index of the sample drawn by a softmax .
manage the authentication keys with salt - key .
signal function for adding any cookies needed for email marketing
returns the changed source or none if there is no changes
extract the size of a cluster from the header line .
copies the input variable onto the specified device .
modify the enrollment status for the logged - in user .
given an object return true if the object looks like a package
check if self is returned when calling fit
for mysql we grab all table constraints simultaneously , so this is effective .
test backuplists compatibility with a test policy .
return its argument quoted for shell usage
helper function to check the stats data passed into it , and raise an execption if none are returned .
return the full path of a resource of the given module .
replace or extend the list of charsets used to decode a request entity .
run a backtest for the given algorithm .
return a version of the string escaped for inclusion in an
gzip encoded data - > unencoded data
validates a large collection of web - accessible votable files .
return a tabular representation of tracked objects
make a tuplevariable from a tuple t of theanovariables
activate a users account from an activation key , if their key is valid and hasnt expired .
write a simple undirected graph to path in graph6 format .
renders a html link to the delete view of the given permission request .
reads help files
given an user object , get the users email .
prints general information about this report .
return a data structure of the rules in the conf file
standalone command line access point
parse ra and dec values from a coordinate string .
statement : integer newline
convert string to boolean value .
test generation of circular source labels
returns id and annotation after splitting input string .
set the maximum age of the password in days
compute the singular value decomposition of a matrix .
aux function of generalizationacrosstime .
a nose test decorator that only runs the decorated test if a module can be imported : :
compile user dictionary .
provided only as a backward - compatible wrapper around . sshconfig .
if a pkg _ cache directory is specified , then use it to populate the disk image .
provide tweaked setting dictionaries for testing
method decorator for collecting profile .
raises an exception if the systemd version is not greater than the passed version .
test reactive regular polygon attributes
recreate token from an existing token .
encode the given string for inclusion in a utf - 8 xml document .
full site list of active languages
emits an event for a change in a setting .
calculates the value of the jacobi symbol where both a and b are positive integers , and b is odd
intended for internal put calls , this method is not rate limited , authentication is not checked , pre - request events are not raised , and concurrency checking is optional .
docstring for simple _ entry _ analyze
delete the aggregate .
convert qbytearray object to str in a way compatible with python 2 / 3
disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
blocks until server at ipstring has an open port 22
creates and returns the openlabs script
given an initial lat / lng , a distance , and a bearing , this will calculate the resulting lat / lng coordinates .
display all information sysconfig detains .
report system versions .
round a datetime to the resolution of a timedelta .
listen for events based on configuration .
low - level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
process a single requirements line ; this can result in creating / yielding requirements , or updating the finder .
from otu map and otu ids , return seq ids represented by the otus
computes nonnegative integer greatest common divisor .
returns a colorized string that indicates all the penalties applied to a distance object .
disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler , while retaining the ability to re - enable sp learning in the future .
helper function to compute the input size of a convolution operation
return the basename of a sysfs key path
get a datetime object or a int ( ) epoch timestamp and return a pretty string like an hour ago , yesterday , 3 months ago , just now , etc
inside a string
compiles the firstset for the pattern .
searches for pairs of points that are at least as close as a specified distance in 3d space .
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
sort low - level factors in increasing complexity order .
set up the bitcoin sensors .
remove double newlines with whitespace in between and reduce the level of indentation
load config from a json file
handle submitting the results of an svn diff to the mission 1 .
return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
create a copy of _ _ salt _ _ dictionary with module . function and module [ function ]
return angle between vectors .
transform a key , either taken from a known _ host file or provided by the user , into a normalized form .
convert some tex math to html .
given a number returns its hexadecimal format with the specified length , adding   if necessary
decorator for : class : tvdbclient methods that require authentication
accepts up to four fmri scan parameters , and launches an experiment in one of two modes : scan , or test .
get all tags that match zero or more filters .
returns the v1 key and entity for a v1 mutation proto , if applicable .
retrieve the output of a sql query characted by character taking advantage of an blind sql injection vulnerability on the affected parameter through a bisection algorithm .
required by the check management command , this returns a list of messages from all the relevant check functions for this version of django .
return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non - overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
return schedule from number , timedelta , or actual schedule .
returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 5 higher bits
used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances .
run ironhouse example
return list of readily encoded 3 - tuples which can be directly passed to c module _ ldap
decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters .
verify a jwt against public certs .
helper function that recursively returns an information for a klass , to be used in get _ cached _ row .
get for project .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
get the process numa related info from numa _ maps .
helper to return the original , untokenized text for a given expression .
get tag info
remove the top and right spines from plot ( s ) .
custom workflow to manually create standing applications for deployments
returns client class based on given version .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
force the argument to be a unicode string , preserving none
returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance .
converts python source to html file
bind socket to bind ip : port in conf .
helper function to retrieve stage variables from pillars / options , if the input is a string
returns a tuple for an http 1 . x response line .
format a template parameter for validate template api call .
creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml .
returns build directory for desktop .
spatial independence correlation model .
for numbers 1 - 9 , returns the number spelled out .
test multiple tiers of iterators
maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset .
split a pathname .
makes a theano function that allows the evalution of a parzen windows estimator where the kernel is a normal distribution with stddev sigma and with points at mu .
extract elements from array with specified shape , axes and offsets .
execute the passed powershell command and return the output as a dictionary .
a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner
return netstat routing information for netbsd
wraps services argument inside a pyramidapplication that uses soap 1 . 1 for both input and output protocols .
set windows nic to get ip from dhcp
check state of transcripts availability .
parses flags being turned on / off .
puth the object away , whereever it came from .
prints fits header ( s ) using the traditional 80 - char format .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
factory function for a manager that subclasses superclass ( which is a
return the splunk client , cached into _ _ context _ _ for performance
return all string attributes from the domain .
execute rac commands
a fixture to get the python 3 . 5 + typing module .
validate the configuration and return an actiontec scanner .
tell worker ( s ) to stop sending task - related events .
generate a generator that input a group of example in numpy . array and their labels , return the examples and labels by the given batchsize .
returns a string representation of an object , or a string containing a traceback , if that objects _ _ repr _ _ raised an exception .
non - view helper function that validates campaign .
decorator wrapper for salt . utils . which
common setup for vera devices .
returns child elements of the given element whose tag is in a given list .
renders the account details .
generate a hex string code from a qcolor
download the 20 newsgroups data and stored it as a zipped pickle .
tests if the arrowvisual performs the required checks for the attributes
the search results page accesses this view via jquerys getjson method , and loads its results into the dom .
mean absolute error function .
check http : rules by calling to a remote server .
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
this method is registered as ofp _ error _ to _ jsondict method into ryu . ofproto . ofproto _ v1 _ * modules .
request pdp context activation section 9 . 5 . 4
index _ receivables page : displays all liabilities
scale the timedelta64 * val * from * srcty * to * destty *
a basic room
signal handler for sigusr2 , only available on unix - like systems
convert a set containing individuals into a set of unary tuples .
returns the backward identity matrix of dimensions n x n .
iterate all the keys and attributes associated with a class , without using getattr ( ) .
looks to see if mdata - put is present on the system
tests whether a string is a valid host - name , return a boolean value > > > hostnamevalid
returns true if a 404 at the given url * shouldnt * notify the site managers .
loads an energy related dataset to use with sankey and graphs
extract code from a piece of text , which contains either python code or doctests .
compute the trimmed sample standard deviation
a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object
based on the similar function in gits patch - delta . c .
detect missing values
rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client .
casts a config value into a 0 or 1
tests whitespace is accepted in special characters .
compute the value and the node partition of a minimum - cut .
retrieves all customerids in the account hierarchy .
skip if pil cant write jpegs to bytesio objects
returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t .
provide explict type promotion and coercion
parses an xml file from the ncbi entrez utilities into python objects .
override contact to tvdb indexer .
modify parameters of an xfs filesystem .
delete an existing record
convert a raw pointer to a python int .
swirl multiple images with the same arguments , randomly or non - randomly .
this will return structure of values converted to variety of types as a list of tuples : , all _ values : byte , uint16 , uint32 , uint64 , sbyte , int16 , int32 , int64 , single , double , myint , mylong , myfloat
waits for reading to be available from a list of sockets or optionally a single socket if passed in .
return true if * obj * looks like a string
copy state from a future to a concurrent . futures . future .
get the twilio options from salt .
return the given path * atoms , joined into a single url .
mark a function as public .
given a rule name describe its properties .
input from acknowledge pin
caches the challenge for the specified url .
calculates a point biserial correlation coefficient and its p - value .
return text with padding removed .
this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information
syncs a doctype to the table creates if required updates columns updates indices
defines the default arg scope for inception models .
check to see if we can set a locale without throwing an exception .
redirect preserving response messages , useful when redirecting from index ( ) controllers .
return a nodesize corresponding to a given id .
generate rsa keys for authentication .
convert a morsel object into a cookie containing the one k / v pair .
delete the specified sqlite database or if none , the one on settings . py of the app or project .
creates filename from name and extension ensuring that the final length is within the max _ length constraint .
generates a string representing a keys path .
list tenant networks .
resolves a role name from either a simple declaration or a dictionary style declaration .
zip up the log buffer and then return as a file attachment .
read a w file .
returns the average connectivity of a graph g .
find a specific instance given its id .
include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
return number of items from cart
returns the twisted global
return full path to the user - specific cache dir for this application .
create a large course , note that the number of blocks created will be load _ factor ^ 4 - e . g . load _ factor of 10 = > 10 chapters , 100 sequentials , 1000 verticals , 10000 html blocks
helper for the line and chunk iter functions .
an alternative implementation of filtfilt with gustafsson edges .
tokenize the given buffer .
start a named virtual machine
set the given properties on a list of volumes and update them .
prints keys of request . files to the response .
parse an mqtt topic owntracks / user / dev , return tuple .
make a reporter that can be used when no reporter is specified .
freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default : / var / lib / lxc . .
drop a retention policy .
recursively create directories on path d .
set up a bem for forward computation .
acquire the module - level lock for serializing access to shared data .
adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
decorator to catch the exceptions that happen in detached thread atomic tasks and display them in the logs .
set the meta of the media ( this function will not save the meta , call
mimic as _ view ( ) returned callable , but returns view instance URL
global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation .
loads the api key for google apis
plot 250 traces from bootstrap .
leaves transaction management for a running thread .
get a list of all estimators from sklearn .
delete a value from a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
only load if svn is available
run a distutils setup script , sandboxed in its directory
converts a sentence string into a list of string words , add start _ word and end _ word , see create _ vocab ( ) and tutorial _ tfrecord3 . py .
merge the load data from all returners
convert an enum domain name into an e . 164 number .
core code for a command - line application .
clean up resources in use by implementation .
perform one call to the labjack device as a raw command egetraw is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
returns * all * attribute information given the context of parents .
test the xpath tokenizer .
extract the table names from an sql statment .
convert an object to an expression .
create a new view and paste text content return the new view .
translates the old list - of - lists syntax into a tree of check objects .
relabel graph using " label " node keyword for node label .
helper function to format the stdout from the get _ coredump _ network _ config function .
setup the platform .
returns databook from xls stream .
create and initialize a astroid module node
subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance .
calculate the levenshtein edit - distance between two strings .
get the xml elements by key .
remove a defined vm , this does not purge the virtual machine image , and this only works if the vm is powered down
return sample sequence of length n from a given discrete distribution or discrete cumulative distribution .
return the public * host * of the given jupyterhub instance .
return last exit code .
compute the orthogonal projection operation for a manifold vector a .
compound statements are generally discouraged .
returns the version of the specified executable , or false if the executable is not present
consume an interator at most a single iteration per reactor iteration .
switch desired instances to standby mode . .
create a temporary directory that is cleaned up on process exit .
return true if the line has continuation markers in it .
return the random partition graph with a partition of sizes .
add a new rule to an existing security group .
submissions with same creation _ time should order by pk
destroy the service or raise if it does not exist .
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
close virtual tab if it is open
plots a pdf , pmf , or hist as a line .
this view function renders the template sent without checking that it exists .
just like get _ persistent graph , but instead of returning none raise an openfacebookexception if we cant access facebook
try passwordless login with shell ssh command .
request power state change name = default network - - request network boot hd - - boot from hard drive safe - - boot from hard drive , requesting safe mode optical - - boot from cd / dvd / bd drive setup - - boot into setup utility default - - remove any ipmi directed boot device request kwargs - api _ host = localhost - api _ user = admin - api _ pass = - api _ port = 623 - api _ kg = none
puts ( ) should print unicode input
parses a query and returns an antlr tree .
try each of the rules until one works .
create empty pd . dataframe or pd . series which has correct dtype
processes a source file through a series of source generators , stopping once a generator returns an image .
decorator which enables locks for decorated function .
check for docstring not start with space .
equivalence test based on normal distribution
get the perimeter width .
object delete handler
get all available regions for the aws directconnect service .
project source space currents to sensor space using a forward operator .
expected inclusion _ one _ default _ _ doc _ _
reverses the elements lst [ a : b ]
get gear profile for rack .
create a new tree from an index .
adds utility methods to the given model to obtain foreignkey instances via the cache .
configure the dns server list in the specified interface
parse a config . h - style file .
convert a human - friendly size to bytes .
determine if nibabel is installed .
reset color scheme to default values
create bookmark action
decorator to require * any * user or admin context .
called from the test file to get the necessary drive ( s ) ready ; return a pair of values : the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list .
given a function name and alias name , delete the alias .
returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . com
verifies that the specified ssh key is absent name
creates all folders needed to move a file to its new location , renames it , then cleans up any folders left that are now empty .
control mavproxy options
generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
set the volume of sound .
each labeled point should be a pair
get the interior overhang support angle in radians .
grant debug privileges .
join a base url and a possibly relative url to form an absolute interpretation of the latter .
builds a dictionary representing the parse tree of a sentence .
get a list of all the ip addresses for adapters on the local system .
mock the render _ to _ response function
initialise netscaler connection
match path of a step syslog , optionally filtering by * step _ id * .
check that the given service is available .
decorator to error out migration on failure .
print list of decoders with additional info
check whether the request has logged in cookies set .
format output of disassemble command with colors to highlight : - dangerous functions - branching : jmp , call , ret - testing : cmp , test
a decorator that add an etag header to the response and checks for the " if - match " and " if - not - match " headers to return an appropriate response .
registers a valid root level key for the config .
create a dictionary giving lots of interesting details about a cloud volume .
turn seed into a np . random . randomstate instance .
construct a minimal domain for the list of coefficients .
get the mac address assigned to an interface .
list all pools
wraps function arguments : if fileids not specified then function set nkjpcorpusreader paths .
convert request object to a dict .
save and update course _ key for all roles which are already created to keep course _ id same as actual passed course key
extract parameters and return them as a list of 2 - tuples .
get equated geometryoutput .
windows allow application paths to be registered in the registry .
converting products of cos and / or sin to a sum or difference of cos and or sin terms .
check if the firewall is started .
t is the testset .
check if rvm is installed .
ensure that the named tablespace is absent .
get from n - dimensional getable
validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
frobenious norm of difference between two arrays
return list with source file separated into code and text blocks .
coderange is an re which matches any character with a code | c | in the range | code1 | < = | c | < | code2 | .
expands dependencies specified as build _ file : * .
change tablespace name , owner , or options .
returns true if every formset in formsets is valid .
modify pdp context accept section 9 . 5 . 7
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
parse a list of of mapping strings into a dictionary .
takes a newegg api item object and returns a description
this function performs s _ one _ pre segmentation on a list of topics .
solve the equation a x = b for x , assuming a is a triangular matrix .
parse xfs _ estimate output .
create and return a resolver .
add a gem source .
allows to run worker without python web2py . py . . . .
verify if ovs - ofctl binary supports cmd with * * kwargs .
function _ definition : declaration _ specifiers declarator compound _ statement
check whether the item matches the text - match filter _ .
validates time formats for updated _ at , created _ at and deleted _ at .
computes the mean longitude of perigee of the earths orbit at the requested julian date .
module function to encrypt a password .
internal function for building urls with parameters .
return a db cursor for reading .
get the routes assoicated with a l { klein } application .
checks language is none or a string that matches _ language _ re .
unassigns one or more secondary private ip addresses from a network interface network _ interface _ id - id of the network interface to associate the ip with network _ interface _ name - name of the network interface to associate the ip with private _ ip _ addresses - assigns the specified ip addresses as secondary ip addresses to the network interface .
validate that value is at most maximum
add index in tabdocshare for
check the record in known _ hosts file , either by its value or by fingerprint .
append a http header x - originating - ip to bypass
return a dict describing a given traceback
return all job data from all returners
convert string to date time object
transform the set of class - agnostic boxes into class - specific boxes by applying the predicted offsets
connect acknowledge section 9 . 3 . 6
return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less .
create a fixed - effects workflow
run the data preparation steps of qiime
create a branch .
report that the given example failed .
private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server .
return block device attributes : uuid , label , etc .
discard cache entries that are out of date .
integrate f over the interval [ a , b ] , by rewriting it as a product of two g functions , or as a single g function .
disable maintenance mode
instantiate a cipher object that performs ctr encryption / decryption .
return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library
median filter a 2 - dimensional array .
hilbert transform - dominant cycle phase
charlie and the walker factory
returns the reverse complement of a dna sequence as string
set the current idle delay setting in seconds
evaluate levi - civita symbol .
set the offset by the multiplier .
this will get us the programs directory , even if we are frozen using py2exe
compute partial fraction decomposition of a rational function and return the result in structured form .
produces an output similar to nmap script ssl - cert from masscan
fetch data for blob .
return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix .
decorator that wraps the permission _ required decorator and returns a permission denied page instead of redirecting to the login url .
checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . catch _ all are of the required type and that the list contains expected number of warnings .
downloads a sina video by its unique vid .
returns a rating with translated fields attached and with fields that are easily created dynamically .
helper function to take a list of strings for registry . pol file data and update existing strings or append the strings
deletes virtual disk based on disk number
provide the number of items in a queue
get the value of a key in the git configuration file key
return true if a given module can be imported or not .
returns an ordereddict of field names to relationinfo .
given integers c , e and p with c > 0 , p > = 0 , compute an integer approximation to 10 * * p * log10 , with an absolute error of at most 1 .
returns all system managers user details
checks to see if the specific site symlink is in / etc / apache2 / sites - enabled .
handles the problem _ weighted _ score _ changed signal by enqueueing a subsection update operation to occur asynchronously .
return true if mode is from a character special device file .
computes discriminant of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
track states and offer events for covers .
extracts the authsub token from an http body string .
clone the cap _ alert
seems to be some inconsistencies re .
returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence .
called at the end of the projects settings module , and is passed its globals dict for updating with some final tweaks for settings that generally arent specified , but can be given some better defaults based on other settings that have been specified .
search the environment for the relative path
empty a list
flush email queue , every time : called from scheduler
runs the designated module in the _ _ main _ _ namespace
simple wrapper to get the current process id and store it in a shared object so we can kill the process if needed .
recursively denest iterable containers .
returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port .
upload a certificate to amazon .
main function for moving around and adjusting analytics gotten from keen and sending them back to keen .
raise exception according to unrar exit code
a backend to generate standalone mathtext images .
return normalized cumulative distribution from discrete distribution .
gets all client _ ids for a given list of hostnames or fqdns .
create the directory using the permissions of the nearest parent directory .
names should be stripped of whitespace by default .
get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . .
standard deviation of a random expression
decodes an encoded varint to an integer and returns it .
expression of the dual gap convergence criterion
returns the sentence polarity between - 1 . 0 and 1 . 0 .
docstring for plot _ simple _ entry
add pillars output to negatives .
given a package , return the path to packages stored on this machine and also returns the path to this particular package .
change process privileges to new user / group .
decorator that pops all accepted parameters from methods kwargs and puts them in the params argument .
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
get a random user
automatic uninstall - before - upgrade from url .
return a url to the users avatar .
get all base dirs where the given theme can be found .
testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to avoid duplicating the same snippet
compute split penalties on tokens in the given parse tree .
converts elapsed time in milliseconds to format hh : mm : ss . mil .
read multiple files into a list of residue dictionaries .
get product price / stock info
get equated paths .
create a metadata class from a parser .
returns the outer product of two vectors .
wait until the element has appeared
given an origin which matches a base uri determine if a valid origin is present in the project settings .
check for functions to route in obj and route them .
rename a schema field from old to new .
checks to make sure the given row exists .
parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
return the path of pyconfig . h .
extracts the chapters from a course structure .
return a list of raw samples .
location updating request section 9 . 2 . 15
restful controller to allow creating / editing of emergency contact records within contacts ( )
coil a gcode linear move file .
parses the declaration in c _ decl and returns a text explanation as a string .
helper method for getting the current evennia version .
decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
validate text as a pep 508 environment marker ; return an exception if invalid or false otherwise .
parses a query string into a dict .
list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user .
decode an ftp response specifying a host and port .
ensure that config files used by utility code are not the same as those used by the main calibre gui
returns two - tuple of if authentication succeeds , or none otherwise .
return the disks of a named vm
makes the welcome _ properties dict given web _ xml and the static files .
return true if backup exists and no _ dupes is set
expand shell variables of the forms $ var , $ { var } and % var % .
convert from centimeters to pixels
principal component analysis
parses the cookie set by the official facebook javascript sdk .
returns the area under the curve for the given list of - points .
calculate md5sum of the file .
extract subjectpublickeyinfo from a der x . 509 certificate .
only load if qemu - img is installed
checks whether user can view repository status .
teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
get running jump point inside loop .
calculates an appropriate number of threads for creating this database
replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer .
return the version as a tuple for easy comparison .
remove the directory from the system path
helper function for prefetch _ related functionality
ensures that the named dns record is absent .
secret key generator .
decodes document from prospective _ search result post request .
read the header of the iterable ofile .
display a datalist of the latest records for a resource
calculate hashes and create torrent files info part
get friends from skype database
asserts the specified output contains text matching the regular expression specified by the argument expression .
update a servers attributes
returns a list containing all global site - packages directories .
translate methods return value for stripping off success flag .
compute features for an image
add vector3 to xml element .
version tuple as string
duck typing to check if file _ to _ test is a file object
skips the wrapped test when the temporary directory is on a filesystem with broken permissions .
load application from a given file .
returns a group list page .
merge query results arrays into one array .
creates the provided views on all resources of the provided dataset
add positive cylinder at x and y .
this will batch rename a group of files in a given directory , once you pass the current and new extensions
inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed
get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
look for uses of nova . policy . _ enforcer . enforce ( )
set static dns configuration on a windows nic
extract x from the bcpy scratch space .
highway convolution 1d .
penn treebank dataset is used in many language modeling papers , including " empirical evaluation and combination of advanced language
counting the number of lines from the filename file
open | path | for writing , creating directories if necessary .
return the python path
parse a url into 5 components :
write a - trans . fif file .
compares the given timezone name with the system timezone name .
save an image to disk .
a decorator that maps a project _ slug url param into a project .
convert from scale - independent pixels to pixels
returns a list containing the entries in the provided directory .
set the worker to stopped state in the lbn load balancer
hex decoding method .
initialize the inotify library
wrapper for colorize
copy data from the source volume to the destination volume .
enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes .
extract messages from mako templates .
check the shape of the array and convert it to floating point representation .
create a quota usage for the given project and resource .
flatten a dict
find and return z - wave switches .
some platforms put things in lib64 / pythonx . y instead of lib / pythonx . y .
completion for " completer "
only load if a2enmod is available .
we retry the open graph shares for a user when he gets a new access token
performer for : class : sequence .
typesets mutliple strings on multiple lines of text , where each string may have its own formatting .
return true if text is a sort - of - like a host domain name .
test adding html str to mne report .
variation of kahns algorithm that returns sets .
create a buffer to be passed to a read function .
check the sum of solid angles as seen from inside .
copies local tarball of repo to remote
load and return the entire translations dictionary for a language from : meth : frape . cache
initialisation of the patchviewer with given rows and columns .
put the data into format useable by the model
mask generation function , described in b . 2 . 1
validate the list of service definitions .
ecitmatch retrieves pmids - citation linking
on - disk method to show currently installed languages and meta data .
collects any leftover uncollected logs from the client .
return the rank of a matrix x based on its generalized inverse , not the svd .
returns the local plugins
increase image to size .
a really simple view to provide an endpoint for the person url .
create an error message for a failure to match the given types .
same behavior as sorted _ list _ difference but for lists of unorderable items .
dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume .
write a simple table with common types .
pool for multiprocess only accepts functions with one argument .
find a user id from a string containing a user name or id .
check if user exists in group .
splits args on whitespace , but intelligently reassembles those that may have been split over a jinja2 block or quotes .
free an elastic ip address .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
get the windows computer name
decorator for messageprocessor methods to make them asynchronous .
test creating working copy from a remote source .
a pickleable top - level function to wrap a simpleresthandler .
returns a class object that is a copy of " model " with the specified " attrs " being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
creates a tarball to use for building the system elsewhere
generate an api file .
get a redis client .
split ifnodes in two nodes , the first node is the header node , the second one is only composed of the jump condition .
extract the cookies from the response into a cookiejar .
get the inset loops , which might overlap .
if we are index sliceable , then return my slicer , otherwise return none
extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission .
convert a color in h , s , l to a color in r , g , b
set whether or not the computer will wake from sleep when modem activity is detected .
perform automatic differentiation variational inference .
transform matrices corresponding to a stationary process to matrices with singular values less than one .
replace links to files in the container .
utility function which is used by console to extract the string to be suggested as autocompletion .
an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in / etc / init / [ name ] . override .
set the time period for the maintenance notice to be displayed .
get json describing file differences in layer
estimate 2d geometric transformation parameters .
find an appropriate step size using backtracking line search .
remove an iis virtual directory .
starts a subprocess like subprocess . popen , but is threadsafe .
setup the platform .
create sample quota , quotausage and reservation objects .
get the cubic point .
given text in " news " format , strip the headers , by removing everything before the first blank line .
come up with a unique name for * path * .
check the version of active minions
build a huffman tree from a list of lengths .
return a dictionary representation of a registered user .
helper for remove _ tree ( ) .
split an index entry into a given number of parts at semicolons .
parses names from list of certificate hashes .
get the number of args for a method .
only load if libcloud libraries exist .
remove data from temporary storage
do a great job of assigning data to servers using a hash value .
helper function to convert various volume id types to internal id .
remove a directory on the build / celery server .
use ssh to retrieve the network device running configuration .
creates a client for working with cloud databases .
remove cron environment variable for a specified user .
colorize an address
returns true if header check passes .
run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
decodes a oack packet .
testing the boundary of unions is a hard problem
checks value for minimum length using len ( ) .
returns the sqlalchemy type of the field .
decorator to expose flasks pluggable view classes .
takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list .
parses given lines from airodump - ng csv file .
delete the service .
masks sensitive data in the supplied message
encode form fields for multipart / form - data .
sets a key = value pair in the metadata for an image
a version of numpy . allclose that returns the indices where the two arrays differ , instead of just a boolean value .
computes the skewness of a data set .
package purges are not supported , this function is identical to remove ( ) .
receives integer n , returns string representation of n with commas in thousands place .
gets the feed mapping for a given feed .
returns s with all non - alphanumeric characters replaced with *
return sha256 digest of the string s .
determine distance between 2 sets of [ lat , lon ] in km
check that the value is a list of booleans .
test freezing a git clone .
perform an soa record lookup .
automates delegation of _ _ specials _ _ for a proxying type .
disable a beacon .
finding out all the running instances of zookeeper - using netstat , finds out all listening java processes .
return max absolute difference between two arrays
convenience function for tokenizing text into words .
returns an integer determining the documents rank in search .
read messages from a gettext po file from the given file - like object and return a catalog .
return the contents of a text file as a byte string .
get response for one media file
decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception .
destroy the snapshot or raise if it does not exist .
add an epytext @ field to a given objects docstring .
helper to attach a representation method to a field . method .
a generator that groups all items by a key .
determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
encode a multipart request body into a string
solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex
a regular 9x9 sudoku puzzle .
create or update volume type extra specs .
fail unless the supplied actual dict contains all the items in expected .
handle different formats that pep2html . py outputs
sets a due date extension .
returns the lambda function alias if it exists .
ensure requested flavor service type plugin is loaded .
decorate a function describing a cached query made up of others .
extract voxel neighbourhood
collect some data : number of open shards , key range , etc .
select the best path based on origin attribute .
if you already have a valid token and either a tenant id or name , you can call this to configure the identity and available services .
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei ( x ) .
return whether a transaction is currently active .
get the xbps version
compute shortest paths and lengths in a weighted graph g .
restore ext2 on the drives in disk _ list if restore is true ; when disk _ list is none , we do nothing .
check the status of a gluster volume .
returns whether a log is followed or not .
update a list
returns a clientdeployinfoexternal from a deploy _ info . yaml file or string .
wrap render _ function so it knows the functions allowed .
computes and returns a valid etag for the input value .
helper function to get data over http or from a local file
silent wrapper that doesnt do anything ; can be used for tests
check if the git version is 2 . 5 . 0 or later
return human sorted list of strings .
human - friendly os name
absolute price oscillator
create the specified dns domain .
update the specified app with the given configuration .
convert list to string .
it will download english - to - french translation data from the wmt15
execute a test suite .
return a string uuid .
decorator factory to apply update _ wrapper ( ) to a wrapper function
returns true if expr is an expression that contains a kroneckerdelta that is simple in the index index , meaning that this kroneckerdelta is nonzero for a single value of the index index .
grabs the service name and the operation name from an event name .
implements the one - fifth rule algorithm as expressed in :
adds ops for an lstm layer .
canonicalize path by removing leading slashes and conditionally removing trailing slashes .
helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
compute spherical bessel function yn ( z ) and derivative .
makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale
generate a new message instance from this descriptor and a byte string .
return a * m * x * n * sparse matrix with * frac * elements randomly filled .
get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area .
delete the perspective search storage file at the given path .
obtain name of current system user , which will be default connection user .
cleanup a mode value .
returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated .
parse hash paths from old setup / bootstrap options .
logs out the user and displays you are logged out message .
decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with " $ nickname : command " .
item version based on hashlib . sha1 algorithm
parse the command line for options
called on process exit to remove a temp directory .
creates all system users , including uploading any photos they should own .
return true if line ends with .
test if n is a prime number or not .
view function which handles a registration request .
get a list of options for enabling necessary yum repositories .
print summary of junitxml results to stdout .
check that a node from an ( x ) html document passes the sniff test
rounds the given datetime object upwards .
parse the firewall line
executes and returns data from the core reporting api .
helper function to read the pickled metadata from an object file .
return a threadsafe counter function .
send email with reset password hash
returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email , or an identicon generated from the email if the gravatar doesnt exist .
returns the sum along the diagonals of an array .
move a path from a storage to a path on a different storage , by copying and then deleting the source .
landing page needs plotting context in order to generate the navbar
update attribute ( s ) of a specific endpoint .
returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones
compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition .
helper decorator to register a check function .
properly merges both requests and session hooks .
adds an html non - breaking space between the final two words of the string to avoid " widowed " words .
return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed .
track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page , so we know which value to use .
make sure exception is pickleable .
initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack .
return iterator in which the signs of non - zero elements of t are permuted .
arranges entity / entity group access counts by their kind .
returns at most length randomly - generated letters and / or whitespace .
performs a fisher exact test on a 2x2 contingency table .
return a list of project names .
add a list of acls as a batch .
any ( s ) is an re which matches any character in the string | s | .
insert text listings into the given document from files in the given directory based on c { listing } nodes .
presents the user with prompt which the user must answer yes or no .
clears compatversion cache if new version created .
pre - allocate disk space for a file .
fork off as a daemon
calculates the cumulative distribution function of the normal distribution .
returns input wrapped in html tags
reverse the above mapping , adding both the numerical keys used above and the corresponding string keys also used by python logging .
authentication and ciphering request section 9 . 4 . 9
the restful handler for video uploads .
elementwise summation with broadcasting .
this function tests for an union sql injection on the target
ping externals urls when an entry is saved .
n - dimensionally spatial max pooling function .
replace v4 endings with v6 equivalents .
download a web page as a string .
parse the html , returning a single element / document .
adds key and value as a command line parameter to params .
splits a piece of text into paragraphs , separated by empty lines .
determine whether a target is out of date .
get user access
decorator factory for authorization wrappers .
if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix
print a nice astroid tree representation .
return all members of an object as pairs sorted by name .
decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on .
update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath
iterate over the strings inside list items or dictionary values , substitutes movie titles and person names with the references .
craetes a dataset in a given project .
setup the ted5000 sensor .
a list for the games matching the year / week / kind parameters .
uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text .
create a proxy that connects to a specific host , but does absolutely no other filtering , including the host header .
produces a nn initialization dict .
return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format .
optimizes a png image by running it through pngcrush .
convert an ipv4 address in text form to network form .
recursively remove a file or dir by pattern .
verifies the checksum of a given buffer using the traditional u3 / ue9 command structure .
create a new branch with the given name and check it out .
restful crud controller
ajax preview of posts .
sets a cookie .
try to turn a string into a number of bytes .
extract sort _ key and sort _ dir from request .
split argument string into usable python arguments argstr : argument string with format fn , arg2 , kw1 = arg3 . . .
given a url , try to get its translated version in the lang _ code language .
load all the syntax files .
delete a blob from a container
get the edithandler to use in the wagtail admin when editing this page type .
solves the discrete - time algebraic riccati equation
update resource field in quota _ usages .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix .
safely get oslo config opts from tempest , using old and new names .
find the node that has an op of of type cls in v .
check if all brackets closed properly
generates secret key for a request in rss format
given the data chunk from a dcc query , return a descriptive string .
return a string of size random bytes .
like : meth : url _ encode but writes the results to a stream object .
reads the entire contents of the file whose path is given as parts .
returns local or remote url for an object
truncates html to a certain number of words .
return true if we appear to be running under fakeroot .
return a list of all directories on the master
sets the rate limiting behavior of the module .
constructs an event object from a google event resource .
start downloading the current page and all assets to an mhtml file .
divide a list of nodes l in n chunks
restful crud controller for gps waypoints
return a boolean indicating whether given index template exists
get the milling craft sequence .
return a list project names for which the source is reporting data .
creates an appropriate empty response for the type that is expected , based on the service models shape type .
find tasks by filtering them and move the tasks to a new queue .
factorize an input values into categories and codes .
parses a numeric escape sequence .
check if correct python version is run .
finalize a file .
ensures that the context passed in is not in a transaction .
sets a value on the configuration file
check for vi editor configuration in source files .
plots a line given an intercept and slope .
construct percentiles for a chunk for repartitioning .
decorator allowing the use of templated docstrings .
modules _ list contains all the sem compliant tools that should have wrappers created for them .
average directional movement index
returns the path to the sysv service manager
find a node whose parent is a standalone line node .
read from file descriptor , calling callback with resulting data .
check if the gzipped files should overwrite the originals .
runs the generators and returns the context object
find skipped tests
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string
given a string representing a socket , returns a tuple of .
create a new figure manager instance
computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 kdd cup .
wrap a request inside a deferred .
checks if a user has fully registered .
generates a cookie signature .
post the given result to the given server .
shifted chebyshev polynomial of the first kind .
returns ljung - box q statistic x : array - like
gets the last - modified field from the http header associated with the file pointed to by the url .
applies the linear operator to the arguments .
return true if the application can read the specified gs _ handle .
deterministically convert ip to uuid .
return a network list available for the tenant .
returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory , else return false .
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
unused - done in xslt
a single run of k - means , assumes preparation completed prior .
remove a database role .
adds a new sequencer to the sequencer table along with its form values .
parses a member in a character set .
get a style setting .
return path of current site .
symbolically link a theme
get the status for a given instructortask entry .
get a static _ url link with a cache buster querystring .
convert unicode text into a name object .
return the first configured instance .
evaluate all derivatives of a b - spline .
write source spaces to a file .
test various iterable objects with multiple incomplete iterations
fan and gijbels example function 2
check if a domain is equal to or a subdomain of a base domain .
add all staff and admin of master course to respective ccx ( s ) .
return all indices in string s where substring sub is found , such that sub is contained in the slice s [ start : end ] .
create a retention policy .
execute the lemke - howson algorithm with the heuristics proposed by
return the directory containing the python library .
fetches a list of all configured vpn services for a tenant
return the version of the current linux distribution as a tuple with items as follows : major : the result of : func : distro . major _ version .
read the source spaces from a fif file .
use nd convolution to merge inputs , then use lfilter to produce output arguments for column variables return currently 1d
zeromq python bindings > = 2 . 1 . 9 are required
this function is not needed outside this utils module .
get the current mongodb client from the pool .
slice an iterator and return a list of lists containing those items .
internal helper to check a list of indexed fields .
update an instance info cache record in the table .
return a signed url for the client to use for websockets .
inserts a new tab at the given number .
enable this bluetooth device to be discoverable .
moves the thread to the trash
download data from a url , returning a bytesio containing the loaded data .
return a wsgi application serving the root object
apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements .
this only supports windows
example of a canvas page .
compatibility helper function to allow copy . deepcopy copy bound methods which is broken on python 2 . 6 , due to the following bug : URL
create a technical 404 error response .
backend checking if the comment posted is long enough to be public .
get the current movie time .
check whether s _ indices and a _ indices are sorted in lexicographic order .
if | target _ dicts | contains any ios targets , automatically create - iphoneos targets for ios device builds .
string manipulation garbage
load data from the fixture
return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
only load if alternatives execution module is available .
reindex a pandas dataframe so that it becomes square , meaning that the row and column indices contain the same values , in the same order .
add simplified path to fill .
tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune _ interval :
a helper method to get or create a backend with thread locking .
a decorator to handle optional asides param
parses the limited subset of iso8601 - formatted time _ strings as returned by : meth : datetime . datetime . isoformat .
we get here from / queues
compare two parsed json objects , given non - ordering in json objects
prepares context to be rendered for ajax
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
takes a length of time in seconds and returns a string describing that length of time .
print a message out and log it to file .
converts a tuple to # rrggbb .
create and install loggers
parse up the user input and run whatever commands are needed .
returns the selected language catalog as a javascript library .
executes a blend crossover on both , the individual and the strategy .
if we have det ( x ) and there is already an l = cholesky ( x ) floating around , then we can use prod ( diag ( l ) ) to get the determinant .
combine the elements of a tuple as returned by urlsplit ( ) into a complete url as a string .
checks if an email address is syntactically correct .
set a config key with specific value
update all affiliations related to the hr records of a person
test configuration and exit
format a color to its short size
returns a list of information about all db sequences for all models in all apps
displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps .
reads the next mpint from the data .
creates a new api stage for a given restapiid and deploymentid .
get the app id from the remote server .
decompress packbits encoded byte string .
make a two - dimensional clone map mapping columns to clone master .
wait for a certain status from linode .
perform sampling of the operation .
a helper function that returns the oauth2 url for inviting the bot into servers .
watch salts event bus and block until the given tag is matched . .
returns true if s is string or string - like object , compatible with python 2 and python 3 .
detection based on response code and response body length
return the version of salt
returns an http 400 error page
verify that the username has all the authorized _ labels set .
normalize the encoding name - - where " normalized " is what
return safety filter and db opts for regex .
convert binary to hexadecimal
test guessing a file object .
renders a response to display the user profile page .
helper function for pretty - printing an annotated sentence from a full - text document .
returns the soap server accessor to deal with application and users .
get diagnostic info about background jobs
get the systems filesystem encoding .
makes sure that the host exists .
uniform distribution with the given stdev and size
converts a function decorator into a method decorator
get clockwise path with overhangs carved out .
returns the total weight of a branching .
restful crud controller
get a height x width size that will fit n _ tiles tiles .
add pointers to a node .
shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server
atomically destroy the static file cache for a certain path .
tools for interacting with the time series database .
return the contents of the global network script .
prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
get the facebook notification service .
check whether a phone number string is a possible number .
start a bash shell and return a : class : replwrapper object .
specialized cython take which sets nan values in one pass
paging request type 2 section 9 . 1 . 23
ensure policy is attached to the given principal .
cache prevents preprocessing binary files again and again .
handler for qute : gpl .
return the first configured instance .
return the planted l - partition graph .
try to compile and run a simple c snippet using current flags .
return a titlecased version of the value .
used to parse emerge output to provide meaningful output when emerge fails
restart this script using the interpreter in the given virtual environment
unpublicizes an exploration .
deeply two dictionaries , overriding existing keys in the base .
get connected paths from paths .
require conda to be installed .
error : name
do all of the default monkey patching .
delete an amazon kinesis stream .
fake version of locale . setlocale that only supports the default .
convert a dns rdata type to text .
get a group snapshot or raise if it does not exist .
test cluster level permutations with connectivity matrix .
convert pil image to four numeric array objects .
print the sizes of the release files
function : func : neibs2images performs the inverse operation of
return the smallest prime larger than the starting value .
data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate .
shell out and call the specified esxcli commmand , parse the result and return something sane .
handle a @ qtwebengine _ * / @ qtwebkit _ skip tag .
assign a _ creation _ order sequence to the given instance .
parse basic authentication over http
get a boto connection to sqs .
function takes vc . uuid from the vmx file and the instance uuid from the inventory vm and looks for match if no match is found it is printed out .
formats the median hovertext for a violin plot .
converts an add / mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation
return a boolean if the expression matches with re . match .
return the id of the keyname
one iteration of the beyer - hedetniemi algorithm .
read transaction information from stored file .
cleanup configuration attributes .
return true if the named service is enabled at boot and the provided flags match the configured ones .
get new complex if the original complex is none .
cochrans q test for identical effect of k treatments
render an opensearch plugin .
return the number of logical cpus in the system .
convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name
update the value of a records field in a servicenow table
normalizes a given host string , returning explicit host , user , port .
return a list of meters by source .
centralized error handling for horizon .
wait until the emulator is ready to use .
formats a header
replaces the image template contents .
take a xapi dict , and make the keys the value of recs [ ref ] [ key ] .
goes through all known type validators
test io for stc files using hdf5
context manager for using style settings temporarily .
sets name by the naming _ series property
compute univariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights
saves an object to the file in npz format .
pivot to the labels shape
reload the configuration from environment variables , if necessary .
operation to perform when proj boxes clicked .
negate real number * val * , with proper handling of zeros .
get path from prefix and xml element .
add project - specific information to test - run environment : behave . version
set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration .
separate top - level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
human resources controller , defined in the model for use from multiple controllers for unified menus - used for summary & profile views , imports and s3addpersonwidget2
return an ascii - only json representation of a python string
load a file that was dumped to a zip file .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . deploy .
tower a gcode linear move text .
return a report on all actively running jobs from a job id centric perspective
get average radius from radiuscomplex .
helper function that takes a list of byte strings and decodes each item according to the _ _ salt _ system _ encoding _ _ value .
returns all tests based on its job idx
the mod _ aggregate function which looks up all rules in the available low chunks and merges them into a single rules ref in the present low data
get symbology for a character
maps itemsiterator via given function .
shorthand helper function for comparing sha1s .
helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type
called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types .
polygamma function n .
checks if a jedi object sits inside a try / catch and doesnt count as an error .
makes a new git repo if it does not already exist
mute warnings that are like warning : nonlocal image uri found : URL
convert 32 - bit integer to dotted ipv4 address .
section information for the certificates panel .
receives the input given by the user from create _ payload . py and create _ payloads . py
add a secgroup to nova
api method to create an entrance exam .
subscribe to incoming zigbee frames .
escapes the given string with [ c ] pattern .
calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of a gaussian beam .
retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
the normal state
prepares logging for the program
object type comparisons should always use isinstance ( ) .
sends a vpn negotiation packet and returns the server session .
skill types controller
for convenience a get - like method for taking the int ( ) of a string .
get split words for evaluators .
finds the dimensions of a sliced expression .
find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
return message ids of translateable strings in js source .
deletes a server certificate .
convert incs list to string [ thirdparty , include ] - > - i thirdparty - i include
returns the pid for prior dnsmasq instance for a bridge / device .
helper method to determine which parameters to ignore for actions
if attribute is nominal , returns a list of the values
return information about a single issue in a named repository .
this returns the course info module for a given section _ key .
deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user .
a background job that fails .
install the latest version of setuptools _ .
scheduled task to collect error snapshots from files and push into error snapshot table
compute a univariate kernel density estimate using statsmodels .
list all available roles
opens an editor with some text in it .
encode dictionary for python 2
used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql - server
place an order by specified number of lots .
use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval .
a function to get page _ faults per second from the system
read epochs from a fif file .
returns a list of cycles which form a basis for cycles of g .
check whether provided logical volume exists .
creates a logger for the given application .
get pull request info by number
download transcripts from youtube and save them to assets .
splits the given text at newline .
set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
return the optimal histogram bin width using scotts rule
get all available regions for the amazon elastic mapreduce service .
simple function to offset spines away from axes .
resolve a package name from a line containing the hold expression .
get the output volume
returns a boolean indicating whether unit _ 1 is larger than unit _ 2 .
launch dhcp server
send notification with order invoice link after purchase
return threshold value based on minimum method .
get the ip addresses of the slave nodes .
test user api key to use for functional tests .
invoked by configuring a [ hook ] entry in . hg / hgrc .
update global state when a task has been accepted .
this method is similar to the builtin unicode , except that it may try multiple encodings to find one that works for decoding value , and defaults to utf - 8 first .
generates and saves random secret key
gives the display value for a given path , making it relative to cwd if possible .
a factory for generating contact commands
return a decorator that marks a property as deprecated .
constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
execute a single command and check the returns
generate lowering listing to path or to stdout .
function used to render rekall _ eprocess objects .
calculates a spearman rank - order correlation coefficient and the p - value to test for non - correlation .
gets the search rank of a given collection .
returns a list of dictionaries with the folders contained at the given path
returns the / 48 6to4 prefix associated with provided ipv4 address
serialize a representation tree into a yaml stream .
helper method to group list of dict to dict with all possible values
bind a blaze expression to resources .
return the type with the other byte order .
retrieves information for the given security group .
produce complex - valued eigenvectors from lapack dggev real - valued output
check if the given module is loaded .
sort a list of app , modellist pairs into a single list of models .
introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters .
validates that value is an integer or string .
gets the track distance calculated by all loaded plugins .
a complex command line interface .
compute the squared loss for regression .
data - > unmarshalled data , method name
a clone of the python os . walk function with some checks for recursive symlinks .
decorator to easily mock a ckan action in the context of a test function
creates a postgres schema .
limit e ( x ) for x - > oo
skip n bytes
similar to pythons built in dictionary [ key ] = value , but takes a list of nested keys instead of a single key .
remove search options that are not valid for non - admin api / context .
delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if * all .
save a list of pk as a list of sample categories for a shop
expands links to dimensions .
cressie - read power divergence statistic and goodness of fit test .
turns a sequence iterator or list into a dictionary .
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
search scan by md5 route
returns dict of evaluated role permissions like { " read " : true , " write " : false }
automatically find / download setuptools and make it available on sys . path version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
compare two strings and return true if theyre the same notwithstanding any whitespace or case .
returns server information for use in the api .
return a new dictionary that is built from copying select keys from d
take the value passed , and merge the current setting over it .
returns a tree representation of " node " as a string .
listen on a port corresponding to a description
builds a dependency graph that shows relationships between roles and playbooks .
return an html page , containing a pretty error response .
return a polynomial of degree n with coefficients in [ a , b ] .
convert an ansible dict of filters to list of dicts that boto3 can use
renyis generalized entropy
replace a get parameter in an url
return the libvlc version in hex or 0 if unavailable .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
determine the date string for the newest timestamp to filter by .
test megsim url handling
return the correct pillar driver based on the file _ client option
converts an selinux file context from a dict to a string .
provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address .
return data in adjacency format that is suitable for json serialization and use in javascript documents .
decorator that checks the cupy result is less than numpy result .
returns a rng object .
wrap the algo , to stop execution after it has used all its allocated time
assemble output string for optimal arg sandbox scripts .
given some plot _ options as part of a plot call , decide on final options .
if no password is specified on the command line , prompt for it
get the mail notification service .
copy data from file - like object fsrc to file - like object fdst
writes data retrieved from a url to a file .
chaikin a / d line
this function escapes the command so that can be passed in the command line to jboss cli .
build the executable according to the created spec file .
return ceil without performing any floating - point or division operations .
add the x intersections for a loop into a table .
translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string , using the same rules as the ms c runtime : 1 ) arguments are delimited by white space , which is either a space or a tab .
checks if two urls are same - origin
getoutput should work in a cli environment on mac osx , linux , and windows
kegg get - data retrieval .
gets key and child type and returns a column that points to the primary key of the child .
since iteration tables dont have any real primary key , we " fake " one in the
load every descriptor in course .
use the same file for rules for now .
extract the rnn embeddings from the model
the main purpose of this function is to send fake neighbor solicitations messages to a victim , in order to either create a new entry in its neighbor cache or update an existing one .
print access information about the given flavor .
submit jobs in filenames .
custom method to provide the details for the persons contacts tab : - provides a single view on :
using multiple dot products
yield a writeable temporary filename that is deleted on context exit .
return a cipher object pkcs115 _ cipher that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 encryption or decryption .
return detailed list of active servers
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
return push service .
close all open html tags at the end of the string
given an n - d array x and the specification of a slice of x from window _ start to window _ stop along axis , create an interpolating polynomial of each 1 - d slice , and evaluate that polynomial in the slice from interp _ start to interp _ stop .
encrypts and endcodes data using key
test if inputs get modified correctly .
set the stylesheet for an object based on its stylesheet attribute .
returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
loads a module and returns a specific object .
image members resource factory method
returns the stem of the given word : ponies = > poni .
new code should always use ! = instead of < > .
assign up to 5 regions to resource
link src to dest , overwriting it if it exists
some ipython tests with fully random output .
send a message to a hipchat room .
compute frequency response of analog filter .
register a mimetypehandler class .
read a mailcap file and return a dictionary keyed by mime type .
context manager for assumptions
a view that redirects all requests to a redirection view
crop an image into center , corners , and mirror images .
parse missing _ check line parts to determine which parts of local diskfile were wanted by the receiver .
read headers from the given stream into the given header dict .
retrun export if found .
the moderation queue .
restful crud controller
function for setting correct contour levels .
separate top - level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
return a dict of information about a change to the branch .
return deb _ packages information from osquery
sets media descriptors user _ data .
return a generator of lists of edges , one list for each biconnected component of the input graph .
this function sets the threshold for the logging system and , if desired , directs the messages to a logfile .
creates a private key in pem format .
creates a performance counter which tracks some rate at which a value accumulates over the course of the program .
send an e - mail to administrators for newly registered users .
filters all flowgrams in handle with filter .
alignment iterator for the fasta tools pairwise alignment output .
parses a single log entry emitted by app _ logging . applogshandler .
removes arrays and replaces them with array _ lvals returns new code and replacement dict
plots decision boundary for knn
return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file
return the first configured instance .
get the first element from an iterable or raise a valueerror if the iterator generates no values .
cdh4 has a slightly different syntax for interacting with hdfs via the command line .
read hitachi driver specific xml config file .
return true if the image is visible in this context .
secure helper to read file as root .
replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
create a splunk search
returns main product image
return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [ 0 , 1 ) .
return true if the object is mutable in this context .
return a datastore blob property containing the base64 decoded value .
return whether we are running in a frozen environment
extract resource and action from api operation
return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin _ env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv .
parse a single * query part * , which is a chunk of a complete query string representing a single criterion .
create a comparator to represent the dependence of nodes in a graph .
converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type .
determine the best disk bus to use for a device type .
returns the os version .
testing unboxed values
solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u _ 1 = frac { text { } } { text { } } .
creates the livestreamer session .
objects that wraps function should provide a " _ _ numba _ _ " magic attribute that contains a name of an attribute that contains the actual python function object .
skips this test unless you are on python2 . 6 . x or earlier .
connect container to network .
publish - marketplace badges .
convert : py : class : bytes or : py : class : unicode to the native
view package state from the dpkg database .
return list item number , or default if dont exist
quote attributes for pseudo - xml
returns true if var is always equal to val .
generates a cross - shaped structuring element .
returns a list of tuples in format binary _ tuples the binary - encoded feedback tuples
return a key that can be used for sorting .
makes sure the parameter passed in is a distance object .
true if the port is any of the ports used to realize a trunk .
compute connectivity from distances in a source space .
returns a tuple containing the http status code and error message , based on the passed exception info .
get a square loop from the beginning to the end and back .
distance transform function by a brute force algorithm .
push a copy to the pydata dev directory
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
this is the future version of firstof with auto - escaping .
returns the full filename for a profile image , given the name and size .
get the login class of the user . .
check precision when jd1 is negative .
idc edit view
return a splitter function suitable for a given set of data .
calculate the hash of filename .
if the " algorithm " directives value is " md5 - sess " , then a1 [ the session key ] is calculated only once - on the first request by the client following receipt of a www - authenticate challenge from the server .
internal shared implementation to handle both error and warning validation checks .
returns the linear interpolation between a and b at time t between 0 . 0 - 1 . 0 .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . deploy .
change value of homematic system variable .
get the spec file and place it in build area
return the protocol from the received tool _ shed _ url if it exists .
marks a task as done .
update a relationship between two datasets .
parses the string and looks for the following kwarg format : " { argument name } = { argument value } "
restful crud controller
filters incoming uri against a list of regexes
parse the 3rd msg in ntlm handshake
search for the package by name .
returns the max - age from the response cache - control header as an integer ( or none if it wasnt found or wasnt an integer .
create an operation map from a list of opmapentry objects .
argument is a geometry , return type is an integer .
get the sqlite3 options from salt .
images resource factory method .
special quoting rule for placing domain names on a url line .
cache key for mezzanines cache middleware .
compute image compression rate .
returns induced subgraph of neighbors centered at node n within a given radius .
delete an existing pool member .
this function implements the commit _ on _ success ( ) api that was available till django 1 . 5 .
shadow of the nose builtin which presents easier to read multiline output .
set a qutebrowser setting .
copy state of python random * r * to numba state * ptr * .
parses the http response body and returns an oauth token .
remux audio file .
gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
update nested dict with new values .
cast value to float or int , if possible
helper method for all signature validator tests to get an lticonsumer object .
check whether pid exists in the current process table .
get the command line notification service .
get public certificates .
convert string to list .
build and load a : class : pyalgotrade . barfeed . yahoofeed . feed using csv files downloaded from yahoo ! finance .
context for use in testing to catch known warnings matching regexes
return a new decorated function that propagates the exceptions of the wrapped function to an async _ result .
try to get a new nzb if available
get the documentation file path .
remove pootleprofile _ id column from accounts _ user _ alt _ src _ langs
remove comments in powershell script
setup hikvision camera .
returns true if harvard annotation tool is enabled for the course ,
extract labels and seqs from file
upload a mission from a file .
write interactive piechart data : [ fraction : label , . . . ] trunc _ len : truncates labels after this many chars
test whether a path is a mount point .
get vlm _ media instance title number by name or instance id .
merge the entries of two trees .
get a specific item by name out of the results dict .
parse the content of a wordpress post or page and separate qtranslate languages .
get item from value .
modified weiszfeld step .
translates all translatable elements of the given exception .
generate a random uuid hex string
returns change status of command
get the sysfs path based on the pci address of the device .
generic reader of line files .
get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file .
add to threads from the last location from loop .
used to format an error message which differs slightly in 4 places .
register the reporter classes with the linter .
returns context _ lines before and after lineno from file .
script to deprecate any repositories that are older than n days , and have been empty since creation .
return the message plaintext encrypted .
create a process in the same way as popen _ sp , but patch the file descriptors so they can be accessed from python / gevent in a non - blocking manner .
creates and returns the serato script
a helper for defining boolean options .
search the environment for the relative path .
view a tax
function for deleting autoscale groups
get system default download directory , append mps dir .
given a python qualified name , this function yields a 2 - tuple of the most specific qualified name first , followed by the next - most - specific qualified name , and so on , paired with the remainder of the qualified name .
finds a list of subnets , each identified either by a raw id , a unique name tag , or a cidr such as 10 . 0 . 0 . 0 / 8 .
resets the state of the random number generator with a seed .
the main loop of the program that runs when were not in stdin mode .
remove the root tk widget from the reactor .
generates a unique reset password token for the specified user .
manages the communication between this process and the worker processes .
benchmark * func * and print out its runtime .
number of due follow - ups
craft a file , display dialog .
convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
sum the elements of the iterable , and return the result as a float .
returns the user model that is active in this project .
testcase for py2exe logic , un - compressed lib
converts a given value to a percentage if specified as " x % " , otherwise converts the given value to an integer .
given an input string , returns an html fragment as a string .
helper for getting the text of an element
start a wsgi application .
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
add struct pack / unpack functions
print predefined zones
returns the current size of the terminal as tuple in the form in columns and rows .
a decorator indicating abstract methods .
report any filter which is not allowed by allowed _ filters
factory function to create a new identity service client .
attach custom data on request object , and share it with parent requests during batch .
returns true if the given object is an adatetime where hour , minute , second and microsecond are all none .
wrapper around utils . _ execute for fake _ network .
do some necessary and / or useful substitutions for texts to be included in
generate a csv containing all students problem grades within a given course _ id .
translate a string ip address to a packed number .
only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough
list all headers for a given category
map vera classes to ha types .
this takes a list of amis and an image name and attempts to return the latest ami .
return the platform - dependent extension for compiled modules .
safely join directory and zero or more untrusted pathnames components .
performs a pickle dumps on the given object , substituting all references to a tradingenvironment or assetfinder with tokenized representations .
remove a cluster on a postgres server .
perform t - test for all pairs of distributions .
only for macos with atrun enabled
configure the interface to get its dns servers from the dhcp server
retrieve all the available roles .
get a hash identifying an user .
wrapper function for series arithmetic operations , to avoid code duplication .
this code looks for any modules or packages in the given directory , loads them and then registers a blueprint - blueprints must be created with the name module
search a name in the directories of modules .
set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar .
convert the output of l { picklestringo } into an appropriate type for the current python version .
converts a human readable size to bytes .
fab - p should honor @ runs _ once
context manager to collect profile information .
guard against * value * being null or zero .
solves separable 1st order differential equations .
update topology description from a primarys ismaster response .
lxml * sometimes * represents non - ascii characters as hex entities in attribute values .
remove html entities from a string .
associate the given security group with the given instance .
exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings / dependencies
create an lvm volume group
call fn with given args and kwargs .
test maxwell filter fine calibration .
group items by backend type .
adds a message with the info level .
returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories .
only show up to logger _ settings [ reveal _ sensitive _ prefix ] characters from a sensitive header .
detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
return the number of keys in the selected database
if path does not end with / , add it and return .
find user - specified instrumentation management for a class .
connect to aws config
decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or , if the default encoding is invalid , fall back first on utf - 8 , then on latin - 1 if the message cannot be decoded with utf - 8 .
task resource factory method
the docs links map is in this format : " doc _ path " : [ " file _ path " ,
create a submission file given a configuration dictionary and a computation function .
convert a dictionary containing pairs into a binary keyring which has pairs .
method to decrypt streams using a pdf security handler
returns the html of a css _ selector
point pair triangulation from least squares solution .
delete keypair given by its name .
compute the transformation matrix from galactic spherical to heliocentric sgr coordinates .
ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set .
handler for notify _ url for asynchronous updating billing information .
return a list of mocked presets .
checks a file is executable
test filter tool
return a list of tuples for assigned names
check image availability .
reads the object from the local cache using pickle .
cache of settings . languages in an ordereddict for easy lookups by key .
operation for efficiently calculating the dot product when one or all operands are sparse .
returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
create a temporary file name which should not already exist .
displays text with line numbers .
simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
read rdb data with inconstent data type
wrapper for allowing delivery of . reload command via pm
attempt to set aws access key id from script , else core - site , else none
turn all nested sequences to tuples in given sequence .
helper method for constructing grammars of expressions made up of operators working in a precedence hierarchy .
get the date / time the account was created
ip lookup tool
returns used lun ids with count as a dictionary .
if original doesnt already store matchee then return a new one that has it stored .
run the command configured
monkeypatch the original version from distutils .
return a digital filter from an analog one using a bilinear transform .
returns the url for the login view , expanding the view name to a url if needed .
factory for making validators for api calls , since api calls come in two flavors : responsive and unresponsive .
plots a line .
watch / unwatch a forum .
strip trailing component trailing from content if it exists .
abort if python - apt is not installed
computes the obrien transform on input data .
produce a between predicate clause .
find all ccx derived from this course , and send course published event for them .
compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . .
mark the specified html file as the titlepage of the epub .
install a trace hook which writes incredibly detailed logs about what code is being executed to stdout .
copy a snapshot
check that scenario tests have service tags
display the administration dashboard .
returns the current / latest learned path .
returns the message level tags .
take autoscaler params and generate gce - compatible policy .
new instance from ctypes .
return a list of random items for structure t with format fmtchar .
finds fist parent of element of the given type
checks if file exists .
get triangles for ico surface .
reads a range of the document _ file containing some number of entry _ class instances .
helper function to construct a string from a base and the policy .
return the det ( m ) by using permutations to select factors .
raise a skipexception if a config exists and is true
set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins
evaluate and return the expression of the op on a and b
create a gzip compressed archive of source _ path at archive _ path .
compute the boolean mask x = = missing _ values .
benchmark the speed of different relu implementations .
invite users to new ccx
read an idl . sav file .
bash has problems dealing with certain paths so were surrounding all path outputs with quotes .
encode a dict of values ( either strings or file descriptors or
set up cuda fft resampling .
parses from a string .
get port and port binding records for update within transaction .
find registrations with unexpected numbers of template keys or outdated templates .
asserts the specified output has exactly n elements matching the path specified .
gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
check mapping file and extract list of valid barcodes , primers
get the description of available titles .
returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed .
compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects .
returns the type object for prog _ id .
returns the grade distribution for the problems in the section section in a format for the d3 code .
provides the byte sequence for a collection of http / 2 frames representing the provided request .
put terminal into a raw mode .
internal function used by mask _ dssp _ dict .
return the localized representation of an integer or decimal .
find all twisted - style projects beneath a base directory .
return a configured univention uldap object
uses the lock directory method .
set the entry text .
converts a phone number with letters into its numeric equivalent .
plot error bars at each data point .
computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete .
build a string representation of a query , without metadata types
test iir filter stability check .
a memoize decorator for class properties .
decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail .
return the textual representation of logging level level .
encode a string as base64 using the " modern " python interface .
enter a star rating given the id of the container
relational _ expression : relational _ expression ge shift _ expression
tests max _ revision ( ) gets the latest revision .
determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
fail unless an exception of class exception _ class and with message that matches expected _ regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs .
parse target dbms and set some attributes into the configuration singleton .
return a list of all applicable test modules .
get a list of all the users of this storage path .
convert anything to bytes
check whether the specified table exists in the current schema .
decorator for concrete volume driver implementations .
collect and run tests , returning success or failure .
context manager to ensure sys . modules has certain white - listed modules , most especially latextools _ plugins .
determines whether parameter is a python proxy , i . e . , it has a java internal class with an implements member .
the main entry point
returns a _ dict like " doctype " : " fieldname " : " operator " : " value " :
get tab title without ambiguation .
remove insignificant whitespace from xml nodes
a wrapper around django . views . static . serve that adds cors headers .
email user that their group membership status has changed .
detach a managed policy to a user .
load a dask bag from a castra .
return the path of a data file , these are relative to the current test directory .
compute prediction results
check whether obj and other are not equal , properly handling lost weakrefs .
monkeypatch syncback functions that actually talk to gmail so that the tests can run faster .
return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares ,
update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key : value pair .
update the global connection pool manager parameters .
returns maximum elements obtained by iterating over given axis .
displays the login form and handles the login action .
check if a feature - specific field can be displayed .
returns a dictionary keyed to the defined lxc groups .
version 4 pubkeys are encrypted .
list all datasources in an organisation .
generates a url to the given endpoint with the method provided .
cmp function for sorting a list of strings by alphabetical order , but with numbers sorted numerically , i . e . foo1 , foo2 , foo10 , foo11 instead of foo1 , foo10 , foo11 , foo2 .
parse job id from qsub output string .
replace esc to prevent unsafe strings from writing their own terminal manipulation commands
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i / o .
ensure crypto module is available .
generate text to put in the github release markdown box
replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones .
compress body at the given compress _ level .
test the fix for # 4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
adds options specific to the update command on java apps to parser .
load item stored at path in cache .
create or verify existance of config , work , or logs directories
get new derivation .
return a formset for the given form class .
return the network associated with the project .
provide a testsuite to the discovery process .
return the currently - implemented formats .
return latest flexget version from URL
checks whether a graph is purely elementwise and containing only inputs from a given list .
create a new : class : greenlet . greenlet object and schedule it to run function .
translate an application error to an external error , if possible .
compute a matrix decomposition .
run a function and give results to a deferred .
export a gcode linear move text .
strips all [ x ] html tags .
delete a specific image resource by name .
get the status of all the firewall profiles
fast solexa fastq to solexa fastq conversion .
if the value of the kodi setting is zero , then remove the entry from the config . txt .
parse a querystring and return it as : class : multidict .
ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent
convert any true / false string to its corresponding boolean value .
recursively list all files matching pattern .
parses a string containing only 0s and 1s and return a python list object .
this code is based on os . path . relpath in the python 2 . 6 distribution , included here for compatibility with python 2 . 5
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
returns true if node is inside the name of an except handler .
get current libvlc _ state of media list player .
wrapper around c _ init that initializes py _ name to py _ none .
configure ssh to log to a file for debug
splits multi line map string into list of rows , treats for utf - 8 encoding .
sum up the counts for a word
enable or disable deinterlace filter .
display a message on the vim status line .
apply needed filtering / annotating operations to a documents html .
morning doji star
load the register from msgpack files
this is a helper function that determines the destination path and compare key given parameters received from the fileformat class .
add assembly linear bearing cage .
order view as invoice
determine if the eeg needs an averge eeg reference .
quietly closes a closable object without throwing an exception .
returns 3 orthognal base vectors , the first one colinear to n .
cleans build directories
return text in triple - double - quoted python string form .
save a collection item to file system
return the file and line number of the statement that raised the tb .
processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict
implements memoized cache lookups
obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment .
returns true if x and y are sufficiently close , elementwise .
download grades as csv .
a function to connect to a bigip device and modify an existing node .
make a web call to qingcloud iaas api .
return true if list is a list of ints .
return pade approximation to a polynomial as the ratio of two polynomials .
when a process fails , its output should be logged .
httpexceptions middleware ; this catches any paste . httpexceptions . httpexception exceptions and turns them into proper http responses .
make sure that a package is not installed .
filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
set whether network time is on or off .
return a list of subsections for the given section .
parse a sphinx search index
remove a cluster admin or a database user .
uninstall one or several pecl extensions .
checks all files with the file _ check function provided , skipping files that contain any of the strings in the set provided by exclusions .
return a signature scheme object pkcs115 _ sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 signatures .
destroy a vm instance .
split the specified file at multiple locations ( all tags that match the specified xpath expression .
renders a configuration template and loads the result on the device .
start a droplet in digitalocean .
apply a savitzky - golay filter to an array .
stacks arrays horizontally .
construct input for cifar evaluation using the reader ops .
convert a space separated string to a list of scopes .
implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in
plot concatenated epochs .
install qt translator to the qapplication instance
delete dhcp options by id or name .
for the particular label _ list , gets the offsets into the hypothetical list representing the totally ordered cartesian product of all possible label combinations , * as long as * this space fits within int64 bounds ; otherwise , though group indices identify unique combinations of labels , they cannot be deconstructed .
import module by name
given a datasource , generates a dictionary that may be used for invoking the layermapping utility .
return the subset of the list names that match pat .
setup the rfxtrx platform .
run migrations in offline mode .
store a temporary file .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a numpy array with optional mapping .
sanity checks for the intended acls of the policy
calculate the default directory to use for temporary files .
updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values .
returns the default site .
crosscovariance for 1d
add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming .
load the plugins specified in the configuration .
returns the serializers modules
returns overlaping document for specified feild .
create the output directory .
default datalist item renderer for incidents on profile pages
ensure that a repository exists in the given directory . .
start the browser client mode
get the integer value of a hexadecimal number .
set the size of a finder window for folder to .
backport of os . walk from 2 . 6 , where the followlinks argument was added .
extract the filename if a url is an uploaded file , or return the original url
test that different length args raise valueerror .
runs a wsgi - compatible function using fcgi , scgi , or a simple web server , as appropriate .
generate a random s3 bucket name .
returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory
retrieves the snmp config from the device .
creates a flat list of all all items in structured output : . .
convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base _ folder .
handler to log when logins have occurred successfully .
wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist .
creates local settings , and installs requirements
ax1 : the main axes ax1 : the zoomed axes
expand a 2 by 2 contingency table to observations
load extra data from provider and store it on current usersocialauth extra _ data field .
open a resource file given by pathname , possibly decoding an
creates an sqs queue , launches an ec2 instance , configures it and creates an ami .
test setting up other volume source spaces
get latex preamble from rc .
disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler , while retaining the ability to re - enable tp learning in the future .
attach an elastic network interface .
deleted col of volume _ type _ projects converted .
get all x509 certs from a keyinfo instance .
update the attributes of an group .
formats a date as the time until that date
add the begin xml tag .
only run if properly configured
check if a user exists .
disassociate the given stagekeyslist to the given apikey .
wait to see drop database output .
check for git on command - line , return bool .
creates a mount target for a file system .
test if the given datastore - indexes . xml string implies auto - generation .
compute zeros of integer - order bessel function derivative jn ( x ) .
delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear _ policy .
get a list of configured discount module instances .
hook to write a warning to a file ; replace if you like .
initializes log data , so that zero count samples can be recorded ids _ bcs _ added _ field : dict of : sampleid
tell worker ( s ) to modify the rate limit for a task by type .
if path is a valid vcs repository , run the corresponding vcs tool
determine whether the given unix socket path is in a filesystem namespace .
set the current policy for the specified table / chain
beta function that returns a dendrogram plotly figure object .
this function is used to properly write unicode to a file , usually stdout or stdderr .
list available snapshots for certain vm or for all .
get the ntp configuration information for a given host or list of host _ names .
redirects to the specified location using the provided http _ code
list floating ips . .
redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app .
helper function to get linear projection or partialling out of variables endog variables are projected on exog variables
update composer dependencies for a directory .
get the path from the edge intersections .
a decorator to place an instance - based lock around a method .
show a modeljob
given a valid region name , return a
return system per - cpu times as a list of named tuples .
runs the given command against aws .
computes the trimmed mean of a sequence of numbers .
make an initial pass across a set of states for delete .
gray scale and rotation invariant lbp .
gets the newest 5 messages , keep searching , otherwise start with message entering
return the load data that marks a specified jid
show runtime - editable configuration option .
helper function to load a module while setting sys . dont _ write _ bytecode to prevent bytecode files from being generated .
invalidate / re - validate students to / from certificate .
rolls back a transaction .
for backward compatibility , in classic mode we display sub / superscripted text in a mathdefault block .
converts task id into a beaker path to result file
move prepared osm data from temporary to permanent tables .
stack tables vertically
this method gives you the most recently * completed * audit period .
round a to the nearest integer if that integer is within an epsilon of a .
test gat diagonal plot .
iterates over all the nodes of g in " saturation order " .
rows _ widths widths of the different rows in pixels .
init process group permissions .
set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name
escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code .
return qml library directory formatted for data .
only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value
helper function for the method of variation of parameters and nonhomogeneous euler eq .
poll emr and wait for a step to finish .
generate a csv file containing a summary of the xblock usage
test verifying user using verify _ user function
fix line ending of content by changing it to
find the best match between available and requested locale strings .
check for assertequal or assertequal sentences
get streams with subscribers
methods for combining the p - values of independent tests bearing upon the same hypothesis .
split and strip keywords , preserve space separated quoted blocks .
return the ground leading coefficient .
common logic for nspawn . run functions
get new repository .
takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
generic list of objects .
get a floating ips by fixed address .
concatenate all the text parts again .
return tuple describing the current slice given slice width .
to see all volumes transfers as an admin pass in a special search option : { all _ tenants : 1 }
restful crud controller
setup tellstick sensors .
format * sql * according to * options * .
make the authentication headers needed to use the appveyor api .
create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels .
compute neighborhood as an array of linear offsets into the image .
executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two
returns a neighbor configuration for given ip address if exists .
helper function that prints to stderr .
add a querymanager for each status item dynamically .
look up and call view function by url .
returns true if the given estimator is a classifier .
get all subclasses of a given class
get the triangle mesh for the gts file .
update pkgin package definitions .
returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app .
a function which accepts no arguments at all .
check if test is blacklisted and should be ignored
retrieve all the roles assigned to the provided user .
uses heuristics to guess whether the given file is text or binary , by reading a single block of bytes from the file .
get all the element in a list table .
set the cover of the book to the image pointed to by cover _ path .
strip off the part looks like a rest role in type _ str .
parse the html , returning a single element / document .
return vcs root directory path
return the full url to the bootstrap css library
create private networks
build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns
expand shell variables of form $ var and $ { var } .
inclusive _ or _ expression : inclusive _ or _ expression or exclusive _ or _ expression
ansible dynamic inventory experimentation
helper method for : py : func : _ ssh _ run to build an argument list for subprocess .
return a list of sorted values for given attribute , if all its values can be cast to ints .
get new repository .
make a request to twilio .
start tasktimeslot for preselected task
given a string value , returns a geosgeometry object .
parses a cost limit .
wait for the server to reach the desired state for the given action .
this method returns an array containing one or more ip address strings that respond as the given domain name
finds all substitutable variables .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
get the descendents which have the given local name .
check if a postgresql database exists .
handler for qute : settings .
split a pathname into drive / unc sharepoint and relative path specifiers .
retrieve all available credit providers or filter on given providers _ list .
converts a long to the associated byte string representation of length l .
create a file link from source to destination .
echo calls to class methods and static functions
batch normalization on convolutional maps .
builds connection and search arguments , performs the ldap search and formats the results as a dictionary appropriate for pillar use .
yields num _ reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y
return an iterable over the service elements in the yadis xrd sorted by priority
this criteria is alerted if metrics data is completely missing at a timestamp .
a helpful decorator which can switch the flag values temporarily .
this method returns the entity of the element which link points to .
transform data prior to calling compute
defines an option in the global namespace .
check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
enable / disable self - generated certificates for a course .
list servers in haproxy backend .
return sequence of transformations from transformation matrix .
list all the munin plugins
adds a new task phase to the available phases .
downloads pyload source from bitbucket tip or given rev
recursively go through a directory .
format a task info ref for consumption outside of this module
convert a block of bytes to a pandas dataframe
the directory that we check out our bundles to .
deletes an index
gets the subset defined by the bitstring .
swap the case of the matched text .
cleanup after ci _ build
get a pending computer name .
run migrations in online mode .
returns true if g has no edges .
statement : name equals expression
encode a string using the standard base64 alphabet .
import content from buf and return a python ast .
restores the running osf database with the contents of the database at the location given its argument .
a helper function for expm _ 2009 .
outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
login via an account recovery link .
helper for reading values from cache
compute square - free norm of f .
return true if the task is visible in this context .
generate adu counts grouped by group in format .
a template tag that returns the url to a file using staticfiles storage backend
correlation of two random expressions , also known as correlation coefficient or pearsons correlation
tensor switch is like an if statement that checks the value of the theano shared variable , before either dropping out the state _ before tensor or computing the appropriate activation .
generates a string for use with the coordinate packages docstring to show the available transforms and coordinate systems
subtract two images , without clipping the result .
press the keyboard button for volume up .
determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
plot a unique score 1d array .
creates a default gui environment
remove endpoints which are added to the path .
builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions .
the default print function .
create a bond script in / etc / modprobe . d with the passed settings and load the bonding kernel module .
convert a multidict containing form data into a regular dict .
run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps
convert a binary string into its hex encoding , broken up into chunks of i { chunksize } characters separated by a space .
setup hikvision binary sensor devices .
compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x .
check whether ldap authentication can be enabled .
insert hyphens into a node .
display a url like the browser url bar would .
given two dictionaries describe their difference
read a file and return parsed json object .
cracks cap file using aircrack - ng
escape html in json value , including nested items .
take the value passed , and merge it over the current setting .
returns true if address belongs to link - local multicast address space
take an iterable of callbacks , return a list of each callback .
dummy implementation of thread . get _ ident ( ) .
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
returns version information for single module
local response normalization layer .
get summarize health
times how long it took for this script to run .
used to instruct the agent to force a node into the left state .
a generic isnan ( ) function
a convenience method for making a dist given just a name and version .
sort a list of elements that have priority attributes
construct a burt table for variables .
create an atom element .
assert that calculate _ changes returns certain changes when it is invoked with the given state and configuration .
equivalent to pickle . dump ( data , open ) but closes the file to prevent filehandle leakage .
stacks arrays along a new axis .
sets permissions for vhost via rabbitmqctl set _ permissions
generates an output dataframe from the given subset of user - provided data , the given column names , and the given default values .
evaluate the expression value .
install the pre - requisites for pip installation of the flocker client .
process elementnode by svgreader .
compute polynomial pseudo - division of f and g .
set the closed attribute of the xmlelement .
test cluster level permutations t - test .
return copy of default pep 385 globals dictionary .
returns a cache key consisten of a username and image size .
count occurrences of elements in this column
measure memory usage of a python statement
read a python file , using the encoding declared inside the file .
return a list of tuples where s is the largest subset of elements that appear in pairs of sets given by sets and l is a list of tuples giving the indices of the pairs of sets in which those elements appeared .
it computes the root mean squared difference between predicted and actual ratings for users .
start the specified service
generate a password and hash it
gets a zone by name .
sanitize the filename name .
return full absolute path of libs for an action .
returns the main global unicast address associated with provided interface , in human readable form .
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
apply validation and integrity checks to a collection of bokeh models .
get the english names of this font .
fairly portable uname interface .
gets the user impact score for the given user _ id .
setup x10 switches over a mochad controller .
all api requests should return json objects , even when unexpected errors occur .
splits a string into lines while preserving all non - crlf characters .
run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops .
find the definition of an object within a source closest to a given line
the basic permission - checker only for player objects .
encodings module api .
get the document with a given jid .
the percentile rank of a score relative to a list of scores .
unregister a previously registered hosting service .
check for single module version .
set up os module replacement functions for use during import bootstrap .
return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment .
returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number .
set a key / value pair in the vault service
find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives
check if a give protein seqrecord can be translated by another nucleotide seqrecord .
create a security group
initialize the model for a pyramid app .
map all frgaments in flist to the closest fragment in reflist .
converts an sslerror , httperror or urlerror into something subclassing
make every worker ignore keyboarinterrups since it will be handled by the parent process .
retrieve and return foreign keys for members / properties tables .
calculates new capacity from the given adjustments .
sets up a registry client for use in registry lookups
recursively include data directories .
break text down into ngrams , and return a dictionary mapping to number of times that ngram occurs .
turn a port number into a device name
the humanized datetime of the last update to an object
checks that all names in in _ as in obj , but no name in out _ is .
sorts a list of dictionaries by a given key in the dictionaries note : this is a destructive operation
set file used to get codec information .
add faces from a convex polygon .
return a valid string ssh public key for the user executing autoserv or autotest .
create a list of menuitems for the activity feed .
get the user we want to view information on behalf of .
create request object from a dict .
to make plots referenceable , we need to move the reference from the " htmlonly " node to the actual figure node itself .
convert native set * val * to a set object .
get new repository .
label a test as slow .
convert an file system path to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
returns an openerdirector for retrieving administrative urls .
helper routine for ogrinspect that generates geodjango models corresponding to the given data source .
remove connected components smaller than the specified size .
add or overwrite the class used to process a keepass file .
returns the redirect url back to courseware
evaluates the latest model checkpoint .
format a string of python code .
load globals ( ) from file
a view that uses { % csrf _ token % }
do the action in the configuration dictionary , using the associated args .
returns the time difference in seconds between the given two datetime objects .
create a cone
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
convenience function for getting the text to use for a match when formatting .
ensure that target y is of a non - regression type .
format image metadata for use in notifications from the instance system metadata .
return a random url - safe text string , in base64 encoding .
set x window properties on the window with the specified id .
return a distutils install scheme
calculate the optimal mode for this chunk of data .
return a configured oslo _ messaging rpc server .
only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
format a datetime object as an iso timestamp .
sets up a logger for console output , and file tee output if desired .
return an absolute path .
parse a c environ block of environment variables into a dictionary .
gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
show information on command usage patterns .
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi episodes .
add a medias input mrl .
returns a boolean value representing the " truth " of the value passed .
resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
returns a list of subclass strings .
optimises a series of transformations parsed from a single transform = " " attribute .
add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run .
create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields , if necessary
fetch data for all the blocks in the course .
return a new image that appends the two images side - by - side .
returns a status redirect to the new url .
extract script from text with examples .
return true if the object is a user - defined generator function .
additive coupling with channel - wise splitting .
returns true if and only if the user agent of the client making the request indicates that it is microsoft internet explorer 8 or 9 .
accepts yaml _ ex as a string or as a file object and runs it through the yaml _ ex parser .
evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval
parse and check the command line arguments .
escape non - ascii characters as suggested by rfc 3986
determine if filename is located under path structure .
returns requested server density authentication value from pillar .
delete all resource views , or all of a particular type .
returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port
create a continuous query .
find all - pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm .
removes duplicates and preserves the original order of the elements .
plugins command sub group .
modify an virtual server .
print out the change that would occur by tagging item with the metadata from match , a trackmatch object .
construct an open mesh from multiple sequences .
runs gdb in - - batch mode with the additional arguments given by * args .
replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op .
helper to call the virt functions .
recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at * node * , in no specified order .
return the complete input / output paths for the supplied page .
only load the module if apache is installed
evaluate mnist for a number of steps .
look up a user by email
check if a server accepts connections on a specific tcp port
return a dict describing specific group _ type .
call to load the plugins machinery .
test 2 stage randomization .
convert a number of hours into a string with format % h : % m
handles the message sending for skype .
utility function to show legend .
returns the reverse of a 1 - in - n binary encoding .
internal method shared between requestmanager and _ getremoteappid .
encode a given music file with a certain encoder .
print a list of documents
os - specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path ; not recommended for general use .
in place left precedent dictionary merge .
on delete of the version object call the file delete and signals .
list out installed pythons on host .
find an ancestor of node with the given indentation .
input a list of list , return a list that all items are in a list .
returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
turn x into a sequence or ndarray , avoiding a copy if possible .
walk from the root up to a directory and verify that the current user has access to read each directory .
validate an ipv4 dotted quad or integer cidr netmask
works exactly like : func : dumps but is safe for use in
load a previously saved object from file
update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible
restarts the nginx server .
make a bean plot of each dataset in the data sequence .
remove latex formatting from mathtext
get new repository .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
update last cache update time for shows in list
given a pareto front first _ front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front , this function returns a metric of the diversity of the front as explained in the original nsga - ii article by k .
set and retrieve the value of response . status
glob function for a pattern that do not contain wildcards .
require a working copy of the repository from the remote _ url .
create verify flag file or return true if it already exists
splits given variables along an axis .
recognize file format and sizes .
return the default list used for the required _ together argument to ansiblemodule
return a title for the given group factory stub object .
convert camelcase style naming to underscore style naming
get path from prefix and xml element .
get search results from api response
convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible .
compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target .
calculate the default directory to use for temporary files .
in python 2 this is a no - op .
retain reads where the id is in ids _ to _ keep but not in ids _ to _ remove .
validates that explorations in a given collection are public .
return the definition , if any that is inside .
return a random complex number .
fetch image from glance to esx datastore .
returns whether the jsonp function name is valid
print the ip address or an error message if an ip address was not found .
load a surf and use the subdivided icosahedron to get points .
extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
commit the current directory , files , or directories to the remote subversion repository cwd
creates commands for extract _ barcodes . py all _ files : list of input filelpaths or dict of paired files ispaired : true if paired data base _ output _ dir : output directory to write log , stitched reads optional _ params : added parameters to extract _ barcodes . py calls leading _ text : text to add before extract _ barcodes . py call trailing _ text : text to add after extract _ barcodes . py call include _ input _ dir _ path : if true , include input directory in output directory names remove _ filepath _ in _ name : if true , the base filename will not be used in the output directory names .
get a lexer by an alias .
testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes .
pure implementation of binary search algorithm in python using stdlib
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
internal function to load a module from a single app .
rekey the encrypted participant identity information in our database .
returns the letter coordinate of the given list of fragments .
a view that uses a nested client to call another view and then raises an exception .
a generator yielding all the albums found in the user - specified list of paths .
parameters f : file or gzip . gzipfile
instantiate an input data placeholder variable .
get equation for polar azimuth .
get duration of media descriptor object item .
helper to run code in nominated namespace
returns true if dirname contains a whoosh index .
logs detailed message about tasks that raise exceptions
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . script _ retcode inside a container context container container id additional parameters
override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
a parenthesised argument list , used by call ( )
generate code specific to the execution of the sklearn pipeline
build an absolute url containing the full url to the server .
insert empty lines so that all sources has matching line numbers for the same code
parse connection pool options .
returns either the origin or referer value from the request headers , ignoring " null " origins .
deletes the account password
struct _ or _ union _ specifier : struct _ or _ union id lbrace struct _ declaration _ list rbrace
read graph in graphml format from path .
dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
unbinds a ssl certificate from a vserver
check if the worker is in activation state in the targeted load balancers
first nibble hex encoding method .
given a path to the hadoop binary , return the path of the implied hadoop home , or none if we dont know .
plot data from files written by a cmadatalogger , the call cma . plot is a shortcut for cma . cmadatalogger . plot
get new derivation .
add line segment to the pixel table .
displays which package installed a specific file
conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . .
stores topic similarities in the datastore .
clip a gcode linear move file .
constant _ expression _ opt : constant _ expression
unzip a list of lists into nout outputs .
migrate an old oauth template fact to a newer format if its present .
given an inventorylist object , replaces the inventory of the resource provider in a safe , atomic fashion using the resource providers generation as a consistent view marker .
function to add random noise of various types to a floating - point image .
convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to , .
a version of os . walk that can follow symlinks for python < 2 . 6
get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
publish a command from the minion out to other minions , publications need to be enabled on the salt master and the minion needs to have permission to publish the command .
canonicalize a request to a token that can be signed .
for internal use only
a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
create the rule to match for a given action .
check whether the files permissions are as expected , otherwise , log a warning message .
flush task spool
find all members that meet the given criteria
sphere fitting constraint .
set the default cv depending on whether clf is classifier / regressor .
command : print error
setup the homematic binary sensor platform .
convert a json variable to the native object .
support jt plugin ha by trying other mr cluster .
returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in
skipped steps can be retrieved as steps
return the metadata of a resource .
install a package with yum or a yum - like package manager .
test savgol filtering .
return a report of the current engine status
normalize gce facts
returns the value corresponding to a vertical shift label int .
yann lecuns local contrast normalization
a function to list a specific virtual .
get transaction details from solitude api .
nest context managers .
a decorator for handling taskhandle . jobsets
set the integer to the string .
psutil variant of the open port check
utility to call ipython filename and validate output / error .
return whether fmadm is reporting faults
async version of create _ upload _ url ( ) .
support function for copy _ reg to unpickle method refs
login in and request an new api token .
we likely want to take the cross - product
set the host , cluster _ name , and set the scheduled _ at field of a volume .
format path for sublime internally .
max - norm input regularization removes the neurons of previous layer .
return affine matrix given a set of translation and rotation parameters params : np . array in native package format source : the package that generated the parameters supports spm , afni , fsfast , fsl , nipy
attaches an option to the command .
returns the resolved variable , which may contain attribute syntax , within the given context .
check to make sure set _ positions works properly
return the list of all graphs with up to seven nodes named in the
set the value of a specified xattr .
this deletes the courseware associated with a course _ key as well as cleaning update _ item the various user table stuff
get an environment variable , return none if it doesnt exist .
samples a 3d function f over specified intervals and returns three 2d arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax .
returns csv representation of dataset .
abort an on - going live migration .
return the items of an iterable paired with its next item .
return view of image transformed from cartesian to array origin .
execute a system query using powershell if it is available , and using vbs / cscript as a fallback .
execute the passed command and return a dict of return data
returns the http requests path _ info as a unicode string .
plot input data
return predefined results based on execute _ table5 .
return the open quotation of type " shopping cart " or make a new one
determine default project explicitly or implicitly as fall - back .
the http request and response associated with a vulnerability , usually the user will first get / scans / 1 / kb / 3 and from there browse to this resource where the http traffic is available
custom method to link a response to a mission & / or human resource
override for djangos get _ language _ bidi thats aware of more rtl languages .
seek forward one unit at a time
return the full path to the first match of the given command on the path .
retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary .
produces unwrapped lines from the given code .
return an iterator that is compatible with python 2 . 6
return the puiseux series for f .
get new derivation .
return all nodes having a path to source in g .
demonstrates the calendar resource api using calendarresourcesample .
create a discrete random variable with a poisson distribution .
psutil 2 compatibility layer
fully connected highway .
returns the status , headers , and body of an error response .
formats a multi - index dataframe as lines of a qiime mapping file
return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
calls upload either with a local audio file , or a url .
returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
read default and user config files and return them as a dict .
get the hipchat options from salt .
creates a third - level pipeline to merge the connectome file format outputs from each group and combines them into a single cff file for each group .
return information about the named media as a json string representation .
given an xml element corresponding to the output of test _ capa _ system . render _ template , get back the original context
get all vifs .
this function converts the six . moves . input values to integers .
get the description of available video tracks .
calculates a pearson correlation coefficient and the p - value for testing non - correlation .
returns a group detail page .
return true if filter values exist on the model
this function takes in a url for a zip file , extracts it and returns the temporary path it was extracted to
ignores some keys that might be different without any important info .
create and append the child nodes from the xmltext .
utility function to store a function as a magic of a specific kind .
modules home page : show the main map
when importing a package item the package should be updated with the child
reboot a node
shift images with the same arguments , randomly or non - randomly .
return a string representation of a hash .
serializes a value to json .
returns list of dictionaries of statistics used to draw a series of box and whisker plots .
build internal name cache
set all module _ _ file _ _ attribute to an absolute path
ensures that a singleton resource class cache has been created in the modules scope .
return standardized format for lists / dictionaries .
function for handling key presses for the animation .
show all the figures and enter the cocoa mainloop .
wait until a function finishes , or times out
create the encoder instance for our test and return it .
converts an entity into a protobuf .
raise an error if the string has any punctuation characters .
return the path to the generate sources
compiles templates to python code .
add meaning information to a protobuf .
return - cosh / cosh pseudo - derivative of a periodic sequence .
returns a list of matching tickets
ensure that the named database is absent name
returns whether we are currently being imported in the context of running
decode html entities in the given text .
helper to get urls for summary tabs to use as actions for a saved filter
generates a signed json web token using a google api service account .
decorator to check session has expired or not .
pre - and in - sample fitting for arma .
main demo logic .
delete a snapshot
when a step definition calls another step definition with behave _ as , that step should be marked a failure .
horizontal bisection step in collins - krandick root isolation algorithm .
get the exclude string for the tar command to exclude specific subdirectories inside client _ dir .
return the notify service .
return event data to remote carbon server
x is a n * m matrix size show each images size , if none , size will be sqrt
computes a solution ( x ) to the sylvester equation : math : ax + xb = q .
return a list of ranges from the range header .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
break email sending
signal receiver of a model class and instance .
allocate a fixed ip out of a fixed ip network pool .
mark mobile - compatible apps as compatible for firefox os as well .
given a template name , returns the template names as a list , with each name prefixed with the device directory inserted into the front of the list .
check that y _ true is binary and y _ prob contains valid probabilities
read graph in p2g format from path .
return a list of current moosefs mounts
called if the message cannot be sent .
get a list of all volume drivers .
context manager for setting the given output groups to false .
replaces a network acl entry .
perform wavelet thresholding .
return timezone - aware now , same way django does it , but regardless of settings . use _ tz .
delete a website from iis .
reissues an existing receipt , provided from the client .
clean up the metric module .
handle mouse click events .
create a new user and enroll him / her to the given course , return list of errors in the following format
helper function to retrieve the full policy name if needed
cleanse an individual setting key / value of sensitive content .
check the removal _ version against the current pants version .
returns the version number as a string .
remove file with rebalance information .
dump the softmax weights and word embeddings to files .
wait for the specified port to become free .
get the info structure for an account , based on env and app .
apply migrations for admission plugin facts
return true if the namespace is visible in this context .
returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
returns a list of all enabled feeds .
returns the default collection .
synchronize with remote repository
remove all completed jobs from history
converts an rgb array to a xonsh color string .
convert a timedelta to seconds
choose multiple options from a list .
register linux bridge capabilities .
returns a hash of css selectors , each of which contains a hash of css attributes
returns a non - trivial solution , , to x ^ 2 = ay ^ 2 + bz ^ 2 using lagranges descent method with lattice - reduction .
return git revision for the repository located at repopath
set up the home assistant instance to test .
computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k [ x ] .
perform a gluster command and return a boolean status .
run all registered installers .
take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [ ] - > { str : }
manipulate the xml element .
test text when status is changed .
retrieve loopback ip addresses
return a list of full paths to all matches of the given command on the path .
ensure a linux acl is present
for a given course _ id , generate a csv file containing information about students who may enroll but have not done so yet , and store using a reportstore .
take the new first name and last name out of the post .
check to see if the specified kernel module is loaded
get beautifulsoup object from url .
return the path to the s3cache dir
loads and returns a template for the given name .
persists new or updated calendar objects to the database .
makes sure the parameter passed in looks like a geos point .
remove the named pid file if it exists .
get package name for a module .
splits camel cased sentence into words
method to decode streams using hexadecimal encoding
initialize all qwebsettings .
returns a memcache key for an exploration .
update the ports tree extract : false
retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name .
returns a model of e - mail messages .
generic insert / create / update query against the loaded database .
recursively rebuilds a list - making sure all the members are strings .
return a dictionary containing key - value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
define type match with given value .
a pinger is basically a thing to let you wake a select ( ) .
this is a helper function that implements the commonality between the complex , magnitude , angle , and phase spectrums .
start a machine by name
convert s to float or raise
returns a webob request to the django _ request
stop recording rpc traces and save all traces to memcache .
converts a list of tag objects into a comma - separated slug list .
create a new wms / ows service , cascade it if necessary
update the root organisation of an org _ organisation
return usage information for volumes mounted on this minion
coerce data to a core data type .
convert a binary array into its integer representation .
load data from a pickle file .
get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary .
callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string
generate anchor windows by enumerating aspect ratios x scales wrt a reference window .
forgets the storage repository without destroying the vdis within .
recursive function doing the real work for get _ cycles
add a node to the pacemaker cluster via pcs
simulates an otu switching to related one input a tipname , a tree , and a distance to walk up the tree ouputs the name of the new , randomly chosen , tree tip output tip name may be the same as
generate interactive 2d scatterplots
common setup function .
module function to recreate a password hash given the hash parameters .
plugin " for handling scp transfers using pexpect
get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format .
helper function to return a url pattern for serving files in debug mode .
returns the / at skew in a passed sequence .
page public function , return pages object tuple
only prints s if verbose is true .
retry the interaction , ignoring the passed exceptions .
return the number of physical cores in the system .
return the exceptions message .
a decorator that ensures that the specified target _ id exists and is valid .
set the position of a finder window for folder to pos = .
retrieve featured sponsors for rotation
calculate parameters needed for instantiating xmodule instances .
build lookup for synset to human - readable label .
this method updates all configuration default values .
generate cross - validated estimates for each input data point
get the events by action id .
function for p - value abcissa transformation
i havent found a neat way to pull raw bytes out of scapy packets , so i just wrote a small utility function for it .
get selling & buying price list of every item
create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution .
print a list of keypairs for a user
replaces a route .
convert escaped html characters into unescaped html characters .
build docs with mkdocs .
compute the matrix tensor product of sympy / numpy / scipy . sparse matrices .
class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
return a string containing the " ls - l " style listing for meta .
handling of past dates for naturaltime .
given a vpc id or vpc name , delete the vpc .
new message mlist
fetch metrics for organizations .
a simple dialogue allowing read access to the file system .
view the history of query .
installs node prerequisites
list maintenance windows belonging to this account
return graph from node - link data format .
update crc - 32c checksum with data .
return the module references by module name .
recursively expand nodegroup from nodegroups ; ignore nodegroups in skip
transcribes a dna sequence into rna .
return requests per second
returns directly the argument * obj * .
escape all non - alphanumeric characters in pattern .
check to see if the given modelname exists in the given restapiid
send e - mail when a review is published .
generate a volunteer service record
update an tag , raise if ns not found / visible or duplicate result
return a colormap as
return file encoding .
returns a list of folders associated with a given service instance .
return a boolean if we can be successfully converted to a datetimelike
deletes usage plan identified by plan _ id . .
resolve a function by name
convert a qt qflags value to its keys as string .
splits title containing a year into a title , year pair .
encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding
validator for node # title .
write complete set of alignments to a file .
compare two values using frappe . utils . compare condition could be : - " in " - " not in " - " not none " - " none "
run the data preparation for summarizing taxonomies and generating plots
async version of delete _ multi ( ) .
detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
helper for _ annotation _ ascii _ fes ( ) .
validate the current last - modified against if - modified - since headers .
read only the header of a tag .
returns units recent changes .
given a cassandra type as a string , hand back the cassandratype class responsible for it .
read and format tooltips , return a dict .
search for an address space
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
temporarily chown a path .
left align text .
properly rename a node .
calculate a one - dimensional filter along the given axis .
setup the synology nas sensor .
the similarity of two patterns in the bit - encoding space is displayed alongside their similarity in the sp - coinc space .
check if all links are corect .
add or modify a label on a dataset .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
return a l { str } representation of c { obj } which only shows fields with non - default values , flags which are true and sections which have been explicitly set .
does this queue exist
send all eligible messages in the queue .
converts part of a key into a slice with a start and step .
parses a string as a normalized number according to the locale settings .
clones master of repo _ url
in kinto users ids are prefixed with the policy name that is contained in pyramid multiauth .
a function which accepts several arguments .
changes vm state and notifies .
pads a rectangular image with transparency to make it square .
add infill boundary to the nested ring that contains it .
returns the length hint of an object .
confirm headers are compatible in casava 1 . 8 . 0 or later
only load if the portage _ config module is available in _ _ salt _ _
update one or several gems .
sets the current device .
creates a new struct class .
return the first element of a generator and exhaust it .
a timeseries is anomalous if the z score is greater than the grubbs score .
yields tuples containing :
t - test for means of two independent samples from descriptive statistics .
json dumps and escapes objects that are safe to be embedded in javascript .
return expression of log probability .
returns a kernel that performs a partial reduction .
return an integer corresponding to the base - 2 digits given by term .
generate prototypes for all functions of a given source code .
perform http request using mpsyt user agent header .
list of codons according to full _ rf _ table for counting .
a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing func * in nopython mode using the llvmlite irbuilder api .
a replacement for django . contrib . auth . decorators . permission _ required that doesnt ask authenticated users to log in .
clean out a template temp file
convert core data structures to blaze expression
load plugins from the standard plugin paths .
wait until a specific state has been reached on a node
traverse the given expression structure , returning an iterator .
returns the string repr of the stream label
test vispy software
build the source tarball
try to find the path to qmake with version given by the argument as a string .
default action which deletes the selected objects .
given the path ( of a conda installed file ) iterate over the conda packages the file came from .
user - callable function to create and return a unique temporary directory .
performs an http call to the server , supports get , post , put , and delete .
run a string with markup through html tidy ; return the corrected one .
compare two record arrays
check that the value is a list of ip addresses .
notifies the user about failed challenges .
run a wsgi server with the given application .
turn a n - d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
setup the scsgate switches .
return fractional part of given number .
load single byte
converts figure to a numpy array of rgb values of tight value
create a test instance .
cleanup the a resource dict .
moves the source file or folder to the destination .
executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition .
returns the equivalent of the http requests script _ name environment variable .
get a list of alfred . item objects
run an arbitrary ldap query and return the results .
return an unindented version of a docstring .
start a interactive python console with callers stack
returns 1 if the perceptron fires , 0 if not
find vertex numbers and indices from label .
concatenate strings in the series / index with given separator .
converts color ( s ) to the specified color type
find unprefixed string literals in a python source file .
processes each photo from scan .
return the document for the current default state .
returns true if instance overrides a method inherited from base .
recursively merge a directory tree using mergecopy ( ) .
a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
if the module level variable data _ managers is set , generate datamanagertooltestcase classes for all of its tests and put them into this modules globals ( ) so they can be discovered by nose .
load the scheme scheme from a file and return its svg image representation .
yields pairs of tokens from the given iterator such that each input token will appear as the first element in a yielded tuple .
performs a get request for the given url and returns the response
classmark change section 9 . 1 . 11
convert a datetime object to an integer number of seconds since the unix epoch .
given a course id and thread id , remove pin from this thread ajax only
a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
restart the traffic _ manager process and the traffic _ server process on all the nodes in a cluster .
over calls : : func with hold and then restores the hold state .
move a file or directory
returns set of libraries .
checks if a vlanid is in use
label for a task on a dot graph .
tests that admin users can access the admin site .
perform a full site build .
return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
see if the move command exists , that it supports - k , and that it has not been administratively disabled .
get and decompress a gcs url
handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
traverses the given document and yields subdocuments which correspond to the given fields _ chain
makes boxplot trace for decreasing candlesticks
reverse a tensor along the the specified axes
return true if * obj * is iterable
takes a hex sha and returns its filename relative to the given path .
cochrans q test for identical binomial proportions .
subtracts the given means from each image channel .
attempt to update the ca bundle file from a url
send e - mail when an api token is created or updated .
common setup sequence for all user - callable interfaces .
return a dict that fills in the blanks in kb notification templates .
converts color dict to dict of color objects
validates dictioanry of color ( s )
automatically fill out the legend based on series labels .
get the mapping of arguments to values .
return append _ domain if set
send query along to nagios .
return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder .
run a scheduled job on the minion immediately
format a list of arguments / kwargs to a function - call like string .
verify that value is a dictionary of package names to glob lists
get the entire text of a file .
returns the random number generator state as a bytetensor .
get date in secs , usecs .
get flavor extra specs .
test the significance of set of correlations with permutations .
create an empty media player object .
formats val according to the currency settings in the current locale .
the scenario result has also the undefined steps .
get collection options
decorate methods to be run as qthreads
marks a function or method as deprecated .
wait to see create database output .
process the xml element .
convert version string to version info tuple .
makes the x - axis for a violin plot .
a demonstration of the earley parsers .
convert integer to roman numeral
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
return true if path is a directory containing a setup . py file .
gets a number , and returns it as a string , using formats defined as arguments : decimal _ sep : decimal separator symbol decimal _ pos : number of decimal positions grouping : number of digits in every group limited by thousand separator thousand _ sep : thousand separator symbol
receives the post - back from processor .
cache a functions result for speedy future evaluation
a demonstration showing how cfgs can be created and used .
convert the provided host to the format in / proc / net / tcp * / proc / net / tcp uses little - endian four byte hex for ipv4 / proc / net / tcp6 uses little - endian per 4b word for ipv6
returns a value associated with the requests microsite , if present
turns the given source sequence into a list of reg - exp possibilities and their arguments .
return of executing cmd in a shell .
this function is deprecated , please use the auth _ is _ loggedin _ user instead
fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant
deletes any existing allocations that correspond to the allocations to be written .
returns the proper template based on the objects content _ type .
monkey patch for boto issue boto / boto # 2100
compute default inverse - document - frequency for a term with document frequency doc _ freq : : idf = add + log
retrieve mapping definition of index or index / type
reply to a thread .
wrapper to run at ( 1 ) or return none .
create a new mkdocs project
generate an iterable of endpoint objects given this input data , presumably from the result of performing the yadis protocol .
get items from the minion datastore . .
transform the value with the logistic function .
return a list of indices from a range header , or none .
remove old profile files .
unicode aware sorting if available
get equation for cylindrical radius .
create a brocade specific port , has policy like vlan .
convert a package
load and return the movies dataset with n ratings .
return the string split into explicit groups , that is , those either between parenthese , square brackets or curly braces , and those separated by a dash .
return a mocked container inspect dict from self . container _ inspects .
return the raw text of a document , as a list of paragraphs .
update status line .
delete a dns record .
return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system .
only load the module if apache is installed
returns true if method is an instance method of klass .
load this state if the reg module exists
get triangle mesh from derivation , negatives , positives and xmlelement .
returns a string representation of the xblocks type and display name
parse a line from an aliases file .
get the filename of the config file associated with the given package or module .
prints usage information and exits with a status code .
set up the sensor .
a minimal urlopen replacement hack that supports timeouts for http .
stores a record id for a resource in a session
returns a hashdigest of path .
returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators .
computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 .
generates chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of degree n in x .
indicate that columns within the given deferred group name should be undeferred .
this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited .
apply image adjustments one by one and return a modified image .
location names need to match what we have already
return a list of dictionaries , one for each thumbnail belonging to the source image .
deal with horizontal shift of the viewport .
install one app , without saving .
provides access to a static selectionmodel instance .
ensure the specified policy is set name the name of a single policy to configure setting the configuration setting for the single named policy if this argument is used the computer _ policy / user _ policy arguments will be ignored policy _ class the policy class of the single named policy to configure this can " machine " , " user " , or " both " computer _ policy a dict of policyname : value pairs of a set of computer policies to configure if this argument is used , the name / setting / policy _ class arguments will be ignored user _ policy a dict of policyname : value pairs of a set of user policies to configure if this argument is used , the name / setting / policy _ class arguments will be ignored cumulative _ rights _ assignments determine if any user right assignment policies specified will be cumulative or explicit adml _ language the adml language to use for amdx policy data / display conversions
gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration _ id of user with given user _ id .
marks a certain configuration as deprecated .
list all workflow designs .
python version idempotent
returns the ip address contained in the http _ x _ real _ ip headers , if present .
flip the image vertically .
add to the attribute dictionary .
adds hook to bind cli arguments to resourcemanager calls .
return the tutte graph .
returns base lun name for lun / snapcopy lun .
get all available regions for the amazon s3 service .
return a function object from a function source
load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
restful crud controller - unfiltered version
search for all the python related files , and construct the pythonxx . zip
schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c { ms } milliseconds , and initialize pyui with the specified arguments .
return chunks of n length of iterable .
it automatically converts the url to link , image , video or audio tag
delete a value from a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
convert qos specs query results to list .
given a path , return a dict listing the total available space as well as the free space , and used space .
make sure the directory for | path | exists .
raises imagevalidationerror if the server should refuse to use this uploaded file as the source image for a users profile image .
search and replace for expressions in files
return for a frame kind is one of " exec " , " module " , " class " , " function call " , or " unknown " .
restful crud controller
wraps an apply method to allow its iterative application .
treat each container as an environment
parameter _ type _ list : parameter _ list comma ellipsis
clone existing prefix1 into new prefix2
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
unlike the standard assertraises , this checks that a function raises a specific class of exception , and not a subclass .
build an image encoded in base64 .
run system command , returns exit - code and stdout
ensure the named sqs queue is deleted .
test common spatial patterns algorithm using regularized covariance .
n is the number of neurons in the fully - connected layer .
updates event based on passed field _ map
register each callback with the event .
creates an approval with raw access .
retrieves all bears and requests missing settings via the given acquire _ settings method .
saves video module with updated values of fields .
wait to see create table output .
bytes _ to _ long : long
return true if obj is unicode
http user - agent header string derived from version , used by various http requests sent to learningequality . org for stats
dumps the contents of a database to a set of csv files .
a filter to apply to the results of a relationship query returns the object of the relationship .
creates a formatter of type type .
returns a parsed version of pythons sys . version as tuple referring to the python implementation name , version , branch , revision , build number , build date / time as string and the compiler identification string .
ensure that the user is a logged - in staff member .
write the theme xml .
get the id associated with this name
pad vector x .
add side point along with the closest removed endpoint to the path , with minimal twisting .
n - dimensional laplace filter based on approximate second derivatives .
list all keys .
retrieve the correct module implementation determined by the backend being used .
get a free ip range , from parent _ range , of the specified size .
approximation of the breakdown point .
sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
returns a mapping containing an install scheme .
solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha ^ x .
adds prefixes to the key
fetch the module and number instances given their indexes .
classify the answer using the string classifier .
query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector .
update one or several pecl extensions .
gets current config / state of interface
delete a flavor from nova by id
returns a queue object
get the current system logger using config settings .
the equations are . .
reads an image from file .
save an array as an image .
get the plugins directory path .
progressively return chunks from file .
this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads
add an arbitrary factor potential to the model likelihood
convert c to an rgba color .
iterates over a raf file , returning a seqmap object for each line in the file .
helper function for photo file
return the joyent data center to use , in this order : - cli parameter - vm parameter - cloud profile setting
this function calculates the angle of deviation of a ray due to refraction at planar surface .
this tests the memory for read and write operations .
bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion
convert sdk struct type into dictionary .
doc is the already - handled document ; here we add ins _ chunks to the end of that .
test for s3migrate ( ) . migrate _ to _ unique _ field function
given a datatuple of , sends each message to each recipient list .
a profiling context manager .
convert task to dict for json rendering .
extends a codon list to include all possible ambigous codons .
add a new variable to theano . config
add webassets to jinja2 extensions in pelican settings .
returns true if value is a hexidecimal string , otherwise returns false
request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
custom output to place inside a map popup - called from postp of human _ resource controller
returns pre / post snapshots made by a given salt jid
saves the command line options to a sqlmap configuration ini file
returns filtered page content without script , style and / or comments or all html tags > > > getfilteredpagecontent ufoobar test
converts a string argument to a unicode string .
money flow index
emulate sqlobjects and .
convert a matplotlib figure to vega dictionary if notebook = true , then return an object which will display in a notebook otherwise , return an html string .
generate the mnist + dataset .
a simple tls 1 . 0 context .
returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value , or the value itself if it is in args .
checks whether the following properties of two results match : origin message severity debug _ msg
split up collection into collection .
define a volume based on the xml passed to the function
return all defined networks .
test a user starting to follow a dataset via the api .
returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port .
cantor - zassenhaus : probabilistic equal degree factorization
used by dict _ key _ matches , matching the prefix to a list of keys
sets the login view for the app or blueprint .
install some given source code as the letsencrypt - auto script at the root level of a virtualenv .
return whether a file : / / link points to a directory .
splits message into chops that are at most as long as n , converts these into integers , and calls funcref for each chop .
a with - context that creates a temporary file and returns its path .
bind 2 layers on some specific fields values
set the path value in the global variable " repodir " .
presents the user with a prompt and a number of options .
tests that the sample mean converges to the conditional expectation given by the function tests that p really is the max of the samples tests that at most one h in a group is on
scan all files in the given directory and decide on an artist , album and year based on the metadata .
remove a security group from a server .
fixture to return a valid template _ name .
list scsi devices
generate bezier curve coordinates .
returns the word of the day .
tie correction factor for ties in the mann - whitney u and
given a queryset of django users , extracts id , username , and is _ anonymous data .
save cifar - 10 dataset as png files
process the xml element .
attempt to emulate excels default conversion from number to string .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
make sure config file with username / password exists
get the current log entry for this asset
uses ast to find globals in an ast tree
text input from the irc and rss bots .
manages the communication between this process and the worker processes .
convert a path to its canonical , case - normalized , absolute version .
test whether filename matches pattern .
retrieve all host groups .
update grimoire collections .
mark option key as deprecated , if code attempts to access this option , a warning will be produced , using msg if given , or a default message if not .
seeks and removes all object permissions entries pointing at non - existing targets .
compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch .
convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method .
key binding handler for readline - style tab completion .
take a list of stylesheet names and return appropriate string of link tags .
bilogistic model of coles and tawn 1994 , joe , smith and weissman 1992 restrictions : - in ^ 2 or - in ^ 2 not vectorized because of numerical integration
get path from prefix and xml element .
define a l2 regularizer .
this function validates parameters for system and user - defined triggers .
decoder doing html unescaping .
compares attribute values of two queryresult objects .
logs into your gmail account with your full email address
return a value suitable for generating an xml child node on export .
execute celery tasks .
calculate the ceres residuals ( conditional expectation partial
return trailing coefficient of f .
reset working tree to the current revision of the branch .
used to return whether course has shibboleth as the enrollment domain
obtain a new instance of the
update a metadef property
squeezing operation : reshape to convert space to channels .
assuming that substructure is a possibly nested dictionary , return a new dictionary with the same keys as substructure , but extract the leaf values from base .
binarize labels in a one - vs - all fashion
verify that item is none
get the plugins directory path .
verify that the named files exist and are owned by the named user
styles a text with ansi styles and returns the new string .
compute tapered spectra .
check for differences in the updatable values .
plot the amplitude traces of a set of dipoles .
return a full normalized file path for the provided path string .
check if centers is compatible with x and n _ centers
get datastores matching the given storage policy .
the default value should always be a valid choice .
unpack variables from a list or tuple .
uploads a file to bokeh - travis s3 bucket .
ajax view to return the localized text for geoip locale change suggestion .
disassociate a floating ip from a fixed ip by address .
returns an ordereddict that maps a scorable blocks id to its headers in the final report .
test io with complex data types .
fixture to provide a test instance of hass .
tries to match on any marker names , attached to the given colitem .
expression : name
checks if the given password is the owner password of the file
given an dictionnary fields , returns a list of the fields .
returns a temporary directory .
delete instance _ type information from instances system _ metadata by prefix .
manage the sending of authentication traps .
run the command specified by the passed positional arguments , optionally configured by the passed keyword arguments .
make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded .
decorator to attach original classs docstring to the wrapped method .
displays all alleyoop compatible workflows
fast embl to fasta .
gpu convolution using cudnn from nvidia .
returns the template processing context to use for the current request , or returns none if there is not a current request .
lagrange multiplier tests for autocorrelation
rolling back to zero - state , so remove all currently - defined configurations
prepare collection provided by edx - notes - api for rendering in a template : add information about ancestor blocks , convert " updated " to date
apply python string formatting on an object : . .
on some linux version , write - only pipe are detected as readable .
decodes a basic entry such as : 6 lobster cake or 6 cakes
create a menu action with the specified criteria and action
this endpoint is active when schema _ endpoint ! = none .
converts the png file at filepath to a data url .
return string output for the sql to be run
authentication handler that checks against djangos auth database .
generate the paths for tftp files for this instance
a first component , which gets called " setup - like " .
return list of detected drives
notification response section 9 . 1 . 21d
try to convert to int , if it fails , the default will be returned
creates an sftp connection from a flexget config object
a generator that yields all available data in the given buffer .
partial autocorrelation estimated
check if a particular event _ type has been opted - out of .
decides which pagination method to use and returns the log entries .
for non - critical informative / status output to stderr .
returns a dictionary mapping of job names together with their respective application class .
return the fingerprint for an ssh public key
return a list of refs that can be used as environments
perform an ns record lookup .
publish real - time updates via redis
change the username for a named user
just for verify website owner here .
build a genbank / embl position string .
query a resource , and decode the return data . .
set the users password
convert central to non - central moments , uses recursive formula optionally adjusts first moment to return mean
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
creates a " singleton " manager to communicate with a local virtualbox hypervisor .
provides a context manager that starts capturing output . .
write a individual file patch .
get the m format key string from row & column , counting from one .
delete an rds subnet group .
this function allows logging in without a password on the zulip mobile apps when connecting to a zulip development environment .
convert the value into an integer .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
perform a morphological reconstruction of an image .
this helper function is designed for use in the filter argument of collect _ submodules , by returning true if the given name is a module or a submodule of mod _ or _ submod .
get the float , replacing commas if necessary because an inferior program is using a comma instead of a point for the decimal point .
return a boolean value that indicates whether or not a given string is present in any of the strings which comprise a list
creates a new virtual machine snapshot from the provided vm .
a view that is requested with get and accesses request . body .
call me before using any of the tables or classes in the model
a single character is returned as - is .
return the list of objects that are followed by the given user .
makes sure that zfs kernel module is loaded .
convert a namespace ordinal to a namespace string .
import a workflow contained in an installed tool shed repository into galaxy .
the continuation : display dots before all the following lines .
translate an application error to a channel error , if possible .
return a marked - up chunk of content containing the items in the template context , if settings . debug is true .
returns the network device chassis model .
set a service in critical state
set up & run a publisher to render from an existing document tree data structure , for programmatic use with string i / o .
returns a checkpassword function which checks credentials against a dictionary of the form : { username : password } .
check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info
weighted cross - entropy loss for a sequence of logits , batch - collapsed .
only work on systems that have been booted with systemd
check if theres any setattr method inside an instance .
construct digitizer info for the info .
binds a server socket to an available port on localhost .
take strings from an iterator and pass them to a writer function .
configures the learning rate .
send pending sms messages
escape special characters from a command so that it can be passed as a double quoted string in a sh command .
calculates the levenshtein distance between a and b .
generate a table of contents from files in the book .
return the user config as a dict .
return color depending on value type
get and add an indexed grid .
deletes memcache items and times them .
slices illumina sequence and quality line based on quality filter
thin wrapper to lxc . init to be used from the saltcloud lxc driver name
gets the path to a localizable document in the current language with fallback to en - us .
load a trained model for decoding
compile one or more source files .
return the num - th fibonacci number , and the time it took to compute in seconds .
rationalize num / den by removing square roots in the denominator ; num and den are sum of terms whose squares are rationals
creating new membership with associated user .
gets the machine key to be used for metrics uploaded from this process .
create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag , and whose attributes are all key / value pairs in the received attributes and sub _ elements .
simple euler integration step that extends streamline to boundary .
true if process pid exists and is not yet stuck in zombie state .
pick channels from evoked data .
checks to see if property is specified in options .
restful crud controller
stacks resnet blocks and controls output feature density .
check whether obj is a corpus .
reassign cluster numbers .
print a list of changesets
yields the prime factors of the integer n .
adds gae sdk path to system path and appends it to the google path if that already exists .
find synchronisation bits
create a topic .
multivariate series expansion of the nth root of p .
returns the results for the lag length that maximizes the info criterion .
builds an icc transform mapping from the inputprofile to the outputprofile , but tries to simulate the result that would be obtained on the proofprofile device .
returns true if given stream is valid json .
return the time in seconds since the epoch , given the timestring representing the " notbefore " or " notafter " date from a certificate in " % b % d % h : % m : % s % y % z " strptime format .
convert an ldap formatted value to python type used by openstack .
create a topic name .
reboots the device to the bootloader .
return list of active servers
takes in strings a and b and returns a human - readable html diff .
returns the http _ proxy _ url if proxy _ username , proxy _ password , proxy _ host , and proxy _ port config values are set .
invalidates the hash for a suffix _ dir in the partitions hashes file .
emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
assert that the currently logged in user is a system administrator .
return a xs : datetime parsable string from datatime .
register distribution _ finder to find distributions in sys . path items importer _ type is the type or class of a pep 302 " importer " , and distribution _ finder is a callable that , passed a path item and the importer instance , yields distribution instances found on that path item .
cache a local file on the minion in the localfiles cache
add one or more tags to a server .
return a numpy array where each row is the word - indexes for each sentence
build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type .
ensure an apache conf is disabled .
get the _ _ version _ _ reading the file : works both in python 2 . x and 3 . x , whereas direct importing would break in python 3 . x with a syntax error
get a height x width size that will fit n _ tiles tiles .
get view builder
consul object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
helper for : meth : pull , et aliae
compute a simple cross - tabulation of two factors .
default datalist item renderer for experience on the hrm profile
zero - one classification loss .
fits an ols from statsmodels .
plot evoked data using butteryfly plots .
lookup an organisation
delete the search indexes storage file at the given path .
destroy the cluster or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
returns current i3 mode
returns web2py execution environment for application ( a ) , controller ( c ) , function ( f ) .
returns true if slug is valid .
given a string response from sesame , parse out the coordinates by looking for a line starting with a j , meaning icrs j2000 coordinates .
display the request users favorites .
applies batch normalization on x given mean , var , beta and gamma : output = / ( sqrt + epsilon ) * gamma + beta # returns
update a nested dictionary or similar mapping .
encoded string - > unicode string
determine the most appropriate time unit for an array of time durations specified in seconds .
credential key repository is empty .
no _ copy fields also get copied .
turn a plain - text password into a hash for database storage
send an mattermost message with the data
return an orm result as an iterator .
expand public ip block to show all addresses
return the default list used for the required _ together argument to
checks if there is an open connection from the minion to the defined host on a specific port .
convert a simple coordinate to a position .
check that there is a matching role in the cred dict .
print the system information for debugging .
get publisher driver and load it .
increment an index * val * .
returns the % g + c content in a passed sequence .
process the requirements argument
pressing v in navigation mode will open the buffer in an external editor .
given an identity pool name ,
returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
return predefined results for command execution .
returns the full content type string with charset for a mimetype .
returns an iterable of key - value - pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form .
just for debian - based systems like kali and ubuntu
helper to get the gl version string
solve multivariate linear model y = x * params where y is dependent variables , x is independent variables
on balance volume
create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset _ id derived from the given blockdevice _ id .
returns a url used to flag an object .
create an alias for a specific index / indices
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
get an individual dmi string from smbios info string
return a tuple for all locale directories , optionally including the django core catalog .
converts a posix / strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ with _ context _ _ doc _ _
extract an ordered integer array of unique labels
run the given applescript and return the standard output and error .
perform basic indexing on the given array .
like _ simplesizer except for a fixed - size field .
handle a feature permission request .
this handler disables request signing by setting the signer name to a special sentinel value .
return the aparc + aseg . mgz file
a simple one .
add the makespec options to a option - parser instance or a option group .
compute ssp / pca projections for ecg artifacts .
execute the given json - rpc request on the given target object and return the json - rpc response , as a dict
rebuild all translation files : [ app ] / translations / [ lang ] . csv .
assign val to the correct subfield of value _ pb .
used to make sure the minion is up and responding .
update imported files for version
apply the given window to the given 1d or 2d array along the given axis .
a wrapper for pythons urllib . unquote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on the result of django . utils . http . urlquote _ plus ( ) .
calculates kendalls tau , a correlation measure for ordinal data .
template settings for delphi decision maker URL
dumb msg into the debug file .
wrap a readable iterator with a reader yielding chunks of a preferred size , otherwise leave iterator unchanged .
return the date formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
copy distribution files in link _ path to location .
list installed bower packages .
determines whether a response should be retried .
a framework name can take one of the following four forms :
prepend custom autojump _ bin _ dir definition to autojump . lua
get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [ 1 ] _ .
osx uses a normal path .
returns the set of targets that require a build .
standard filter factory to use the middleware with paste . deploy
delete virtual interface records that are associated with the instance given by instance _ id .
adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified group .
make sure that a gem is installed .
dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths using bidirectional search .
create a thread .
read all multipart parts into entity . parts .
return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs .
register all messages that the specified package depends on .
unpickle and convert saved search form variables into a human - readable html .
registers a flag whose value is a comma - separated list of strings .
send a specific function to the mine .
authentication complete view
return a sorted list of episodes of the given series , considering only the specified season ( s ) .
create and attach volumes to created node
return the multicast mac address associated with provided
returns a utc timestamp for a c { datetime . datetime } object .
given a course _ id and thread _ id flag this thread for abuse ajax only
query the uri
check that the provided user has specified permission .
pretty print a sequence of data items
returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
parse url into mapping of components .
sends an email to the purchaser of the app .
cleverer bit manipulation .
require a member user .
post a comment .
unescapes a string that may contain commas , tabs , newlines and dashes
executes the passed command .
fail if the floating point values are not close enough , with the given message .
things to set up later , once we know coverage is running .
enable tracing of app instances .
converts an unload hook into an application processor .
reply to a thread .
returns f ( x ) or default .
use numpy to find the common dtype for a list of columns .
get a clipped loop path .
delete a check on a given url
return getlasterror response as a dict , or raise operationfailure .
tries to create the lockfile , using o _ excl to prevent races .
internal helper function .
show a chain of object references .
update the glance metadata from a volume by copying all of the key : value pairs from the originating snapshot .
start the wizard to create a new plugin in the current working directory .
create a network from the values dict .
restful crud controller
reload style library .
return the alignment error rate of an alignment with respect to a " gold standard " reference alignment .
split the file specified by name at the position specified by loc _ or _ xpath .
create a new figure manager instance
sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
bsd specific calls ( should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd : URL URL
inquire whether file a was written since file b .
create and return a countgraph .
this gives admins the ability to kickban a user .
if auth _ entry is found in auth _ entry _ custom , this is used to send provider data to an external servers registration / login page .
retrieve the output of a boolean based sql query
returns an iterator over the simple moving average of the given list of values .
return a qpainterpath styled to indicate a disabled link .
create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance , using established : func : . relationship ( ) configuration .
return a bytearray of a bytewise xor of aa and bb .
iterates over files in a given directory , providing filenames with a certain suffix .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a bandstop filter .
compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices .
create and validate a docker - compose file into a directory path
overwrite or make config . json
given python code for a function body , return a compiled callable that invokes that code .
delete a single vm
return user profile
uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production
set pyos _ inputhook to null and return the previous one
vectorized anderson darling a ^ 2 , stephens 1974
convert path into posix path :
return the topic for a resource type .
object tree path
return a datetime object indicating when an access token should expire .
start the named container .
smart chunking to avoid memory overload .
writes a model metadata bundle into new directory target from metadata .
destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
parse http range header .
encoder using sha512 .
mesa adaptive moving average
return what services are set to run on boot . .
enable the distributions proposed updates repository .
coerce a failure to an _ exc _ info , if err is a failure .
set the to value of spans if empty and sort them chronologically .
verifies signed using key ekey , working modulo n
return a fully saturated color with the same hue .
return the inverse discrete sine transform of an arbitrary type sequence .
m = import _ submodule
declaration _ specifiers : type _ specifier
sets the vlanid state to be unused
get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
hash keys when talking directly to the cache api , to avoid keys longer than the backend supports
takes a trained theta and a test data set , and returns the predicted labels for each example
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
this is more documentation for myself than useful code .
register for an event notification .
dump message state to stdout or file .
make all links in the document absolute , given the base _ url for the document
return a python object compiled from a string .
return a composites dictionary .
run command with arguments .
provides the memory usage in bytes for the given process .
lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
validates the inputted dataframe or list
return solution to f if it is a lambert - type expression else raise notimplementederror .
generate alternative interpretations of a source distro name
dumps the given exception using pickle
given a list of exploration ids , optionally filters the list for explorations that are currently non - private and not deleted , and returns a list of dicts of the corresponding exploration summaries .
convert the background image to jpg to reduce the file size
register language support with the manager .
cumulative distribution for the lomb - scargle periodogram
returns a list of supported formats for unpacking .
disable a service
does a binary exist in linux
deserialize a stream or string of yaml data .
return events to mongodb server
retrieve field list for a given table
decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey , working modulo n
show the details of an existing health check .
update default configuration options for oslo . middleware .
returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select _ related ( ) purposes .
convert rfc 2822 defined time string into system timestamp
return value of homogenous gaussian at given vector point x : vector , mean : vector , stddev : scalar
create a timegrouper and return our resampler
a decorator that prints out any errors that are not
convert x to a dataframe where x is a string in the format given by x - 13arima - seats output .
extract source form a patched ast node with sorted _ children field
start the twisted reactor in a separate thread , if not already done .
return the categories as a tree .
load little - endian 32 - bit integer
creates wrapper for ssh to pass custom known hosts and key .
load pickled pandas object from the specified file path
list all of the files stored on the master
same as check _ required but returns false if not all commands exist
convert other to decimal .
add metadata to formatted correlation output lines .
given an object , and an attribute name , return that attribute on the object .
return true if residue object / string is an amino acid .
convert continuous line to pre - steps .
creates new playlist using backend appropriate for the given tracks
get voronoi loop enclosing the inside .
return the contents of the specified users incrontab
replace consecutive crs and / or lfs with single crlfs .
require the special templates language .
sends a notification event on a topic .
runs the bulkloader , given the command line options .
create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger _ type definition as dict .
retrieve last lines seen for path .
set global logging level .
translate an application error to a channel error , if possible .
tests to see if path is a valid directory .
get id of an annotation .
create an sr that looks like the one created on the local disk by default by the xenserver installer .
tries to get the profile according to the class configured on auth _ profile _ module
returns true or false if parenthesis expression passed is matching
get the number of sockets inherited from systemd socket activation .
sys _ uptime is in hundredths of seconds returns a float
convenience function for taking a list of content ids and returning all associated youtube _ ids for downloads , regardless of whether the input paths are paths for content nodes or topic nodes
return the first match from the given raidcom command output .
checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
filter out disabled xblocks from the provided list of xblock names .
given a domain name , check to see if the given domain exists .
change the owning uid and gid of this process .
collect and run tests in a single module only .
plot 4 histograms and a text annotation .
determine whether the named distribution is a version of centos or rhel .
returns the customary display name in the given langauge for the given territory the given phonenumber object is from .
convert a location name for use in a path : replace : with / .
a view that uses test client to call another view .
sets up and starts / restarts the web service .
ensure that the marathon app with the given id is not present .
return the id
write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate vectorwrite is selected .
create a small pg data directory - alike
return all non - negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation : : n * k _ n + . . .
delete a collection item from database
ensure that everything loads correctly .
display nipype crash files .
converts an rgb string into a tuple of ints .
deserialize any string or stream like object into a python data structure .
execute a test suite .
this method takes a request dict and creates an awsrequest object from it .
return a string that encodes template _ name and context
the ramp activation function .
returns a copy of an array with all elements of the main diagonal set to a specified scalar value .
text may be a multiline string ; extract only the line containing the given character index .
retrieve the output of a sql query taking advantage of the dns resolution mechanism by making request back to attackers machine .
parse a string referring to a reference .
the error code is returned in the last argument , by reference .
add to the name path dictionary .
returns the given language module .
make sure the ignored updates are not ignored anymore , returns a list of the updates that are no longer ignored .
like scoreatpercentile but can take and return array of percentiles .
serialize an element and its child nodes to a string
returns or sets the currently defined default ruby ruby
create results file for storing results of running in a multiple target mode .
write the named file , by default the first file found is written , but the index of the file can be specified to write to a lower priority file root
take a dictionary of { long _ name : values } , and join the values .
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
append password switch to commandline .
show global settings
convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime object .
delete recurring jobs .
gets the id of the default domain to use when creating identity objects .
multiplies two matrices by multiplying each row with each column at a time .
transform a totalresult to a json - serializable python dictionary .
check if ethernet device exists .
get a list of apps both remote and local
returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int .
set the expiration date for a user account .
creates classes for the link _ to calls
make sure the fake clipboard will be used .
returns the right class for a given bgp message .
serialize obj using format and return its string representation and the used serialization format .
with a list of decorators , and the object it is running on , set the
find and return a name from a contextstack instance .
useful for comparing an expected list of links against pyquery elements .
get function - like callable object for given receiver returns
handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring .
gets the parent and child classes and returns foreign keys to both tables .
assert that the list of provided steps are the same .
take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm _ .
calculates the cumulative score of the given modules
get all group types .
sets the global options used as defaults for web server execution .
get the list of callback / errback pairs from the user .
jacobian matrix for the solow model .
recursively look up all grains in the metadata server
restful crud controller
create a new cluster module : ansiblemodule object redshift : authenticated redshift connection object
render generated constant files from templates
transposes an operator .
set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i / o .
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to write .
defragment only one btrfs mountpoint .
format a float to a precision of 3 , without zeroes or dots
find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
return the path for a file in the same dir as a given reference file .
returns a list of tuples .
find a room by name and return it .
return the list of country codes from the country codes vocabulary .
restore all rc params to original settings .
import and return * module _ name * .
train the network for num _ epochs on training _ set _ size images , and store the results in filename .
set the limit on the prefix length for all banana connections established after this call .
utility function that returns the leaves of a search through consecutive view _ map ( ) s .
return an addressable attribute for serializable classes .
convert a failure to a json - serializable data structure .
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . run _ stderr inside a container context container container id cmd command to execute . .
tries to determine the libc version that the file executable is linked against .
computes the barycenter weighted graph of k - neighbors for points in x
serve a static resource from the given filename .
test xunit doc xml output
shows all http error codes raised till now
check for assertequal , assertequal , assertequal or assertequal sentences
decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data
quotes a url if it isnt already quoted .
open a bgzf file for reading , writing or appending .
get information about all instances for the given cluster .
time - frequency representation using stockwell transform .
sets a given directory to a created , but empty state
monkey - patch urllib3 with pyopenssl - backed ssl - support .
returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible .
strip a list of files
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . template . loader . render _ to _ string ( ) with the passed arguments .
update the active status for the volunteer - called both onaccept & ondelete
add linear operators .
create a twisted client endpoint for a wamp - over - xxx transport .
parses the services dict to get the proper endpoint for the given service .
entry point for bin / * scripts
returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console .
upgrade the eden code
display a dialog asking the user for select a folder .
lock a file ; if it is already locked , then wait for it to become available before locking it .
factory function for connections . connection .
julian calendar date for the given julian date .
return the addresses associated to each nic installed on the system as a dictionary whose keys are the
uses ifconfig to return a dictionary of interfaces with various information about each
return full path to the user - specific data dir for this application .
it opens a centered popup .
remove the key from the cache bank with all the key content .
given a hex - encoded build id , return the path to an elf with that build id only the local system .
create new report based on user choice
convert a tuple string into a tuple with some security checks .
scan a list of company names , searching for best matches against the given name .
expand both environment variables and user home in the given path .
decode the given pdf name
wraps the lowlevel rtlgetversion routine .
determine the parameters to use for a device
finds the aggregate distance between elements of cluster1 and elements of cluster2
checks if the game is currently using a given database .
construct a sparse matrix from diagonals .
recursively extract consecutive case statements that are made nested by the parser and add them to the stmts _ list .
load appropriate library / include settings from zmq prefix
take a list of exit codes , if at least one of them is not 0 , then return that number .
mark key as disabled .
use this factory method to get drone objects .
remove previous like
decorator which causes a cookie to be renewed when an accessor method is called .
zero at all illegal moves , one at all legal moves .
returns true iff the given discussion _ id is accessible for user in course .
test version of execute on non - node manager platform .
categorize datastore rpcs by entity kind and other information .
approve a comment .
present a gui for cloning a repository .
generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix .
compare software package versions
extract resource _ id from hbase tuple record .
retrieves project name for given project id
express n in at least d binary digits , with no special prefix .
enable beacon on the minion
check providers for details on wanted episodes
make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names .
decorator that adds the necessary locking and post - processing to manipulate the sessions document .
return path to the directory that contains calibre - portable . exe or none
modify an existing profile .
function that will translate common strings into bool values
outputs the given text _ object and its children hierarchically .
validates the checksum of an nmea sentence .
register target for changes in the config var named by section and name .
test subunit output with one error
tests that exactly n items in an iterable are " truthy " ( neither none ,
yield a tuple of for each field in node . _ fields that is present on * node * .
find alpha that satisfies strong wolfe conditions .
returns a context manager lock based on network _ id .
finds msvs _ system _ include _ dirs that are common to all targets , removes them from all targets , and returns an orderedset containing them .
performs radar search for places .
makes a pretty name for a function / method .
send an sms
test automatic use of tight _ layout
dummy celery task to check that everything runs smoothly .
return a sqlalchemy session .
return a fixed - offset timezone based off a number of minutes .
calculates the spearmans rho correlation coefficient given the * worder * list of word alignment from word _ rank _ alignment ( ) , using the formula : rho = 1 - sum / choose ( len + 1 , 3 )
creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
helper function for : func : gcd _ terms .
concatenated rectified linear unit function .
return the commit id for the given name .
return the status for a service via rest _ sample , returns a bool whether the service is running .
create and return a temporary file .
get list of files and call processing function .
creates an email with a random subject
lay out child components in a single vertical row .
temporarily change the seed of the random number generator .
return the hash digest of a file .
convert long to digest
classify 10000 positive and negative tweets using vader approach .
enable / disable inheritance on an object
get the numba type of a python value for the given purpose .
function to read large chunks of data windows - friendly .
return a list of salt queues on the salt master
return string representation of broadcastable .
works exactly like the unix command which
this decodes an integer according to the wacky integer encoding rules defined in the hpack spec .
shuffles the input data and splits it into a new set of images .
changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
use the selectcommitsdialog to select commits from a list .
regression test for # 1244
this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment .
determine if the text of a docker 500 error represents a case which warrants an automatic retry .
compute sensitivity map .
returns a valid rgba tuple .
converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge
attempts to find given project on ohloh and adds metadata about the project
finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes .
returns the contents of the logs buffer .
stop cgconfig service
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of lists of complex points .
this function checks if the outputs of specific ops of a compiled graph have a stack .
queues a system email for a password change notification .
we may exit the program at any time .
connect all the signals on entry model .
test maxwell filter cross - talk cancellation .
calculate the checksum for a members header by summing up all characters except for the chksum field which is treated as if it was filled with spaces .
used for image fields to create a sane default .
test must raise one of expected exceptions to pass .
return interface version .
register the various idatasetform instances .
additional data for macos systems
return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter .
creates a mime email message .
performs binary search on an array with the given item and returns true or
takes color ( s ) and a function and applies the function on the color ( s )
strips html markup from text
recursively gets all data from tree nodes
this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
return a filename which is the same as c { originalfilename } except for the extension , which is replaced with c { outputextension } .
open the input file , return the hdulist and the extension .
get the abs .
spawn a new list stream
require a deb package to be installed .
packs an integer property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
multiply a signature by a monomial .
rotate image by a certain angle around its center .
get the lists as one concatenated list .
create upload url for post form .
check if a string is a valid hex sha string .
return arp _ cache information from osquery
this function will log all un - handled python exceptions .
return is _ public boolean value of volume type
returns true as long as the segment is internally consistent .
ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not .
produce a : class : . columnclause object that has the
calculates r = a ^ p mod n
solve a trust - region problem arising in least - squares minimization .
callback to parse a comma - separated list of cleanup constants .
disable insecure ssl ciphers on old qt versions .
compares two basic blocks and finds all the constants that differ from the first block to the second .
factory method that creates a capturesignals with all osf signals .
decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled , redirecting to the log - in page if necessary .
multiply * val * by the constant * factor * .
recursively wrap values that should be wrapped .
restful crud controller
create a media for a certain file path .
helper function for pretty - printing any attrdict object .
drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
pop a value from the minion datastore . .
ensure that a cib - file is pushed if it is changed since the creation of it with pcs . cib _ present
returns failure and changes is not empty .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted in reverse order by the property given in the argument .
parse the jp2 header box to extract size , component count and color space information , returning a pil tuple .
comparison : comparison plus comparison | comparison minus comparison | comparison mult comparison | comparison div comparison | comparison lt comparison | comparison eq comparison | comparison gt comparison | plus comparison | minus comparison | power
mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde
convert a parameter to float or float array
coerce ascii - only byte strings into unicode for python 2 .
update many task statuses at once .
truncate a string at index and add . . .
return a random maximal independent set guaranteed to contain a given set of nodes .
modify logged - in users setting for receiving emails from a course .
fakes the file size and properties fetch for the image file .
removes item from l .
called in main extension script to actually get a usable session
return true if expr is a sqrt , otherwise false .
return a 400 bad request error .
returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x
convert range to the " ed " format
softmax activation function
checks barcodes of same length for duplicates , adds to errors if found header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data errors : list of errors
return a new client object to a glance server .
call f on each item in seq , calling inter ( ) in between .
get credit eligibility requirements of a given course and namespace .
render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale .
change pairevtwaits dummy return value after it is called .
standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters .
return true if filename is python file .
initialize the inter - mapper relationships of all mappers that have been constructed thus far .
subtract sinusoids from a sound x : input sound , n : fft - size , h : hop - size sfreq , smag , sphase : sinusoidal frequencies , magnitudes and phases returns xr : residual sound
add single entry to schemaentries by invoking add _ entry .
detect if we are running in a gtk - based desktop
return course update item as a dictionary with required keys .
updates a users preference for receiving org - wide emails .
load the committee data and returns a data class .
process the xml element by derivation .
tries to discover the svn version for a file .
compute field coefficients .
convenience accessor for getting univention . admin . objects .
determine text info for the given path .
convert logrecord serializable .
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi episodes .
based on the configuration wrap app in a set of common and useful middleware .
attach a volume .
compute the out - degree centrality for nodes .
callback decorator to require http auth .
generate url from component parts .
calculates percentage of sequences with duplicate labels fasta _ labels : list of fasta labels
write a batch to an lmdb database
import into mysql any . dat files located in folder .
creates the extension setting for a list of feed items .
load individual columns into named tuples using the orm .
give a list of pages which user can view .
make an edited notification email for first - time editors
retrieve servers networking information from neutron if enabled .
generate the data necessary to bind to the specified interface .
reorder the elements of a time - varying vector where all non - missing values are in the first elements of the vector .
thin wrapper around lxmls rewrite _ links ( ) that prevents extra html markup from being produced when theres no root tag present in the input html .
validates a device name for instance .
create a filer image from the given data string .
ask a yes / no question via raw _ input ( ) and return their answer .
print the message and the tensor when evaluated and return the same tensor .
create a single vm from a data dict
returns jsonschema for nested objects within schema
frees a reserved address range from a virtual network .
alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
convert the output of l { picklestringi } into an appropriate type for the current python version .
helper to call setallowedmodule , after special - casing django .
retrieves information for a given virtual machine .
decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration .
add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget
take inp as if it were http - speak being received on host : port , and parse it into a wsgi - ok environment dictionary .
configure the opengl fog properties .
log backported versioned objects .
compute the linear collocation potential solution .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation
you cant change a pootle _ path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa
perform an axfr record lookup .
redirects to the appropriate / datasets / or / models / page
a bytes version of tempfile . gettempdir ( ) .
reduces expression by combining powers with similar bases and exponents .
return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
a function to connect to a bigip device and delete an existing transaction .
get open count for given transactions and filters
read mnist images from the original ubyte file format .
known valid names of schemas are : - image - images - member - members
returns the module name for a service
derives a pep386 - compliant version number from version .
return a function with reversed argument order .
return a list of supported arches for the given major , minor and machine architecture of an macos machine .
the restful handler for requests for xblock information about the block and its children .
listen to salt events and forward them to logstash via http .
a helper for defining float options .
assertraises that is usable as context manager or in a with statement
write a value to a gpio .
run post - renewal hook if defined .
decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
sum a rapidly convergent infinite hypergeometric series with given general term , e . g . e = hypsum ( 1 / factorial ( n ) , n ) .
extract coords from appropriate columns and attach their corresponding colors based on the group
return fixed source code .
find the first blank line and drop the headers to keep the body
send the given fake keys to qutebrowser .
quickly mark a revision as no longer needing a particular type of review .
compatibility wrapper to help migrate acl syntax from version 1 to 2 .
adds tools to the plot object
copy data from file - like object fsrc to file - like object fdst
add a reactor object to the process manager
get path to local copy of megsim dataset type .
implements displaying part of a file .
compute the match strength of a set of strings on the target set of strings .
this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip
determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment .
same args as unsubscribe _ mailchimp , used to have the task be run asynchronously
find a fk
returns the current active catalog for further processing .
returns generator yielding marked up from / to side by side differences .
like numpy asfarray , except that it does not modify x dtype if x is already an array with a float dtype , and do not cast complex types to real .
lowercase the provided value .
get the complex where the carve intersects the edge .
get the icondata for object .
ensure arg is a list of strings
connect to aws lambda
fab - h username @ host notify : appname
write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
updates the first _ published _ msec field for an activity .
copies an ami module : ansiblemodule object ec2 : ec2 connection object
returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
delete an existing node .
helper function to compute the output size of a convolution operation
use a lexical closure to make a controlled gate .
convert the input to a properly typed numpy value according to the current casting policy .
convert a streamed corpus into a sparse matrix , in scipy . sparse . csc _ matrix format , with documents as columns .
this dataset is two lines with a slope ~ 1 , where one has a y offset of ~ 100
return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type _ pattern and filter .
display the outset dialog .
calculate and save the kb contributor counts .
returns true if the first user follows the second , false otherwise .
get a compute node by its id .
skip decorated test if condition is true , add client _ skip decorator .
add extra mimetypes .
parse the bt home hub 5 data format .
remove a whole series name from database .
convert a many - to - one mapping to a one - to - one mapping
parse an ipv4 or ipv6 address string and return an
filter widgets for members , used in custom methods for member selection , e . g . deploy _ apply or deploy _ alert _ select _ recipients
decorator that checks if the user can play the given collection .
creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments
modify one or more values for a repo .
creates a request factory , logged in with the user .
decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into
add a problem to the course we have created using factories .
returns the object that the given reference points to , if it is indeed a reference .
return a organizations activity stream .
clean meta dict .
s - lstm units as an activation function .
perform a simultaneous groupby and reduction
wraps the specified function on a context . local ( ) block , using kwargs .
get string with spaces after the minus sign stripped .
score _ generalizationlight in parallel .
install the plugin .
do any path / method dispatching here and return a json - serializable data structure appropriate for the response
return a module object of name * module _ name * if installed .
similar to ldap2py , only useful for the enabled attribute .
gives a sequence of scalar symbols to mirror these expressions
merge all the guesses in a single result , remove very unlikely values , and return it .
assemble the kernel .
converts an integer to base 36 .
set a medias input mrl .
find disk by lun id .
make a local job
return only the targets that are deep dependencies of | root _ targets | .
list the available os types
verify region and return an ec2 connection object .
check if a condition matches an object .
ensures that the named host is present with the given ip name
bundles classpath into one synthetic jar that includes original classpath in its manifest .
return text logo .
run a smtp test server .
parse the autopart line
this decorator can be used to mark a function or method context callable .
set url facts if not already present in facts dict
logs in the user .
adds given values to specified elements of an array .
read images from image files into data structure .
stores the default arguments for the given set of list _ ops .
only check if password is present if the user is created via action api .
check that we have enough size to write the specified graph .
based on URL
calculate the kl of multivariate normal distributions with diagonal covariances .
perform fast independent component analysis .
convert an ip address from text representation into binary form
return string identifying the current python implementation .
display a list of the currently logged - in users past orders .
returns the candidate .
detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . com packed .
parses a single log entry emitted by app _ logging . applogshandler .
compare two keys for less - than - or - equal - to .
update a cache entry and return its list of lines .
convenience for emitting the bytes we generate to a file .
to do post jobs if blades own actions failed to build .
decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into
convert word2vec mode to 2d tensor tsv file and metadata file
remove keys that arent serialized .
fetches all participants of the given thread .
launch async request to resolve server address
check whether indices is a reordering of the array np . arange
never say the process is threadable .
return the leading term of f .
retry the call in case a messagingtimeout is raised .
creates a profile .
return indecies of where the singn of curvature has flipped
install the sample on the emulator via adb
create and return a new in - memory transport hooked up to the given protocol .
attach response attributes declared in config .
return a data structure of the rules in the conf file
get the definition of the specified pipeline .
given a mod path , return the corresponding file , giving priority to source file over precompiled file if it exists
time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq , hmag : harmonic frequencies and magnitudes , stocenv : residual envelope timescaling : scaling factors , in time - value pairs returns yhfreq , yhmag , ystocenv : hps output representation
runs celery workers .
wrapper for the [ multiprocessing . ] map ( ) method , to unpack the arguments and wrap exceptions .
creates a whoosh index in the given storage object containing synonyms taken from word2nums and num2words .
computes distance between each pair of the two collections of inputs .
removes a repository from a team with team _ name .
given an object or a path to an object , get the object and its name .
used internally by _ image _ property _ create and image _ property _ update
check whether a string is a valid python identifier
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
run command cmd , return stdout , or stdout , stderr if ret _ err
return the contents of the buckets cache file
verify a signature .
get a list of records for a frame and all higher frames .
add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections .
quick function to dump a result to a pickle
transform a layer into a fuzzy layer by replacing some default values by random objects
waits for all kernels in all streams on current device to complete .
pre commit hook
maps keys for attachment summary view .
a category structure .
wipe a gcode linear move file .
after each scenario , restore all test data and remove working _ dirs .
recursively merge new _ items into some base _ items .
tear down plugin .
get all the text associated with this node .
returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . conf
computes binary cross entropy given output .
retrieve code from the given filename .
get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the alterations directories .
read worksheet titles and ids for a workbook
resets the index and working tree to head .
method with a cached content
the electric dipole potential v
return a list of available projects .
get the plugins directory path .
put a list of categories for blog posts into the template context .
iteration _ statement : do statement while lparen expression rparen semi
initialize the module .
convert indices to one - hot .
test for # 955 cant - build - html - with - footnotes - when - using
rgb to yiq color space conversion .
return the location of the refresh tag
return a list of recommended exercises based on the given subtopic .
return the unique combinations of size n from multiset m .
returns a column of ones with the same length as input data .
only call f if search is enabled for the courseteamindexer .
format a national number .
helper parse action to convert tokens to lower case .
a few tests that degree = 0 polynomials are correctly evaluated and fitted .
simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays .
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
parse the upgrade line
attempt to rewind body to a certain position .
send and receive packets at layer 2 and return only the first answer nofilter : put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry : if positive , how many times to resend unanswered packets if negative , how many times to retry when no more packets are answered timeout : how much time to wait after the last packet has been sent verbose : set verbosity level multi : whether to accept multiple answers for the same stimulus filter : provide a bpf filter iface : work only on the given interface
remove an user like from an object .
true when we are using windows .
single milestone view page
get new repository .
generate the python source for a node tree .
transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
the first observation of each otu is chosen as the representative - this ensures that the representative sequence is the centroid of the cluster .
defines some flags .
discards the changes applied .
return the current idle delay setting in seconds
return a dictionary of the linked packages in prefix .
apply a crossover operation on input sets .
read count byte arrays using the plain encoding .
uses key passed in to encrypt a random string which is used in a known plaintext attack to brute force its own key
this state manages software package repositories .
adds the given feedbackmessagereference to each of the recipients email buffers .
return true if this host : port path combo is allowed to be proxied .
detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
stop tasktimeslot for preselected task
truncates html after a certain number of words .
start cmd in the background and write the pid to pidfile .
validate a property value .
figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested
a python decorator which acts like functools . update _ wrapper but also has the ability to concatenate attributes .
read graph object in python pickle format .
pretty print the reldict as an rtuple .
generate a test method that tests the given function .
return color image by applying image _ filter on hsv - value of image .
xmlsec needs files in some cases where only strings exist , hence the need for this function .
unpack an arguments value from the commandline .
generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page , builds an aes cipher , encrypts passed s and returns
get service account name of the app .
rotates left by k .
tests positional inputs using components and various representations .
check if a user has permission to edit this setting type
for a predicative adjective , returns the attributive form .
ill try my damndest to determine the size of this file object .
adds a qos to tenant association
applies one application of the oracle and w gate , wv .
helper function to validate the enabled parameter .
represent the open , close as a bar line and high low range as a vertical line .
process the given java source file and return classdoc instance .
returns a page of commits to all explorations in reverse time order .
test working copy when a target already exists and has local modifications and force was specified .
hold acknowledge section 9 . 3 . 11
a helper method to get the project hierarchy .
egquery provides entrez database counts for a global search .
calculate the widely available information criterion , its standard error and the effective number of parameters of the samples in trace from model .
returns an array of true / false whether each section has problems .
compute least - squares solution to equation : m : a x = b
creates a chart document
returns available themes list .
finalize crc - 32c checksum .
edit the object obj in a gui - based editor and return the edited copy
lazy variant of string concatenation , needed for translations that are constructed from multiple parts .
returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
generic api call function , that will try to use an authenticated request if available , otherwise will fall back to non - authenticated request .
same as os . system but logs the command first .
hyperbolic tangent of a series
this function checks if an attribute on a builtin mutable object would modify it if called .
parse the tokens .
return a list of edges in the graph .
get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
initialize namecoin rpc
a simple view that expects a get request , and returns a rendered template
provide a fake unicodeencodeerror exception .
read tag data from file and return as numpy array .
construct progress message from progress information in instructortask entry .
does the logic of a union operation without the non - deterministic ordering of python sets .
get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex .
setup the insteon hub light platform .
return an instance of an episode by querying its id
parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath .
move to next byte boundary .
align a set of terms
simple function that returns the product of three numbers
remove one or more logical volume .
converts a 2 - bytes string to an unsigned integer .
return the name of the package that owns the file .
pools the given convolved features
return the lanl internet view graph from lanl . edges
shows the log for a given event .
return x minus the mean ( x ) .
draw the graph g with a spectral layout .
integer to two bytes
quoted empty values spanning multiple lines should be treated correctly .
create a tcp socket with the cloexec flag set .
returns sampleid to write to output fasta / qual files ids _ bcs _ added _ field : dict of : sampleid corrected _ bc : corrected barcode sequence , none if correction not possible num _ errors : barcode errors / mismatches for current barcode added _ field : current added demultiplex field , none if not found or if no added demultiplex fields used .
platforms that use the " posix _ local " install scheme ( like ubuntu with
parses a quantifiers count , which can be empty .
find all link tags in a string representing a html document and return a list of their attributes .
set up the minion caller .
transform the absolute test filenames to relative ones .
generates a crc16 lookup table . .
estimate influence of the number of features on prediction time .
pointer array when input represents a batch of matrices .
perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _ tostan class .
retrieves the bears that are to be ignored defined in the given line .
this method performs the effective search on google providing the google dork and the google session cookie
return information about the logical volume ( s )
edit lxc configuration options path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
skip app engine tests when - - gae - sdk is not specified .
the main view of the django - cms ! takes a request and a slug , renders the page .
create a homogenous tuple constant .
used by the non - jframe login
get the authentication token for windows vm xmlrpc client .
function for getting cache directory to store reused files like kernels , or scratch space for autotuning , etc .
performs a string operation on each word received .
renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates .
field _ type : ref _ type | definition _ type
view a wiki document .
list all of the available state modules in an environment
reverses cmap specification * spec * , can handle both dict and tuple type specs .
return a long on py2k
try to change uid and gid to the provided values .
checks the given partitioners .
add post - commit hook on project import
test if num is a positive integer power of 2 .
return preferences information from osquery
lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementaldecoder class or factory function .
base64 encodes a single bytestring .
adds a service or a check depending on supplied configuration
get the wrapped pydoc hypertext help .
add a permission to a lambda function .
spin up an instance using salt cloud
return the document zone stylsheet .
return all installed services .
create a fake implementation of pgettext , for testing .
get new derivation .
create a metadef object
for a current page , create a relative url based on the given url .
resource header for receiving
helper function to decode address lists .
helper to validate params .
the luhn check against the value which can be an array of digits , numeric string or a positive integer .
check if a certicate needs renewal
use paramiko to establish an ssh channel to the device
construct an interpolating polynomial for the data points .
convert using old function .
gets the mnist dataset .
uid value of an item if defined .
instantiate the musictaggercrnn architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on million song dataset .
make an initial pass across a set of states for update corresponding to post _ update .
returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n .
iterates over the time dimension of a tensor .
ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding
evaluate the definite integral of a b - spline .
convert a pandas frequency to a periodicity
creates and runs the experiment
test reactive ellipse attributes
remove masquerade on a zone .
normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly .
decode base64 string .
signal handler for new tag on question .
read application / x - www - form - urlencoded data into entity . params .
users is a list of user ids , or in the case of message type events , a list of dicts describing the users and metadata about the user / message pair .
compute the generalized laguerre polynomial of degree n and order k .
handle filename collisions by overwriting , renaming , or failing hard .
recursively try to decrypt any object .
set the freesurfer _ home environment variable .
add a file descriptor to list to be closed in child processes
returns integer as an int or default if it cant .
a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar
turn interactive mode on .
convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value
get a primary color along the way from grey to the end color .
retain vertical spacing before comments .
mine the next block on a chain .
retry the function over and over until max retries is exceeded .
search for nodes by title .
invalidate a cache region namespace or decorated function
returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters .
writes data to firebase .
search a value in a sequence using binary search .
returns the indices that would sort an array .
delete both the test marker index and the content index .
builds a filename for a dataset using its name an extension .
convert image setting all transparent pixels to white and changing format to jpeg .
expand catalog _ db to a list of catalogs .
make a slug from the given text
generate a hash that can be used as an application identifier
merge adjacent messages that compare equal
determines if a textual value represents true .
default dictionary returned .
try to parse the yyyymmdd / % y % m % d format , try to deal with nat - like , arg is a passed in as an object dtype , but could really be ints / strings with nan - like / or floats
a feature encoding white black and empty on separate planes , but plane 0 always refers to the current player and plane 1 to the opponent
decorator to disallow certain nodes from parsing .
handle ensure config commandline script .
get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
get a list of interdiffs in the review that contain draft comments .
convert ordered dictionary to a dictionary
displays all details for a certain route learned via a specific protocol .
uncomment specified commented lines in a file name
returns true if some multigraph can realize the sequence .
add multiple public keys to the users authorized ssh keys .
discretize model by performing a bilinear interpolation .
create a get request with the required http headers to upgrade to web sockets
check that the database is use - able , possibly creating it if empty .
find metadata using regular expressions .
reboot a domain via acpi request
parse an application operator
used to compute the longitudinal redundancy check against a string .
display information about a package
needs to work like the old find _ module .
produce a left outer join between left and right clauses .
return a generator for consecutive pade approximants for a series .
takes article html string input and outputs the fulltext
returns a list of metadata of the objects within the given bucket .
only creates the list if it doesnt exist .
creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments
creates the ast node for a binary operation .
f5 - reduce a labeled polynomial f by b .
encode a string into multiple lines of base - 64 data .
return a list of all disabled services
get matrix starting from the object if it exists , otherwise get a matrix starting from stratch .
return fast binary morphological dilation of an image .
returns an usable port number that can be bound with by the specific type of socket .
update a resource .
selects bandwidth for a selection rule bw this is a wrapper around existing bandwidth selection rules
configure the logging module to output logging messages to the console via stdout and stderr .
creates a symbolic link which will be deleted when the process ends .
another deprecated method , which has been deprecated in favor of the mythical newmethod .
upgrade named or all packages .
evaulates open vswitch commands retcode value .
compares two python dictionaries at the top level and report differences , if any , to stdout da : first dictionary db : second dictionary
simulates creation of a directory called clone _ dir inside of tmpdir .
execute an sql query over a database .
generate random slice for a single dimension of length n .
get the requestcontext for the current thread
render " find courses " page .
given list of tag instances , creates a string representation of the list suitable for editing by the user , such that submitting the given string representation back without changing it will give the same list of tags .
permanently delete a draft registration
zips address fields into pairs , appending the last field if the total is an odd number .
synchronizes given remote folder for the specified account .
decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
given a path like foo / bar that is relative to toplevel _ dir , return the inverse relative path back to the toplevel _ dir .
statement : expression
shows whether it is currently yi or not .
check whether django - storages is installed .
ensures that history changed .
return the transifex resource name
install the poll ( ) reactor .
decode a sequence of bytes to a utf - 8 string
a powerful spider system in python .
have a analytics api placeholder
generate the parameters for the patches : full = > full kernel name base = > all but the matches suffix minor = > 2 . n . m major = > 2 . n minor - prev = > 2 . n . m - 1
run + sudo
tries to strip all html tags from * text * .
add attachments to the given communiction
given data vectors * x * and * y * , the slope vector * yp * and a new abscissa vector * xi * , the function : func : stineman _ interp uses
assert the number of emails sent .
test reactive polygon attributes
gets the list of variables that were given that name .
compare the current ext * filesystem tunables with needed ones .
restful crud controller used to allow searching for people by skill
require the / en / project0 / project0 . po store .
compile a regular expression pattern , returning a pattern object .
closest integer to the square root of the positive integer n .
parse " state " column from qstat output for given job _ id
add to or create a new variable in the make . conf
adds two dicts and returns the result .
only run this test on posix platforms .
return a platform - specific list of candidates for user configuration directories on the system .
determine if a disk device name has already been used .
replicate configuration from the central cobbler server , configured in / etc / cobbler / settings
accepts a dict obtained from pkg . list _ pkgs ( ) and sorts in place the list of versions for any packages that have multiple versions installed , so that two package lists can be compared to one another .
emulate a double using two numbers of type float32 .
creates a save file dialog and returns a filename .
speed a gcode linear move file .
get a password digest to use for authentication .
writes log file log _ data : dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log _ f : open filepath to write log details
delete specific config item
instantiates a customized markdown extension
provides volume type associated with volume .
class decorator to skip tests that require memory collection .
compute a definite integral using fixed - order gaussian quadrature .
calculates the two nearst points , and its distance to each other on line0 and line1 .
return activities from everything that the given user is following .
saves a new collection .
returns the path to a temporary file that contains the given string .
collapse a list of ip objects .
confirmation of ticket submitted successfully .
use elastic search for global search
return disk usage counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
modified hikkake pattern
select a different handler based on the host header .
used to get a single file from the salt master
rest controller for cap templates
computes the multinomial loss , gradient and class probabilities .
resume upload of a file already part - uploaded to glacier .
converts an integer to a base36 string
set gl configuration for sdl2
classify a single sentence as subjective or objective using a stored
get root element of a doctype with a tree structure
format and process the extra attribute value .
compute the * dispersion set * of two polynomials .
check if user name search term found in cache
an assert _ almost _ equal insensitive to phase shifts of n * 2 * pi .
obtain data of vm _ name if specified , otherwise obtain data of all vms .
move a thread .
initialize the module as appropriate for nt
anything shared by pref and full will be replaced with spaces in full , and full returned .
parse a content _ disposition header .
shared code for use by old - style and new - style classes : write a representation to file - like object " out "
inspired by the opt for convop .
calculate the relative extrema of data .
an approximation of the md5 hashing algorithms .
bottom and convert an svgtext .
enhance contrast of an image .
create an array with a scaling matrix .
return set of data data extensions
get the list of authorized ssh public keys for the user
displays whether wake on modem is on or off if supported
set the value of an attribute with no history events .
load a file containing email aliases .
set up kankun wifi switches .
return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider , with select fields .
update metadata if it exists , otherwise create it .
sending message to hipchat v2 server
print the changes in a commit .
simulate output of a discrete - time linear system .
return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields , expressed in bytes : - total : total physical memory available .
build a list of formatter , used by a behave runner .
attempts to determine the length of the data to send .
if the enterprise app is enabled , insert additional elements into the pipeline so that data sharing consent views are used .
export list of all languages
train and test naive bayes classifier on 10000 tweets , tokenized using
get the separate inset loops .
separate line at operator .
redirects to a url with parameters .
return the inventory of a service instance object .
find the b - spline representation of an n - dimensional curve .
change the default backend used by parallel inside a with block .
export a key from the gpg keychain keyids
checks that path is an executable regular file , or a symlink towards one .
computes the inverse of permutations .
search for a musicbrainz id in the given string and return it .
registers a python object as a com server .
compute confusion matrix
utility function to print out the results string .
dump out the threads to stderr
imports and returns the class described by import _ path , where import _ path is the full python path to the class .
ensure that the named cluster is absent version
put name in canonical form .
monkeypatches httpconnection so that if you try to connect to host , you are instead routed straight to the given wsgi app .
move qtwebengine data from an older location to the new one .
return the ssh pubkey .
test that initializing from an ndarray structured array with a multi - dim column works for both copy = false and true and that the referencing is as expected .
create the automagic property corresponding to a fact .
simple helper to return true if the passed string reference is none or or all whitespace
get the known color names
send email with order invoice link after purchase
compute the vector dot product of matrices m1 and m2 .
get new repository .
generate and save an icinga2 ticket .
register the options for publishing metering messages .
create a slug from a team name .
adds an item onto a queue .
checks to see that the region code used is valid , or if it is not valid , that the number to parse starts with a + symbol so that we can attempt to infer the region from the number .
uses the remote _ read method to read remote files and determine what the remote os is .
warn if dependencies arent met .
return the list of comments in the given thread .
create a template field function that rewrites the given field with the given rewriting rules .
coerce wsgi unicode represented bytes to real ones
returns whether or not the object is a string
translate exit status of vmadm
load all model components
returns how many api calls in this range this client has , as well as when the rate - limit will be reset to 0
summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
transforms the output of parse ( ) into xml .
compute polynomial pseudo - quotient of f and g .
get the logged - in users profile .
return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state
attempt to authenticate with a wep access point .
enable / disable bench updates on running bench update
use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible
get the exported version of a gcode file .
parses the xml string according to the rules for the target _ class .
find notes in the given document and mark them up as such .
return all global - level variables defined in a module .
retrieves the application to feed into tornado .
disable back - propagation for variable whose volatile is auto .
check if system state would change .
setup the cpu speed sensor .
modules home page
computes the probability corresponding to given odds .
return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non - overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
creates a pipeline that performs mrtrix structural connectivity processing on groups of subjects .
a non - decorator way to validate a request , to be used inline .
step 3 : the product and category is selected .
test drawing rectangles with transforms using polygonvisual
utility method to return a subset of rbacagents permitted actions
using conv2d with height = = 1
if sufficient time has passed , increment the number of retries for the corresponding users unsentemailfeedbackmodel .
run xlwt in default mode .
running background with header
memoization decorator with support for timeout .
returns true if g is a threshold graph .
get encoding preferred for file contents
convert raf one - letter amino acid codes into iupac standard codes .
take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file , build resized png copies of it at the dimensions we use , optimize those and store them in our public storage .
returns a list of es documents with specified ids and doctype
load plugin ( s ) for testing purposes
saleorders owned by current user
group stream by object
strip n leading components from the given path
computes information for the displayed function / class headers .
recursively checks credentials based on the brains rules .
this returns a dictionary with a key for status , and other information .
finish an event on an instance action .
removes any in - process courses in courses list .
ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / , _ and : and similarly problematic characters .
reload a service .
expected assignment _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
create virtualenv in . / install
return escaped version of text .
open a docker client to the given address .
extract the headers this file includes .
return a dictionary containing lists of js and css assets for a nodes addons .
filters items in a list by class
function to do a full split on a path .
check current theme and update if necessary
return the core number for each vertex .
delete selinux port type definition from the policy .
display the status of the current directory , files , or directories in the subversion repository cwd
no changes to the image properties table from 002 . . .
set a new home directory for an existing user name
take the path to a template and return the high data structure derived from the template .
site configuration will need to be able to override any hard coded content that was put into the context in the _ update _ certificate _ context ( ) call above .
gets rid of unsightly lefthand docstring whitespace residue .
stop everything that was started .
main entry point for module execution
copies the stack trace from one or more tensor variables to one or more tensor variables .
module function to decrypt a password .
get the complex polygon by start and end angle .
convert a logic . expression to prover9 format .
convert git symlinks to real content .
returns a function that returns parameter updates .
return a sqlalchemy session .
create node positions using pydot and graphviz .
fetches a list of all firewall rules for a tenant
run a label request on a single image
format options using the ini format
return a list of zone name strings from looking at existing region ~ / . bees . * files
returns the semantic similarity of the given synsets .
method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard
converts data into a json string .
generates the reference documentation for botocore
create a strategy for github commit status dicts .
the view that returns the map composer opened to the map with the given official site url .
break up the * seq * into * num * tuples
opens the connection with the network device .
runs a simple http server hosting wsgi app func .
add two images , without clipping the result .
returns the score values from the submissions api if found .
scan for processes and fire events
list cloud provider sizes for the given providers
returns the current git branch .
demonstrates the use of the profiles api to unshare profiles .
return all registred migrations
iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
the reverse from skipif , see skipif for details .
the restful handler for requests for xblock information about the block and its children .
helper to get / create a new language .
remove p0 from dumx
determine the most preferred api version supported by the specified server , then connect to the specified server using that api version , login and return the service instance object .
private method - master call
helper function to verify requests .
takes the rows and header and returns a dict for each row with { key : }
returns data for a streamline plot .
create an rdataset with the specified class , type , and ttl , and with the specified rdatas in text format .
for each backends , calls f with its tensors , and returns the results to allclose .
a decorator used wrap cassandra . cqlengine . connection . execute .
test that the returncode system is functioning correctly
form a wsgi response .
extracts environment variables required for the toolchain to run from a textual dump output by the cmd . exe set command .
reload the named service
instantiates a new virtual machine from a template .
get segments inside the loops .
transoform a typical xml format class into java format
provides a function that returns the full path to a local or global testing resource
checks the first two bytes of the file for the gzip magic number
test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests
retrieve a stylesheet reference from the settings object .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
expand names into a list of packages .
if not provided , email will be factoryuser @ mozilla . com .
return a interactive python console instance with callers stack
install the passed package ( s ) with port install name
determine the set of common sass directories to be compiled for all the systems and themes .
converts a text to a sequence of word indices .
remove a physical device being used as an lvm physical volume override
return a decorator to decorate an onchange method for given fields .
update volume attachment .
this constructs a version file for the project
helper function that formats html in order for easier comparison
reload question views from the analytics .
no extras dependency gets uninstalled when the root package is uninstalled
return a string with pretty - print of a numpy array using the given format for each element
return the path of the makefile .
return a tuple containing the schemes names .
ensures that the named bridge exists , eventually creates it .
process a single image file .
add constant slice to either side of array
return dictionary representation of mixing matrix for attribute .
returns the minimum value of a dense or a csr / csc matrix .
determine the device _ type based on the model
get the static index page .
escapes * value * without adding quote .
escapes a strings html .
return absolute path if python script exists package = none - > module is in sys . path
computes the standard deviation along the given axis of a tensor input .
restful crud controller
elementtree debug function .
convert passed data structure to form required by estimation classes
run all the tests in the addons directory .
construct seqfeature from feature data from parser .
find a boolean value , configured in the environment at * key * or defkey * .
convert provided datetime object to utc timezone .
refresh the grains from the proxied device
return a list of registered vms , with minimal information
clones a repository .
manage a certificate signing request name :
function accessed by ajax to handle comments - for discuss ( ( ) & page ( )
helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
computes a unique key from arguments given .
test the importability of the scipy . special package and related hooks .
plots two histograms as interleaved bar plots .
returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 0 .
sets up a new sitemap object from the specified configuration file .
create an event on the pagerduty service . .
creates a client for working with cloud servers .
put the selected site id into the session - posted to from the " select site " drop - down in the header of the admin .
read zlib data from a buffer .
check git commit messages .
scrapes craigslist for a certain geographic area , and finds the latest listings .
this function provides a demonstration of the snowball stemmers .
a helper function for the _ style class .
create the necesary directories structure for ninja - ide
write resulting requirements taking versions from the fixed _ requirements .
returns a nested collection of tensorflow variables .
build our dependencies into $ workdir / libraries / usr / local
handle a request for rss
logout and login with given credentials .
step that always fails , mostly needed in examples .
check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host .
peform a one sample t - test against a given population mean .
converts query strings into native python objects
return the total number of bytes of physical memory .
returns a dictionary or regions , which hold lists of countries within those regions .
copies resources into a private directory , and provides them as a classpath entry .
convert a sudsobject into a dictionary .
wrapper around get _ recommended _ content ( ) that fills in user info .
raises a timeoutexception if the element is * still * found after wait _ time seconds .
return the information of the named package available for the system .
lowercase elements of a list .
convert a rotation matrix to quaternions .
retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module .
cancel stripe subscription , if it exists
checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable .
create a backing device for attachment to a set .
get a model field , traversing relationships in the field _ name .
returns true if the two strings are equal , false otherwise .
displays details about a particular linode vm .
return a keystone client object
select a proxy for the url , if applicable .
gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor .
test if two projectors are equal .
use an automatically - created regex to make sure the result actually is the show it claims to be
display a repo .
turn the mess of ordereddicts and lists into a list of dicts for use in the crl module .
method decorator that enables lazy on - demand compilation of theano functions .
fit _ constraint that returns a results instance
produce a _ _ repr _ _ ( ) based on direct association of the _ _ init _ _ ( ) specification vs .
make a grid from images .
look up the server we are using and set it as the global
checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
stands for " qualified name " , a utility function to turn a namespace prefixed tag name into a clark - notation qualified tag name for lxml .
run code with stdout and stderr replaced by fakeiostreams .
return a list of installed distribution objects .
return instance uuid by name _ label .
renders the response as kml .
wrap a reader to apply the parsers to each of its rows
prompt user for password if not provided .
return the built contents of the letsencrypt - auto script .
substitutes " lambda " with its sympy equivalent lambda ( ) .
allows for submission of xforms by odk collect URL
returns the distribution id for a vm vm _
returns a group topic message list page .
return a time struct based on the input string and the format string .
read a table object from an fits file
construct a resource for interacting with an api .
map the function fn over the elements elems and return the outputs .
read directly the errbot / version . py and gives the version without loading errbot .
in python 3 , l { inspect . currentframe } does not take a stack - level argument .
get the a format key string from row & column , counting from zero .
return the list of all info for all users
generate a random multilabel classification problem .
retain a reference to a media library object .
return the visible navigation nodes for the passed user
try to extract a subdomain from the request , as compared to g . domain .
return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist .
take an object and test to see if it can be represented as a dictionary .
generate tokens from a the source code .
trims the sequence using richard motts modified trimming algorithm .
convert a version string to a chronologically - sortable key
performs a random spatial zoom of a numpy image tensor .
returns an images id from the given image name .
create a 24 bit wav file .
set the color limits of the current image .
xor two binary strings of arbitrary length .
convert factored powers of sin and cos identities into simpler expressions .
automatically adds user to users group .
try to pickle an object .
restores cache from the result of a previous clear _ cache call .
create a technical server error response .
download a file from a url to the minion cache directory and return the contents of that file
append rows to a grid .
use the specified extension of to find the player in the windows registry to play the url
parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order .
make sure the alert has gone away .
updates a list - valued setting
rsa _ pub _ key is a string with the public key
print the list of [ column , cellidx ] indices for each of the active cells in activeinputs .
delete an image location .
unzip filename to a temporary directory , set to the cwd .
returns an iterator that yields the name of all the config modules .
convert a 2d line to 3d .
common filter processing for volume queries .
before i used md5 , but i realized that it was unnecessary .
returns the magnetic field from an arbitrary current loop calculated from eqns ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in phys rev a vol .
return the argument specification of functions in salt state modules .
convert a database row dict to a feature dict .
for functions that return c _ void _ p .
choose analysis package due to file type and file extension .
get cosine for two given vectors
ensure that a container is absent name
load all view restrictions for the pages
one iteration of the wright , richmond , odlyzko and mckay algorithm .
fix deprecated form of raising exception .
converts a numpy dtype and shape to a dictionary of attributes for a votable field element and correspond to that type .
compute cwt with fft based convolutions or temporal convolutions .
get the returner options from salt .
introduce vdi in the host .
compute a dict that is an inverted index of tokennames .
display pending images .
replaces a route table association .
list splunk searches
construct the exact istatechange that applicationnodedeployer returns when it wants to restart a particular application on a particular node .
puts all entities to the current datastore .
finds the most dominating term in an expression .
like : func : htmlsafe _ dumps but writes into a file object .
return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list _ vhosts .
sets status to error for any persistent ovo .
makes ship fire to x , y .
test basic text support
contextmanager to pend logging all logs temporary .
run module as a script
create a new revision of a wiki document , or edit document metadata .
fires after user - entered code runs .
test the importability of the gi . repository subpackage with the passed name installed with pygobject > = 2 . 0 .
send packets at layer 2 using tcpreplay for performance pps : packets per second mpbs : mbits per second realtime : use packets timestamp , bending time with realtime value loop : number of times to process the packet list iface : output interface
limit targets for xcode wrapper .
function to return the list of sections for the given series
return critical values for tukeys hsd ( q )
get new visitor data from google analytics and save .
log an event .
this may raise an appropriate subclass of cc . utils . commentclienterror if something goes wrong , or valueerror if the group _ id is invalid .
return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker using the given engine .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
change email address
remove a port from the specified service .
load a conf . yaml file or string and return a yamlconfiguration object .
threaded cached implementation of dask . get
add a new repo entry
show message using col , update screen if required .
parse a content - range header into .
recursive function to sanitize each component of the url .
returns a status code indicating an invalid signature .
view decorator that adds a " mobile " attribute to the request which is
traverses the management api hiearchy and prints results .
executes after settings are full installed and configured .
restful crud controller
wrap a function to log and suppress all internal exceptions
return a predictable value , or allow us to error out . .
release internal resources allocated by the object .
read a given number of 32 - bits unsigned integers from the given file with the given endianness .
apply the catalog hacks and figure out an unversioned endpoint .
verify that package _ data globs make sense
default action which deletes the selected objects .
verify that user can perform requested action on resource .
load a pkcs12 object from a buffer
internal utility for parsing cifar data .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
parse an xml or pem - formatted private key .
parse the given date as one of the following
check whether the user needs to log in .
internal adjust function
computes nodes and weights for gamma distribution
convenience wrapper around oslos trycmd ( ) method .
signal to create the siteresources on site save
output the approximate number of changed / added strings in the en catalog .
only work on windows
snappy is library that isnt supported by python2 . 4
returns the next segment on the path _ info or none if there is none .
function that checks the presence of ipython
show and test the widget
return the timezone in / etc / adjtime of the system clock
to make the upgrade role idempotent , we need to skip migrating the database if it has already been modified .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
scans through the files in dirname and processes whatever media files it finds
after the event is deleted there are three options for redirect , tried in this order : # try to find a next get variable # if the key word argument redirect is set # lastly redirect to the event detail of the recently create event
download all the artifacts from the latest build .
return the applications base uri
make sure the result is backward compatible
abstraction over get _ object _ list .
signs a string message with the private key key
return the right compressor file object in write mode .
decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
only allow objects with a permission * higher * in the permission hierarchy than the one given .
returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
only runs on freebsd systems
define and parse optparse options for command - line usage .
helper function for scrolled canvas
change the users full name
helper to decorate tests uses foreground server , started directly in test - cases
simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line .
checks if there are any conflicting arguments passed .
shutdown system after halting download and saving bookkeeping
turns a locale name into a language name .
given a link , returns the url for its thumbnail based on its fullname
check if library that failed to load cannot be found under any templatetags directory or does exist but fails to import .
delete app and all linked to the apps module with the app .
wrapper for djangos wsgihandler ( ) .
find out which of the given flags are currently not set .
set and retrieve response . etag
checks if at least one user group that matches the given filter criteria exists . .
calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees .
inspect network network _ id
updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code .
checks to see if x is a proper probability distribution
create an rpc for use in configuring datastore calls .
test the behavior of - - uptodate - - format = columns flag in the list command
helper - function to connect to mongodb and return a database object .
runs the quotastats command , and returns the parsed output
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
given a set of source file , sets the given property on them .
decorator that requires : http : header : accept headers with the
pack row and column into the required 4 byte format
save the load to the specified jid
filter duplicates from given errors list .
return the jid _ dir for the given job id
elastic deformation of images as described in [ simard2003 ] _ .
test for issue 360
command : goto integer
interface between salt . cloud . lxc driver and lxc . init vm _ is a mapping of vm opts in the salt . cloud format as documented for the lxc driver .
connect to aws directconnect
run a single test .
the function creating the x , y , z coordinates needed to plot
check to make sure add _ positions works properly
parse a content - type like header .
join the specified channel .
add x path output to outputs .
this view provides the ajax driven directory browser callback
construct an absolute url back to the site .
instructs typogrify to ignore math tags - which allows typogrify to play nicely with math related content
the restful handler for importing a course .
an private function to do print function
shows the tables in the given mysql database
execute a request as python module
need to override libcloud to find the zone .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
raft a gcode linear move file .
factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
return tuple from the given stream
mask the quoted strings so we skip braces inside quoted strings .
the header should not be read when header _ start = none .
delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
return the environment variable for a backend port .
default callback for the googlecloudstorageobjectupdatedsensor .
home a gcode linear move file or text .
run a git init , and set some config that git requires .
fastq helper function where cant have data loss by truncation .
retrieve a qpixmap for the named image
educated guess for the helmet type based on channels .
returns the quote number to fetch from the db
removes a class from the l { error _ class _ map } .
fill up the include _ dict with new includes found from the file .
count the list for max to min .
return a dict containing the stats for a given file
strategic all - apply rule to args
returns theme name .
alias a selectable if it has a group by clause
runlength decoder implementation based on pdf reference version 1 . 4 section 3 . 3 . 4 :
create a vbd record and returns its reference .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for a network interface .
cross - reference acls and note / thread permissions .
reads data from stream and then writes it to the output .
safe form of str ( ) , void of unicode errors .
locked or unlocked .
checks if contrib . sites is installed and returns either the current site object or a requestsite object based on the request .
creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value and scopes from the url .
eat items from an iterator , optionally replacing characters with a blank and stopping when the end _ char has been reached .
compress a list of signals .
helper to actually write bem surfaces .
main function for ng86 method .
runs the server according to some strategy .
test whether a path is a mount point
show information with the provided title and message .
tests translator comments are stored and synced .
runs a function from an execution module creating pre and post snapshots and associating the salt job id with those snapshots for easy undo and cleanup .
return two lists : the first one contains the python files in the graph , the second the c extensions .
return a closure suitable for use as a decorator for retrying a pymysql dao function on certain failures that warrant retries (
create arma correlation matrix converts arma to autoregressive lag - polynomial with k _ var lags ar and arma might need to be switched for generating residual process
small configuration file management function .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
creates an rpc object for use with the blobstore api .
unescape special characters
return all load balancers associated with an account
normalize openstack facts
imports configuration from all the modules and merges it .
writes tensor to output _ path as tsv
check a keyfile from a source destination against the local keys and return the keys to change
calculates the stats associated to the milestones parameter .
add xml from x , y & z .
load the 20 newsgroups dataset and transform it into tf - idf vectors .
enforce lower and upper bounds for numeric flags .
return the set of additional properties for the given instance .
shelve a server .
add an indexed loop to the vertexes .
find the n largest elements in a dataset .
quote command - line arguments for dos / windows conventions .
a word - wrap function that preserves existing line breaks .
verifies the signature of the contents iaw cms syntax
given a valid config , create a thing type .
decorator converts a caller function into a decorator ; decorator decorates a function using a caller .
get new derivation .
run a particular patch
suggest column and function names when selecting from table
return the command - line arguments to use for the scrapy crawl process that will be started for this message
gets a sane issuer from a given certificate .
marks the value as a string that should not be auto - escaped .
initialize vocabulary from file , return the word _ to _ id and id _ to _ word .
create a decimal instance directly , without any validation , normalization or argument conversion .
partition and resize fs to match the size specified by flavors . root _ gb .
returns the directory for desktop .
return frequencies for dft
evaluate str into a corruptor object , if it exists
return combination of bottom and top channels .
returns permissions for given user / group and object pair , as list of strings .
get a file - like object , whether given a fileupload object or a path .
get parent random variables of input .
this function stubs out execute .
ensures the given password is set on the esxi host .
update a property , raise if ns not found / visible or duplicate result
create convenient output format of taxon biplot coordinates taxa is a dict containing lineages and a coord matrix coord output is a list of lines , each containing coords for one taxon
sample num equidistant points from the path .
you might want to call this function before deleting a user .
computer multivariate sample autocovariances
modify the column name to make it python - compatible as a field name
decorator factory to track sunset events .
redirect user to registered ui home
return true if * obj * looks like a number
asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
test existence of a topic .
chain two futures together so that when one completes , so does the other .
expected assignment _ tag _ without _ context _ parameter _ _ doc _ _
write rootobject to a . plist file .
wipe a gcode linear move file .
update timezone information from sr repositories
processes the users node inputs .
return the percent of time the cpu spends in each state ,
only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
returns the minimum and maximum position for a set of reads .
creates multiple threads to read std err / std out at the same time to avoid blocking
return a non - trivial solution to w ^ 2 = ax ^ 2 + by ^ 2 using
determine if the given ip address refers to this machine or not .
sync the given directory in the given environment
calculate the date the machine which emitted the packet booted using tcp timestamp pkt2uptime
check for matching dependencies .
explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread , and destroys all contexts if the current thread is the main thread .
download poety from all the given sockets .
get the timezone of a network , or return sb _ timezone
apply linear transform for each individual loop version
applies a mask and gap filter to fasta file , yielding filtered seqs .
start the watchdog process .
duplicate an existing xblock as a child of the supplied parent _ usage _ key .
return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities , times the value of the parameter start .
pull out a part , compute it , insert it into the target
read and return the contents of a python source file , taking into account the file encoding .
this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one , by moving the 8x8 images in x around by 1px to left , right , down , up
returns a securely generated random string .
cat a single file .
builds counting functions from keyword arguments .
given a list of items and a list of trackinfo objects , find the best mapping between them .
three stars in the south
starting with django 1 . 6 , the user model can be overridden and it is no longer safe to assume the user model has certain fields .
helper func to provide easy access to the moving target that is
setup pipeline manager according to yaml config file .
open a file dialog inside a directory , without selecting any file .
generate an appropriate description from docstring of the given object
get the size of this pseudo terminal .
creates new ami module : ansiblemodule object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object
convert a long integer into a binary string .
load the piston oauth store .
dispatch a function call to a separate process or thread to execute with a maximum provided timeout .
parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree .
validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 .
the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
clear the html element in text
set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication .
handles elasticsearch exceptions for views
handler for the sqlite fetch method .
template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template
add a function to hook .
determine what column a single column id matches in a series of column names .
assemble distance matrix components into a complete dm string
remove staging area directory
unquote a value .
try to read from a url , file or string .
filter the given directorylisting object using the given pathwildcard .
docstring for install _ scipy
return true if namespace is visible in this context
process indentation spaces in a plain scalar .
update an old plan object to work with conda . instructions . execute _ instructions
set pixel color in the image at the given coordinates .
create a new : class : . engine instance .
person controller - used for personal profile & imports - includes components relevant to membership
generates a summary of units from a given namespace .
given a dictionary of attributes , return a list of dictionaries with all the same attributes except for the one named attrib .
returns the variance of the given list of values .
read application / json data into request . json .
solve rational functions
converts a dictionary to an xml hiearchy .
formats the variable according to the arg , a string formatting specifier .
rfc 2822 datetime formatter
get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
click a browser dom element
get a file from src , which can be local or a remote url
this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
return a byte - string version of s , encoded as specified in encoding .
return an error if select2 is missing .
resolve the given string value to a debug option .
returns the data compressed at gzip level compression .
ensure that the named database is present with the specified properties .
set the owner of all schemas , functions , tables , views and sequences to the given username .
create a socket on localhost and return it .
detect an infinite - capacity s - t path in r .
example traceback that points to a module that getmodule ( ) cant find .
adds a _ _ slots _ _ entry to dictionary , containing the names of all valid attributes for this message type .
commit cluster changes . .
show the details from qingcloud concerning an image .
get the spherical vector3 unit by radians .
triangular moving average
call the spacewalk xmlrpc api .
doauth function returns the challenge string b giving priority over
convert a files mode to a string of the form - rwxrwxrwx .
return the glance metadata for a volume list .
retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
returns github url or local url
test the done method and completed / answered signals .
clears internal cache .
create all your database objects .
make version of f that ignores extra named params .
return a list of records for the stack below the current exception .
generate rst from examples and create gallery to showcase examples .
write out a script onto a target .
validate the authmechanism uri option .
pickle doesnt handle dict sub - classes when using highest _ protocol , so we do some checks here to avoid bugs .
transform the points .
make a transformation from mri _ voxel to mri surface ras .
stringify get request parameters .
return a sqlalchemy table definition with associated metadata .
get loop lists from path .
construct field isomorphism via factorization .
return configuration to match cassette on uri , method and body .
if the config directory can not be created , create a temporary directory .
update monolith statistics .
the uri returned from request . uri is not properly urlencoded this is a weird hack to get werkzeug to return the proper urlencoded string uri
validates that the value is a valid foreign key
simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use .
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
if current method is put or post , return concatenated request . form with request . files or none otherwise .
show the details from softlayer concerning a guest
this function parses the arguments that were passed in via the command line .
runs for each provider .
queries duck duck go for the specified input .
attach bare hooks declared in config .
add a mask to the clip if there is none .
given a list of parafrags we return a list of paralines each paraline has 1 ) extraspace 2 ) blankcount 3 ) [ textdefns . . . . ] each text definition is a triplet
get information about the arguments accepted by a code object .
strips the idd from the start of the number if present .
issues a protocolinfo query to a control socket , getting information about the tor process running on it .
robustly test whether an object is iterable .
returns a json figure representation for the specified file
creates and returns a dynamic wtforms . form class for a given db . model class .
evaluate a python expression .
when a step definition calls another step definition with behave _ as , that step should be marked a failure .
produce random points in the unit square .
filters the bears by languages .
a signal receiver which updates the last _ login date for the user logging in .
ensure that the named database is absent name
creates temporary directory for rsync purposes .
only load if cyg module is available in _ _ salt _ _ .
set gear helix path .
user wants to toggle a paper in his library
returns the split version of an nmea sentence , minus header and checksum .
parse a requirements file .
compare python3 and python2 abstracts by key keeping python2 entry only if the abstracts differ .
converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block - diagonal one .
scan over some possible executables and return the first one that is found
display a list of all review groups .
retrieves a reference to the method of an object .
run the main application .
checks a cferrorref and throws an exception if there is an error to report
creates commands for join _ paired _ ends . py pairs : dictionary of forward : reverse read filepaths base _ output _ dir : output directory to write log , stitched reads optional _ params : added parameters to join _ paired _ ends . py calls leading _ text : text to add before join _ paired _ ends . py call trailing _ text : text to add after join _ paired _ ends . py call include _ input _ dir _ path : if true , include input directory in output directory names remove _ filepath _ in _ name : if true , the base filename will not be used in the output directory names .
encoder using md5 .
returns master configurations dict .
parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
submit a coroutine object to a given event loop .
make sure no secret fields show up in logs
lock / unlock a thread .
give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string " all " if the user has all rights .
parameters ax : axis
list all courses available to the logged in user by reversing access group names
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
add heights by bitmap .
subresultant prs algorithm in k [ x ] .
retrieve libvlc compiler version .
introduce vdi in the host .
creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
function returning a random permutation of range ( n ) .
lazily compute type map , as calling ffi . typeof ( ) involves costly parsing of c code . . .
check paths for conflicts
mock function used to bypass the oauth fetch token
get volume type by id .
writes the flv header to stream
check if required libs is installed and load runner only if they are present
load the model with saved tables
build metadata requests list from collection maps .
taken from jingo . tests . utils , previously jingo . tests . test _ helpers .
read the modules parameters and store them globally .
the digamma function is the first derivative of the loggamma function i . e , . .
read 64bit integer from bti file .
save the load to the specified jid
returns a dictionary having role names as keys and a list of users as values
write test configuration file to package _ dirpath .
returns a queue instance with the correct name and routing key for this galaxy processs config
load all valid summary records from memcache .
take logentry and turn into cef string
retrieve a category instance by a path .
check if empty queue calls for action
loads a template and renders it with a context .
return if we are a categorical possibility
make the signal . signal function work with a monkey - patched os .
check if the given key id exists in apt keyring .
retrieve facts from the network device .
append the given text to the docstring of c { thingwithdoc } .
return a config values dictonary ,
select some random items or albums and print the results .
rotates the input bvec file accordingly with a list of matrices .
load the mnist dataset
return the activity stream of all recently changed packages as html .
create new keys for fused tasks
create an nx2 array of xy values including all combinations of the x and y values provided .
run geonodes unit test suite
turn all numbers in eq into their polar equivalents .
formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
return an arbitrary free address for the given family
creates listening sockets bound to the given port and address .
we have to wrap generators specially .
decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
we want pokedex . db . tables to export tables using the class name
return a * safe * weak reference to a callable target target - - the object to be weakly referenced , if its a bound method reference , will create a boundmethodweakref , otherwise creates a simple weakref .
concatenate url and arguments regardless of whether url has existing query parameters .
chamber a gcode linear move text .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for orders
append definedname elements to the definednames node .
get digitization points suitable for sphere fitting .
outputs the first variable passed that is not false , without escaping .
update shelter capacity numbers , new capacity numbers are evaluated adding together all housing unit capacities .
check if line contains a redundant " override " or " final " virt - specifier .
return the expected path for the template to render .
verify that a device is mounted name
maybe shift divisions by periods of size freq
reconstruct every rational coefficient c _ h of a polynomial h in mathbb q [ t _ 1 , ldots , t _ k ] [ x , z ] from the corresponding integer coefficient c _ { h _ m } of a polynomial h _ m in mathbb z [ t _ 1 , ldots , t _ k ] [ x , z ] such that . .
quit a window .
dumps data about the due date extensions granted for a particular student in a particular course .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
returns a list of tuples containing weights and cost functions to use for weighing hosts
cleanup after the bzr pull - assumes that backup ( ) was run before the upgrade !
this implements the old grad _ sources _ inputs function in terms of the new interface so the tests dont need to be rewritten .
setup help table in the current site
detects if the passed string of data is bin or text
send an alert confirmation email .
display the dynkin diagram of a given lie algebra
logs a module or module attribute ip is missing .
parse the harddrive line
check if an apache module is enabled .
check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . test _ support .
returns a list of all non - abstract page model classes defined in this project .
test maxwell filter basic version .
caches a file if it does not exist , or loads it otherwise .
logs a message indicating a successful proc query .
return a list of installed distribution objects .
takes a list of scripts and formats the output .
euclidean length of track line
takes a list of supported mime - types and finds the best match for all the media - ranges listed in header .
flag those c + + 11 features that we only allow in certain places .
you can supply a data folder or any folder - all folders within will be checked for necessary files - in order to make a visualization
reset a vm by performing a hard shutdown and then a restart
converts newlines to html linebreaks in string .
compute non - negative matrix factorization
fail the test if the expression is true .
display the subversion information from the checkout .
resource header for warehouses and inventory items
write a colon - separated list of names .
place imports at the top of the file .
returns the predicative adjective .
determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc
given a template name , returns the template names as a list , with each name prefixed with the device directory inserted before its associate default in the list .
returns the string contained in the setting admin _ media _ prefix .
returns the complete interfaces list of the network device .
for geos unary topology functions .
returns a help page from evergreen
check the status of the rubygems source
helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error .
test mne inverse computation
returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two - sample test .
decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy , kivy / tools / packaging / pyinstaller _ hooks / kivy - hook . py .
product of integers in range , computed recursively .
detects syntax in the file located in google cloud storage .
add an ascending sort key when pass a string , to make the mongodb interface similar to sql .
disable a kapacitor task .
a hypothesis strategy to generate a dockerimage
ensure a directory exists , creating if necessary .
multiprocessed get function appropriate for bags
give a list of page where the user has delete rights or the string " all " if the user has all rights .
function to record node run statistics to a log file as json dictionaries
creates keys to the composite index table for a given entity .
determine the owner group for dvr _ case _ activity records from the service type
return a list of the base - 2 digits in the integer , k .
guard against * pointer * being null .
ensure other greenthreads get a chance to be executed .
fit estimator and predict values for a given dataset split .
callback for make _ option for the ogrinspect layer _ key keyword option which may be an integer or a string .
expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression
display the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps .
format playlist for output to mpd client .
determine the default project name .
common environment used for executing all programs .
return the length of str when it is encoded with header quopri .
test combining transforms
return an iterator over unique items of seq .
convert nx3 or nx4 hsv to rgb
some sites like pinterest have apis that cause news args to direct to their site with the real news url as a
return a node for the named vm
function for running binary search on a sorted list .
adds / deletes an integer amount of seconds from a datetime specification
process a status update from a docker build , updating the data structure
walk tree to get list of branches and list of leaves
ensure the label doesnt exist on the kube node .
log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
return workflow object for this module .
add extjs css & js into a page for a map - since this is normally run from map . xml ( ) it is too late to insert into s3 . [ external _ ] stylesheets , so must inject sheets into correct order
setup the pyo server
execute x10 command and check output .
test working copy when a target already exists and has local modifications but force was not specified .
insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
helper to get a nice traceback as string
vote for helpful / not helpful answers
check if a file exists and is a fifo .
replace all line - ending characters with
return network i / o statistics .
returns true if children contains any yieldpoints .
randomly generate a fresh , new elgamal key .
given a model object , print a list of changes from its pristine version stored in the database .
render users library
add a list of two - tuples to the uri query components .
returns options used for the carbon returner .
used in an ajax call to fill in a field with a mac address .
get an smb connection
imports data from a sentry export .
autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum .
get or create a user empowered with document editing .
insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list
tear down the module .
loads everything in a given path .
convert a string to int number
return an authentication handler for the given provider .
determine if a unicode code point is printable .
reader for a parquet file object .
get a database context manager object .
reshapes a tensor to the specified shape .
test happy path of encoding to bytes
find executable in current dir , system path or given programfiles subdir
add the closed xml tag .
only load the module if bluetooth is installed
returns a node that links to a document with the given ref name .
if header _ start = none and names is passed as a parameter , header data should not be read and names should be used instead .
list mounted filesystems .
decides whether the given tournament is strongly connected .
learn alphabetical char sequence with stacked lstm .
return true if the graph is connected , false otherwise .
this function creates a suitable page title in the form :
presend has two functions .
return true if a line break may occur before the current token .
adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them , and modifies the schema so the given fields have the spelling attribute .
restful crud controller
delete a network acl based on the network _ acl _ id or network _ acl _ name provided .
show environment used by oracle client
add character set properties to the global registry .
estimate spectral norm of a complex matrix by the randomized power method .
specifier _ qualifier _ list : type _ qualifier
convert the xml element to a difference xml element .
near - constant time string comparison .
change frequency of versioncheck thread
display a box confirming the renewal of an existing certificate .
returns a localised unicode representation of a number in bytes , mib etc
return a sample sequence of length n from a zipf distribution with exponent parameter alpha and minimum value xmin .
compute foerstner corner measure response image .
make a web call to stormpath .
generic hint framework
compute the inverse of a matrix with lu decomposition and forward / backward substitutions .
ensure that a setuptools version is installed .
get a " tag " from an ebs or rackspace volume .
get the environment to be used with tox .
get the evaluated boolean as a float .
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
return a list of eventrenderers from available tasks and milestones
return an id3v1 . 1 tag string from a dict of id3v2 . 4 frames .
concatenate variables along third axis .
get a database connection by name , or the default database connection if no name is provided .
destroys the requested vdis , logging any storageerror exceptions .
return current datetime as yyyy - mm - dd hh : mm : ss
checks if fsl is not installed used with skipif to skip tests that will fail if fsl is not installed
this function parses http requests from a string to a fuzzablerequest .
get the owner name of a file or directory .
wraps internal request handling inside a modulestore bulk op , significantly reducing redundant database calls .
branch conditionally or continue .
get the default backend
apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function .
enter a new assessment .
update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive _ dir .
check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 6 + or 3 . 3 + .
this is a helper function to dsolve and pdsolve in the ode and pde modules .
relational _ expression : relational _ expression gt shift _ expression
starts an interactive interpreter on the server
input preparation common for all beamformer functions .
get the datacenter of the chassis .
check for available disk space .
returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
determine if file contains a cmyk jpeg format image .
makes a datetime naive , i . e . not aware of timezones .
computes the degree distribution for a graph .
return a printer function
save variables so we can later add links to the documentation
simple view to echo back the content of uploaded files for tests .
generate string to show selected tracks , indicate current track .
dump connections in network
compute graph transitivity , the fraction of all possible triangles present in g .
returns true if fileobj is a file or io . fileio object or a gzip . gzipfile object .
middleware to implement cas 1 . 0 authentication
for launching the editor from inside calibre
sample one element from a distribution assumed to be an array of normalized probabilities .
return a parsed json object when applicable , a unicode string when not .
recursively walk the storage directories yielding the paths of all files that should be copied .
check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list .
parse gcode until the first word if there is one .
return a list of tuples to seed the " env " list , which is used to set environment variables for any pkg _ add commands that are spawned .
export a single document to csv
analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis !
parses positional flags .
return three number tuple as public key .
this is a contributed re - implementation of copytree that should work with the exact same behavior on multiple platforms .
given a byte string , attempt to decode it .
create a fake transaction to be filled and processed prior to the execution of a given trade event .
get metadef object count in a namespace
fetch album art for each of the albums .
returns the name of a process instance .
return a list off mac addresses from the named vm
unflatten a simple dict whose keys are tuples .
set the virtualname
simple distro detection based on release / version files
parse generalized ufunc signature .
run all jobs regardless if they are scheduled to run or not .
tests for function should _ bypass _ proxies to check if proxy can be bypassed or not
a reduction to count the number of elements
return the absolute name of the module to be imported .
return the boolean value , decoded from a string .
returns all todo of the requested app
return the representation of a * number * in any given * base * .
apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
checks whether a certain string could be used as a valid variable .
return the set of legal kwargs for the given func .
returns the authentication data from the given auth configuration for a specific registry .
parse _ _ property _ _ queries .
helper for prining errors in callbacks
gets the rdm disk key .
returns either module config or file config .
parse a cache control header .
perform a power action on a host .
convert a url into normalized form , with all and only url - unsafe characters url quoted .
returns the roster modules
find a replaceable check - like macro .
from the result of a l { deferred } returned by l { iresolver . lookupaddress } , return the first ipv4 address from the answer section .
create or update a tool _ dependency record in the galaxy database .
evaluate the network on all the sequences of a dataset .
convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
fill the upgrade table .
make sure the given requests were done .
this function takes the string identifier and fetch relevant user object from database
redirect any step / type registration to the runners step - context object during step imports by using fake modules .
log out the current user , and log in using the edx identity associated with the lti id .
populate the driver pricing dictionary .
load only on minions that have the win _ snmp module .
return ready for httplib . http instance .
add this document to deleted document table .
pretty - print a xen object .
registers a boolean flag .
start a local elasticsearch server
load requested file , downloading it if needed or requested
return formatted information in a pretty way .
generate ccpr plots against a set of regressors , plot in a grid .
return number of active kb contributors for the specified parameters .
make sure that a string is a text string
stop a vm
returns a list of all profiles that are public .
return the list of images owned ids from owner _ ids .
check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend
authenticates to a control socket that uses the contents of an authentication cookie .
try to import a module and if it fails return default .
this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations .
convert a time value to fractions of day
creates a query to filter items based on filterform arguments
returns an array of standard normal random values .
return the portion of the files mode that can be set by os . chmod ( ) .
load a template .
return all available selections for the version to be chosen .
returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application
ensure that an account is present and properly configured name
it should download and not install if requested .
creates standard groups and gives them permissions .
check whether we can extend the image .
recursively takes a self - nested list and returns an html unordered list - -
edit an answer .
check the coverage for all files individually .
validate if a string is valid utf - 8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
load filters from a list of directories
returns new sessionbus _ .
imports tumblr posts
this function finds the rvas to keservicedescriptortable and keservicedescriptortableshadow in the nt module .
ensure the kinesis stream is properly configured and scaled .
minimize a function func using the l - bfgs - b algorithm .
provides extra specs associated with volume .
rewrite the content - length header .
downloads wordpress attachments and returns a list of paths to attachments that can be associated with a post .
multi - dimensional column in input
read data from socket * sock *
identifies the user using two methods : a ) if they logged into the web interface then repoze . who will set remote _ user .
find the most general unification of the two given expressions
sum of products to function of sum .
decorate a protorpc method for use by the framework above .
list virtual interfaces on a server
this function trains a hmm model for segmentation - classification using a where wav files and . segment are stored
returns or sets the currently defined default python .
parse a date from a string .
format a docstring for use as documentation in sample config .
return a list of supported tags for each version specified in versions .
delayed failure to make sure that processes are running before the error is raised .
checks if theano graphs represent the same computations .
return detailed info about one , or all , zones in the bound account .
dummy function for doctesting autoroutes . py .
being similar to get _ parallels , returns control points of two quadrativ bezier lines having a width roughly parralel to given one separated by * width * .
create a wtforms form for a given mongoengine document schema : : from flask _ mongoengine . wtf import model _ form from myproject . myapp . schemas import article
instructs chocolatey to change the state of a source .
returns url prefixed with the skin name of the first skin that contains the file directories are searched in this order : settings . osqa _ default _ skin , then default , then commmon if file is not found - returns none and logs an error message
release a media _ list _ player after use
expected simple _ one _ default _ _ doc _ _
parse input arguments
generate a link - scoped multicast address as described in rfc 4489 .
case statement builder .
test whether the test has passed or failed
ensure that all array arguments are contiguous , if necessary by copying them .
attempt to set aws secret key from script , else core - site , else none
sends a email immediately following a moderator action to the given user .
checks if a string is a valid ipv6 address .
restful crud controller
get the location from the split line .
generate and sign a cert for user in project .
adds the milestone for given entrance _ exam in course
sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue .
health information about the registered service .
return random item for a type specified by a mode and a single format character .
remove a directory if it is empty or contains only the folder metadata caches from different oses .
return the source of a template , syntax - highlighted by pygments if its available .
install all available updates .
handle all pyhomematic device events .
filter the signal x using h with overlap - add ffts .
execute a machinectl pull - raw to download a . tar container image , and add it to / var / lib / machines as a new container .
convert a duration protobuf to a python timedelta object .
fixture providing a history filled with example data .
compute spherical bessel functions jn ( z ) and yn ( z ) and derivatives .
thread value through a sequence of functions / forms > > > def double ( x ) : return 2 * x > > > def inc ( x ) : return x + 1 > > > thread _ first 4
replaces all occurances of posix slashes ( / ) in provided filepath with nt ones ( ) > > > posixtontslashes c : windows
return the bit width of python int .
start the scheduler
a context manager to save and restore the mako template lookup path .
restarts a list of existing instances module : ansible module object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object instance _ ids : the list of instances to start in the form of [ { id : } , . . ] instance _ tags : a dict of tag keys and values in the form of { key : value , . . .
fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test .
asset list view
get whether the object is a i { qualified reference } .
bootstrap django and initialise this module
safely join directory and filename .
given a valid config , update the request payment configuration for a bucket .
return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
builds a w2p package for the application
delete an invite to join a group .
get all balance sheet accounts for opening entry
recursively process data structures , performing necessary type conversions to values in data to allow for rpc serialization : - convert datetimes to strings - convert tuples and sets to lists
gets the email from a given user _ id .
modules home page
adds identification characters to a workflow and appropriately shifts the non - workflow instances .
called when the cloudtrail command table is being built .
solves an equation using solveset and returns the solution in accordance with the solve output api .
mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde
return a list of slot names for a given class .
returns indices of minimum elements obtained by iterating over given axis .
selects a value from * * kwargs * * depending on runtime platform service = platform _ select ( debian = samba , ubuntu = smbd , centos = smbd , default = samba ,
loads fixtures specified in fixtures _ dict .
nicely formats hex strings
return the authorized users dashboard activity stream .
returns the value turned into a list .
return a dictionary of what changes need to be made for a file
searches for probable ports on the system
ensure ipmi user and user privileges .
parse " { name } = { value } " text and return parts as tuple .
returns prioritized test list by eventually detected dbms from error messages
wait for lfunc to be true
list profiles that are bundled with ipython .
returns the name of all arguments a function takes
return list of attribute - descriptor tuples .
evaluate a score by cross - validation . .
returns an error dictionary , as returned by : func : error , representing the given instance of : exc : serializationexception .
converts an ndb . model representing a job to a dict .
boot a new server .
returns all languages supported by openerp for translation
we only deal with solaris specific version of at
beneficiary types : restful crud controller
show the details from ec2 concerning an ami
destroy the block device mapping .
the public interface to djangos wsgi support .
utility function for mapping one dict format to another .
check that a set of boxes are valid .
renames a blob .
cast array to dtype of other array , while avoiding complexwarning .
clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
converts a code to colorized html .
extended render _ to _ response to support different formats
checks for duplicates in headers , appends to errors if found header : list of header strings errors : list of errors
a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin .
get and transfer the closest remaining surrounding loop .
return a list of formatted exception strings .
remove excluded traces from beginning / end of tb ; get cached lines
restores a database to a previous version
return matrix to obtain normalized device coordinates from frustum .
copy a function
generates the series of links to the pages in a paginated list .
this workflow estimates a single multiplicative bias field from the averaged * b0 * image , as suggested in [ jeurissen2014 ] _ .
push a copy to the pydata dev directory
reverse the key / value pairs of the option map in the interface classes .
get the layer thickness .
returns a list of - - disableexcludes option to be used in the yum command , based on the kwargs .
make module def and role records if already not made .
context manager to run commands inside a guest container .
check that stcs are compatible .
find the entire list of skipped tests .
remove references to any sdks not available
converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version .
restful crud controller
compactly print connected nodes to each switch
return the full , public base url of the given jupyterhub instance .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
deprectated ; use statusbasedforward instead .
ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets
process elementnode by svgreader .
create a key that can be used for the entities table .
return a link to a bokeh github resource .
evaluate wether a file is a python interpreter or not .
transforms a django model instance into an object that can be used for serialization .
get the evaluated dictionary .
given a request object , looks for the best possible next url .
returns response object of given status code .
check two lists of alignments agree , raises a valueerror if mismatch .
checks all of the various override conditions for a user to skip an entrance exam
return the unicode character corresponding to the index , or the replacement character if this is a narrow build of python and the requested character is outside the bmp .
milestone add to preselected project
check if the tipc module is loaded
function to get the ram and threads usage of a process
get a nomralized length of time in the largest unit of time
given a string add necessary codes to format the string .
render a formset to a bootstrap layout
setup logging handlers based on arguments
add a diamond or hexagonal outline for a line segment .
ensure a qt object with an . isvalid ( ) method is valid .
return invalid status
set the emerge _ default _ opts variable
returns the cpp variable that should be used as a header guard .
detect access log config of nginx .
fetches lines with the given prefixes from a file .
osx uses a normal path .
check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
return a path relative to colas / usr / share / doc / directory
get integer as string .
retry the function over and over until max retries is exceeded .
simplest possible application object
computes the login url for redirection .
evaluate features with nested k - fold cross validation
registers for notifications to lean that process output is ready to read , and dispatches lines to the respective line handlers .
get the matrix tetragrid from the elementnode letter c values .
return a sort key for mixed int / string tuples .
compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu _ map1 , otu _ map2 : otu to seqid mapping as dict of lists
creates a task name that the system can use to address tasks from different apps and queues .
returns your text , enclosed in ansi graphics codes .
encode sentences in the list x .
returns all linkable projects / articles at root .
recursively list the contents of a directory .
a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
unpack bistring into nt sequence
test parameters that is specified by pytest . mark . test _ params
add two numbers server side , ridiculous but well . . .
disables signals on an instance of qobject .
add a " form - control " css class to the fields widget .
pushes an image to any registry .
decorator to implement debugging assertions
convert a zone - aware datetime to integer milliseconds .
serialize a list of qwebhistoryitems to a data stream .
load the longley data and return a dataset class .
depth first search that recursively searches the path .
ensures that the specified powerpath license key is present on the host .
invoke a remote method that does not return anything .
display the uptime of the specified hypervisor .
unify generators in a reasonably intelligent way .
a context manager to set the locale in a threadsafe manner .
builder for rebulk object .
database related configuration .
only work when bower is installed
clone the repo
upgrade all packages .
converts a string representing a quantity and a unit identifier in to an integer value representing the number of bytes in that quantity , e . g .
convert a string version of a function name to the callable object .
returns if header and body cache file exist
the { % if % } tag evaluates a variable , and if that variable is " true "
returns the location of a java applications appengine - web . xml file .
pulls all the filtering options out of the term and returns a cleaned term and a dictionary of filter names and filter values .
generic monthly archive view .
this efficiently iterates all the specific pages in a queryset , using the minimum number of queries .
return a customercare - format percentage from a number .
test read _ pixels to ensure that the image is not flipped
invoke a remote method that does not return anything .
connection string as in the ado documentation , sql timeout in seconds
non - recursive glob for one directory .
creates a new firewall rule
generate an api request signature .
decorator for bigmem tests .
commits the configuration changes made on the network device .
create a deferred , shoots it and then adds a trivial callback / errback / both to it the given number of times .
class decorator that ensures support for the special c { _ _ cmp _ _ } method .
graceful shutdown of cron
create a brocade specific network / port - profiles .
convert the flow tuple into a dictionary
distributes info [ 1 ] over info [ 2 ] with respect to info [ 0 ] .
get default password from secured file
stops the kalite server , either from pid or through a management command
initialize parsing of the packet
recurcively combine all rules in given sheet into a target sheet .
convert milliseconds since epoch utc to datetime .
add summaries for losses in cifar - 10 model .
parse the dmraid line
computes the precision for the binary decisions .
run the setup after we have everything configured .
enable the service .
return a named group pattern matching list of alternates .
return vals [ which ] where which is a subset of idxs
run sgd on the final layer of the network self .
get original exception from exception pickled using
skirt the fill text .
a simple login protected view
driver for the session management menu
filtered version of the facility ( ) rest controller
here you might want to do something with each post .
converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale
decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string - esque type is turned into a unicode object .
ensure an etree element is returned
run the network and write output to writer .
writes a login redirection url to a user .
return a new property object for a cache header .
given the contents of a file and ! inc [ these params ] , return matching lines
apply an autoregressive filter to a series x x can be 2d , a can be 1d , 2d , or 3d
signal a django server that a return is available
only load if elementtree xml library and boto are available .
return active kb contributors for the specified parameters .
compute an eta .
cluster observation data using a given metric .
parameters f : function
returns a tsv representation of dataset .
trim sides from each block
sets the ftp proxy settings server
find peaks from evoked data .
only make these states available if open vswitch module is available .
sync modified file data to disk .
registers a mapping in a global namespace alias map .
return true iff the given path should be included .
parse stories provided in the babi tasks format
set a medias loop status .
send an event object to all the initialized backends .
raise an exception to stop http processing execution
encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart / form - data mime format .
reconstructs the url from the wsgi environment .
make the variable x _ i the leading one in a multivariate polynomial f .
returns the top headlines from hacker news .
returns the current markup filters name .
this sends an email alert .
convert a list of concept objects into a list of pairs ; optionally create a valuation object .
returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary .
right - aligns the value in a field of a given width
given a valid config , update the lifecycle rules for a bucket .
wrap the x format column boolean array into an uint8 array .
validates a vfs path .
validate that a value contains one or more space - delimited values
a colspan attribute must be an integer type .
evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files .
m - estimator of location using self . norm and a current estimator of scale .
rabins polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
non - restartable source sequence
only load this module if the blockdev utility is available
get btrfs filesystem information .
unpack image data from a wm / picture tag .
wrap authentication credentials here
returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code
enable an interface
returns logger used by multiprocessing
finds all the referenced templates from the ast .
create an element & return it
detect the encoding of the unicode string input , which contains the beginning of a css file .
create test case for ideployer implementation .
fetches information of a certain subnet
return a dictionary that maps from variable and apply nodes in the original graph to a new node in a new graph .
extract the images into a 4d tensor [ image index , y , x , channels ] .
creates a header getter / setter .
this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini - batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters .
create a special unauthenticated session for user login through external identity provider for the first time .
store additional minions matched on lower - level masters using the configured master _ job _ cache
resource header for cap module
standardize a dataset along any axis
act like letsencrypt - - version insofar as printing the version number to stderr .
docstring for maxreturn
fetches information of a specific ipsecsiteconnection
add a comment to the end of all occurrences of " information _ schema " identifier > > > tamper select table _ name from information _ schema / * * / . tables
check quickly whether file has par2 signature
return true if path contains no conflict markers
message sending handling , either update if the query suggests it otherwise send the message .
parse a gs filename or a filename pattern .
redefine this fixture to change the init parameters of test celery app .
helper function that is called in the tests to change the access permissions of the given file .
returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory .
clear database cache before and after each task .
get a splunk search
compute the plotting positions for the observations .
load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path
duality gaps for the mixed norm inverse problem .
create a fake options object for testing with appropriate defaults for the given optionables .
downloads the video file to disk
helper function to deal with setting form values on checkboxes , lists etc .
loads a distrodef from an installable tree
create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
computes md5 hash of the timestamp of a file
determine if the line is intersecting loops .
seed as none means that the sampling will be random .
returns the index of the minimum value along an axis .
copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f : file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f : f1 . txt f2 . txt f3 . txt f _ combined . txt f1 . log f2 . log f3 . log f _ combined . log
returns a list of favourite group the form of organization _ list action function
simulates a request to a wsgi application .
register namespace _ handler to declare namespace packages importer _ type is the type or class of a pep 302 " importer " , and namespace _ handler is a callable like this : : def namespace _ handler : # return a path _ entry to use for child packages
formats a time according to the given format .
convert other to decimal .
create a factory to produce throttledhttprpcserver for a given throttle .
the main wsgi application .
open a file and return its content
return the pathname of a directory on the host suitable for temporary file storage .
extract the information about an exception .
updates ret iff there was a failure or in test mode .
front - end wrapper to handle exceptions .
returns a list of keys that were pressed .
prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip
stop the bluetooth service .
generic expanding function application .
this returns a dict having problems in a section .
read simple undirected graphs in graph6 format from path .
add the module and all its children to the destination dictionary in as a flat structure .
wait for and then return a connected socket . .
install a tkinter . tk ( ) object into the reactor .
return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes .
return an absolute path .
get all known variants of the given jobconf variable .
return true if path is absolute
analysis / synthesis of a signal using the discrete fourier transform x : input signal , w : analysis window , n : fft size returns y : output signal
this function is used as a wrapper to : a ) read the content of a wav file b ) perform mid - term feature extraction on that signal c ) write the mid - term feature sequences to a numpy file
helper for : meth : table . insert _ data .
return all autoscale groups visible in the account .
assume the path does not exist .
passed a string , returns a two - tuple indicating the language of that string , and the confidence on a 0 - 1 . 0 scale .
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 dictionaries .
displays redash version .
parses web scarab and burp logs and adds results to the target url list
fetches the vbench results for all travis builds , and returns a list of result df unsuccesful individual vbenches are dropped .
load a configuration file and create importer and exporter classes .
find paths to label files in a subjects label directory .
verify that the columns of events can be used by an eventsloader to serve the boundcolumns described by next _ value _ columns and previous _ value _ columns .
try to extract the page title from a string of html .
syntax checking : fail if a file has more than one feature
a shortcut to create a tcp socket , bind it and put it into listening state .
returns the damerau - levenshtein edit distance between two strings .
invalidate the cached verification deadline information .
writes new index file based on surviving assembled paired - ends .
performs indefinite integration of rational functions .
get the latest configuration data for this app - version from memcache .
parses window and nperseg arguments for spectrogram and _ spectral _ helper .
serializes an object to a string .
a more relaxed version of int _ or _ none
lits network security rules
merge column meta data for the out table .
return a small registry with a few widgets for testing .
filter the e - mail recipients through configured e - mail hooks .
remove a specific port from a zone .
basic exponential backoff
clean up entities in data - if attributes .
send email notification regarding modified device
task used to send outgoing messages to backends .
returns the long hash of a given identifier cwd
get a provider implementation instance by name or id .
reset the bits + + box via the usb cable by initialising again
nicely print a single autotest result .
reboot a machine by name
returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
global function for timer
check to see if an executable exists
truncates html after a certain number of words .
validate the the config is a dict
save the registry cache .
wrapper around dog _ stats _ api . increment that cleans any tags used .
represent comments fields
format image metadata for use in notifications from the instance system metadata .
encoded s in utf - 8 if it is an unicode string .
anonymize measurement information in place .
add the path around the grid point .
convert a : class : ~ matplotlib . collections . patchcollection into a
struct _ or _ union _ specifier : struct _ or _ union lbrace struct _ declaration _ list rbrace
converts old - style module _ store _ setting configuration settings to the new format .
return whether c can be interpreted as an item in the color cycle .
print a warning message on the rich text view
takes a dense numpy array or a sparse matrix or a function and makes an operator performing matrix * blockvector products .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
creates a 3x3 lms - > rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers
scans through all tests in the whitelist and add them to the database .
returns an iterator yielding an applications request and application logs .
use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
helper to check docstring , returns list of incorrect results
get a list of all of the assistive access applications installed , returns as a ternary showing whether each app is enabled or not .
add device specified by serial number .
get url and return response
this function generates a 256 jet colormap of html - like hex string colors
transform the url into clickable link with tag
default 403 handler .
attaches a volume .
simulates an http call to the server , makes an actual http request if real _ request _ handler is set .
object - to - serializable hook for certain value types used within the logging system .
turns on formatted logging output as configured .
given a list of item ids , deletes all instances with that id .
verify that the specified ruby is not installed with rbenv .
converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
returns all and testable domain names in config
get a crafted shape file from a list of procedures .
evaluate a comparison operator .
reads the users google cloud sql oauth2 . 0 token from disk .
only work on posix - like systems .
request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
communicate with the developer shell server socket .
prints the given error message and exists the program .
test multi - taper psd computation
not there so make and leave in output dir for post job hook to copy back into input extra files path for next time
loader for the california housing dataset from statlib .
helper function for prefetch _ related _ objects
function to handle pagination for the org list on the homepage
logs a message at the given runlevel .
return one or more email notifications covering the given activities .
sample up to min _ coverage keys for each key in mapping .
get gear profile for an annulus gear .
decorates a function if trace _ method is true .
request the on - demand creation of a certificate for some user , course .
connectivity estimation for one epoch see spectral _ connectivity .
returns the nonce for the given parameters .
generate an unique id for a request
disable state runs .
apply cos to each element of the matrix mat .
ensure that some text appears at the beginning of a file
populates a template variable with the static prefix , settings . static _ url .
multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix .
gets a more complete representation of the instance network information .
execute the given action function after a responder method .
parse a feed from a url , file , stream , or string .
deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of " constructtimestampassetid " .
writes crash related information to a file
performs the given query on a set of in - memory entities .
return union of two or more queries sorted by timestamp , and remove duplicates
return the ratio of the most similar substring as a number between 0 and 100 but sorting the token before comparing .
packs a datetime - typed property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
get a list of all themes known to the system .
construct a data structure of parameters that is hashable .
return a list of issues sorted by closing date date .
this simply checks if the var has an unification in u and uses it instead of the var .
resolve the actual file path of fileorpath .
clear all tests from c { suite } .
run metagenomeseqs css algorithm through rscript
multi - class prediction accuracy .
remove system rc configuration variables
move constants into the inner graph , and remove unused inputs .
function decorator to trace a functions entry and exit .
return a unified diff of two strings .
try to determine the version from the parent directory name .
condrestart cgconfig service
return the transitive closure of source under the pointertype relationship .
receives the fetched map and legend vars provided by the player .
convert unicode filename to appropriate local encoding
test ensure _ valid and ensure _ not _ null .
unpack the xpi , yield the temp folder , and repack on exit .
set up test fixtures
ensure file deleted also on * windows * where read - only files need special treatment .
takes as input a polynomial expression and the variable used to construct it and returns the difference between functions value when the input is incremented to 1 and the original function value .
a wrapper for os . walk that skips hidden files and directories .
return true if the object is generator or generator function .
touch generated files that are older than their sources after an update .
check if ip address is eui64 .
merge obj _ b into obj _ a .
reflow text so lines are roughly of a uniform length suitable for reading or replying .
used for examining the distribution of values in a set .
takes a single name and fills a batch with it
given two tp instances , list the difference between them and returns false if there is a difference .
install a p12 certificate file into the macos keychain name
return useful information about ipython and the system , as a string .
draw node labels on the graph g .
destroy vbd from host database .
returns the mode string of a file - like object if such a thing exists .
return the default fetcher instance if no fetcher has been set , it will create a default fetcher .
creates a new usage plan with throttling and quotas optionally applied . .
find a library or framework using dyld semantics
return list of available datacenters from catalog .
change a list of group objects into a space - delimited string .
perform a select ( ) over all the events provided , returning the ones ready to be fired .
return all namespaces in the specified range .
return the installed version of git
query the virtual machines .
get parsed status for media descriptor object .
resets a users password
redirect to asset / create
get the status for a vm , either via the id or the hostname
helper to ensure we print usage
get a value from couchdb by id
fetches entrez results which are returned as a handle .
returns a guess of which candidate is the right one based on the wrong word .
check dipy version
get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values .
add an instance to the load balancer in region .
log memory usage before and after a method .
test reading an html table with unicode values
get settings from django . conf if exists , return default value otherwise example :
find values in dts closest but not equal to dt .
create an entry in the transfers table .
defines a decorator to be attached to tests .
updates the given request object to designate that the session cookie should be deleted .
converts a meijer g - function to holonomic .
fetch / set a topics iam policy .
normalizes and encodes a unicode iri into an ascii byte string uri
acquiring the lock is a no - op since no threading is supported .
takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes .
recursively unescape a given url .
returns the sign of x , or 0 if x is masked .
check the permissions the app requests .
normalize the image range for visualization
return an iterator over pairs , , drawn from values .
decode and preprocess one image for evaluation or training .
fast solexa fastq to qual conversion .
return the modifier flags for integer arithmetic .
get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
add flavor access for project .
please avoid using this function , as its only used in a management command that is somewhat deprecated .
return the trigrams generated from a sequence of items , as an iterator .
pure implementation of the heap sort algorithm in python
cm service prompt section 9 . 2 . 5a
prints the information for each column .
write data to file descriptor .
setup the platform .
adds a document to an index .
pickle - dump a variable into a file
try to get the reversed url for the given route name , args and kwargs .
recursively find files ending with the given extensions from the directory .
hr controller - combined
given a pair , check if the api version is enabled .
checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
unlink an existing identity from the requesting account .
determines if a module has a main function that takes no arguments .
extracts the root key from an entity key .
builds and returns the requests representation string .
return a pyro name server proxy .
attempt to retrieve a device by either its name or primary key .
return the admin _ password in the details dictionary , or calvin if there is none present
given a indexer _ id , and a list of all show scene exceptions , update the db .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
return relative degree of transfer function from zeros and poles
dont delete course update item from db .
make a folder for the given doc and add its json file
generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong .
find search terms from urls .
update the users last activity date upon editing or deleting a post .
return a backports . ssl . sslcontext object configured with sensible default settings .
true when the conemu windows console is used .
controller to handle uploads to ckeditor
execute mappers executor task .
return the pagerank of the nodes in the graph .
return a tuple from a qcolor
send an http request via the given http instance .
return a tuple containing the paths names .
parse lines in a qiime _ config file
listen for state changes based on configuration .
returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string , including the version number , whether the version is a release candidate , and the c api version .
extended euclidean algorithm in f [ x ] .
return a function that traces task execution .
returns a new theano tensor with no broadcastable dimensions .
return the parameters to send to the current payment processor .
returns the closest end , that is open
get the metadata slice attribute dictionary .
set up the mne _ browse _ raw window .
display the login form
returns next workday after nearest workday needed for boxing day or multiple holidays in a series
subtract amount number of units from datetime object time .
write data to a temporary file , then move to the destination path .
resize images preserving the original aspect ratio .
insurance information controller
performs an icmp ping to a host . .
computes a series of _ idiffchange s to turn set _ a into set _ b assuming that these sets are at current _ path inside a nested pyrsistent object .
undo monkey - patching by : func : inject _ into _ urllib3 .
return a naive utc datetime object .
close the session object for this request .
collect all bears from bear directories that have a matching kind .
parse group id .
converts a string to a binary string if it is not already one .
unixs command cal
given a subnet id or name , delete the subnet .
an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration .
kill a process and all its descendants
sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context : a behave context url : a relative url , i . e . " / zone / management / none " or " / securesync / logout " data : a string containing the body of the request
testing when votable is passed as pathlib . path object # 4412 .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
outputs the contents of the block if the two arguments are not equal .
return the path to our storage repository
issue a warning , or maybe ignore it or raise an exception .
check if the name in the glyphs datasource is ax _ end
print a human - readable summary of efuse contents
load a python module from its path .
decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a workflow action .
calls / executes bgps public api identified by given symbol and passes given kwargs as param .
group the results of : class : listtasks into a dictionary of : class : ~ subliminal . videos . video = > : class : ~ subliminal . subtitles . subtitle
connect to amazon machine learning service rtype : : class : boto . machinelearning . layer1 . machinelearningconnection
normalize provider facts
check whether we should allow the cross - domain request .
prepare the gevent hub to run in a new process .
encrypts a message using encryption key ekey , working modulo n
returns the visibility level for the specified user profile .
create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution .
return an html page , containing a pretty error response .
returns the appropriate set of resource links depending on the current page and the total number of documents returned by the query .
computes the mean value along the given axis of a tensor input .
generates python callable binaries based on the math expression .
update affiliations for a branch organisation
return a list of string encodings to try
directory tree walk with callback function .
parses the cache slug in the input string .
given a pil . image object , return a copy with the color mode set to rgb .
predicate for checking whether measure is a nested record dshape
delete a user
restful crud controller
display placement information for an item based on ring lookup .
add compression arguments to a parser object .
numpy verson of zeros .
check if the file at least looks like afm .
turn the query _ string into a unicode - and ascii - safe string .
translate a shell pattern to a regular expression .
function to return the question for the given series with the name that matches the one passed in
method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files .
convenience method to get or set axis properties .
adds useful iterable variables to template context
optstep : step expr | empty
converts a numpy array into a serialized parameter string .
extract ctcp data from a string .
decorator for skipping test if wtforms < 2
set or delete metadata on all instances of a host .
warn if dependencies arent met .
read a structure , with the array and structure descriptors given as array _ desc and structure _ desc respectively .
get fixed ips by instance or raise if none exist .
iterator generating all duples option name - > value
runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory .
queries the specified network device for associated driver information
bootstrap a container from package servers , if dist is none the os the minion is running as will be created , otherwise the needed bootstrapping tools will need to be available on the host .
return a delimiter based on a filename .
get a floating ips by fixed address .
swaps two rows of a csc matrix in - place .
the kullback - leibler divergence _ loss .
check for an s3 , s3n , or s3a url
returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated .
only load if the mysql module is available in _ _ salt _ _
applies regular expression filtering to a query .
computes pcoa average and ranges for jackknife plotting returns 1 ) an array of jn _ averages 2 ) an array of upper values of the ranges 3 ) an array of lower values for the ranges method : the method by which to calculate the range
draw a grid line
retrieve widgets from all available modules
outputs the contents of a given file into the page .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
checks facet name is not too long and matches facet name pattern .
private function to reformat the report for testing
remove all subdirectories in this path .
check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
safely reserve a username .
performs a 1 - way anova , returning an f - value and probability given any number of groups .
factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances .
return a list of the currently installed app ids .
show fiff tree .
return pynast version string or none if pynast is not installed
return a methods name .
default action which deletes the selected objects .
get a reference to a vmware datastore for the purposes of adding / removing disks si
sets up and runs the bulkloader , given the options as keyword arguments .
will use registration form in the following order : 1 .
check that with and without distance give different icrs < - > gcrs answers
a grid of 2x2 images with 0 . 05 inch pad between images and only the lower - left axes is labeled .
check if current line contains an inherited function .
send a notification to the os
get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale .
display the enhancement to the user .
given a path , which is either a str or a unicode , returns a str path .
convert a long int to the 4 - character code it really is
returns a set of image fixture dicts for use in unit tests .
cycles among the given strings each time this tag is encountered .
return pathname as a name that will work on the native filesystem ,
returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the base scalars of the given coordinate system .
add actions to a qmenu or a qtoolbar .
use runs test on binary discretized data above / below cutoff
returns package install state
clone the gh - pages repo if we havent already .
remove from store , if transcripts content exists .
returns if the view should display a preview .
convert a json project to the native object .
start dtmf acknowledge section 9 . 3 . 25
get the data to show for the given url .
setup printing in python interactive session .
sets the style attribute of a node to the dictionary stylemap .
check if its string
update existing users .
convert a time string to a time tuple .
return the status for a service .
test restriction of source space to source sourceestimate
store the item at the given array pointer .
convolve two 2 - dimensional arrays .
add pillar from convex loops and grids .
get the hardware address as a 48 - bit positive integer .
train a fast r - cnn network .
return path to icon file in installed notify . app .
return true if the minion matches the given grain target .
retrieve and display the access and refresh token .
call callback ( ) on every item in a particular queue .
acess videos by urls .
insert data into fileobj at position c { start } .
return the c code of a kernel function .
create a postgresql user .
get new repository .
issues a power - cycle operation on the managed server .
walk vm - > vbd - > vdi change and accumulate connected vdis .
grain for the minion user id
find block dimensions from arguments
this function monkey - patches the tempfile module in st2 on windows to properly handle non - ascii paths from environmental variables being used as the basis for a temp directory .
given a query set and a list of primary keys , return a set of objects from the query set in that exact order .
filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object , and only selecting the objects with the test succeeding .
create an empty , named , temporary file for the duration of the context .
get data from system _ info table
use the ufunc loop type information to select the code generation function from the table provided by the dict _ of _ kernels .
all available tickets
perform a paired t test between samples .
delete a file , but ignore file not found error .
return a list of process ids for all running processes .
find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name .
you can override this fixture to enable the app trap .
auto translate the content fields of a given assessment item data .
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency inverse cosine transform of f , defined as . .
checkout a new git branch to make changes on and later tag as a release .
create a derobjectid object , already initialized with the given object
check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun .
create vocabulary file from data file .
prepends relative urls with static _ url to turn those inline - able .
delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
remove items matching query from lib .
ensures user is absent
add object to search index
return autocompleter results
test to make sure that the html reader inputs multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of .
permutes the indices of an array .
rename a snapshot .
add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar .
read filter information .
parses a geometry string syntax and returns a tuple
write a png chunk to the output file , including length and checksum .
calculate power of a ttest
themes command sub group .
return a sqlalchemy engine .
rheader for facilities when doing a req _ match
get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands .
set up openstack credentials
update the status of a flagged object .
return a portgroup object corresponding to the portgroup name on the dvs
raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value .
parses avi file header for width and height
dummy function to test credentials
get all instances belonging to a host .
find globals in this statement .
pack the parameters into a single vector .
tries to perform the summation using the telescopic property return none if not possible
returns bounding boxes for detected objects , organized by class .
convenience function mixing : func : redirect and : func : uri _ for .
emit analytics events after saving the user .
check if misc / acks has been changed .
returns true if the given object is an adatetime where year , month , and day are all none .
changes python key into pascale case equivalent .
returns a list of matching contacts
load master configuration data
a version of dir ( ) that supports netproxies
automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate
configure psycopg to be used with gevent in non - blocking way .
set the size of a finder window for folder to
add a plugin to a placeholder
helper to fetch creds from ansiblemodule object .
prepares exception data to be sent over rpc .
takes a sequence of field names and returns a matching dictionary .
returns whether the obj is an iterable , but not a string
utility function to display nice titles
updates the supplied module with a new get _ html function that wraps the old get _ html function and substitutes urls of the form / static / . . .
negative comparison should be done using " not in " and " is not " .
load an icon from the data directory
save data to a json file
restful crud controller
return instances and joins that were active during window .
find simple cycles of a directed graph .
no window function ; simply return x .
cancel common factors in a rational function f .
returns an integer representing the major , minor and revision number of the server .
convert float to value suitable for humans .
checks if a pair of minterms differs by only one bit .
subclass the pygments regexlexer to lex line by line instead of lexing full text .
test if the as is capable of doing 64 - bits .
this function is deprecated .
put object directly from the object server .
returns true if distinct ( ) should be used to query the given lookup path .
get the host for s3 in the given aws region .
deletes the specified security group
log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger .
find nearest point mapping to a set of triangles .
returns the requeststate for the provided request id .
defines a few flags .
helper function that creates a new wiki instance .
do simple checks on the descriptor to confirm that it supports rescoring .
close serial port for snap reprap communications
returns the namespace of tag .
check if a dynamic library should be included with application or not .
log in as an admin specified by the optional arguments , or create such a user and log in if it doesnt exist .
scan the provided root for python source files
expected no _ params _ _ doc _ _
about the simplest problem you could ask for : optimize a one - variable quadratic function .
evaluate python code generated by stringify _ expr .
gets a module instance based on its usage _ id in a course , for a given request / user
you need to switch on the microphone before use , which can take several seconds .
validate an input string as an rfc 2822 dot - atom - text value .
a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt modify its errors dict param .
retrieve the correct setup . exe .
encode a binary string as base64 with no trailing newline .
return the number of active cpus on a windows system .
returns a new theano tensor with no broadcastable dimensions .
wrapper for scipy . stats . kurtosis that returns nan instead of raising error missing options
create a cib - file from the current cib of the cluster cibfile name / path of the file containing the cib scope specific section of the cib extra _ args additional options for creating the cib - file
return task details as tuple
simulate gjr garch process
construct ems autosupport log message with deployment info .
return all assets that are referenced in the given css document .
wrap an active socket in an ssl socket .
drain messages from consumer instance .
group contacts by letter
copy each line up to our special flag line and return .
return a 2 - tuple containing .
try to determine the name of a linux distribution .
read a pnm header , returning .
read eeg forward .
does google - lint on a single file .
lists wiki documents with localization tag
return a list of valid os - versions found in the import signatures
return a list of colors defining a color palette .
echo name = val parseable output
append a period at the end of the sentence
takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure .
validates a username based on the guidelines in useradd ( 8 )
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
a worker process that processes new messages from a queue to write to device outputs
print stack trace from call that didnt originate from here
sequence _ type is a named argument , that doesnt work in python2 .
return the subset of the list names that match pat
apply provider facts to supplied facts dict
compute the md5 sum of a file .
stop the flask web server , from the context of an http request .
parse the string applying the units defined in units
generate a one - time verification key with an optional expiration time .
find a sequence of ipv # address .
make sure that all tokens appears in code in order
if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function .
create and return a callback and a list populated with call args
very simple embedding of a polynomial chart
returns the vms size .
simple sequences for hl0 .
for a specific format type , returns the format for the current language , defaults to the format in the settings .
private function used to partition estimators between jobs .
selectively fill instances with manually - joined metadata .
returns a tuple .
push changes from the branch at source to a remote location .
helper to format jid instance
limits should be of the form .
simple pygal parser
adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name .
fetch a request and user id from either a django or flask request .
add a moving obj to two consecutive images .
also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
return the given html string with sgml entity and char references replaced .
return a postscript header stringfor the given bbox lbrt = .
setup the mysensors platform for sensors .
inject returns a injectorfactory that can generate injectors to inject the provided keys at different levels .
create a single top - level module and add it to sys . modules .
return a callable that will evaulate a string as boolean , or one of a set of " alternate " string values .
create a track object from a public http url .
if | append | is none , simply return | element | .
decorator that activates manual transaction control .
parse single table from cli output .
allow zero - width infix token during the tokenization process .
factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf .
convert a morsel object into a cookie containing the one k / v pair .
add a new protocol to the specified service .
generate the " friedman # 3 " regression problem
check if the given source is mounted at given destination point .
puts size = part of label as second component after white space output _ consensus _ fp : consensus filepath with abundance data filtered _ consensus _ fp : output filepath name
only valid on windows machines
define a domain based on the xml passed to the function
checks that the given value is in the range [ 0 , 60 ] .
exclude useless levels from f .
convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype .
return a guest user .
add an addon to the settings , so that it is ready for app init
returns where - - h is : > 0 for convergence of rate 1 / factorial ( n ) * * h < 0 for divergence of rate factorial ( n ) * * = 0 for geometric or polynomial convergence or divergence - - abs ( g ) is : > 1 for geometric convergence of rate 1 / h * * n < 1 for geometric divergence of rate h * * n = 1 for polynomial convergence or divergence - - p is : > 1 for polynomial convergence of rate 1 / n * * h < = 1 for polynomial divergence of rate n * *
ensure the test raises an exception and does not emit an event
returns a linkcode _ resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url _ fmt is along the lines of
compute the total energy for the hamiltonian at a given position / momentum
escape a url including any / .
remove broadcastable dimensions from the shape of an array .
uses the locale directory from the django svn tree or an application / project to process all
search for external subtitles from a video path and their associated language .
template settings for sahana software foundations sunflower URL
uses natural sorting for numbers inside strings so something2 will sort before something10
validate the dns name .
creates a panel to navigate between the entries .
return a free port , 0 when nothing is free
split the given string using the different known groups for boundaries .
bisection algorithm that can be used to perform blind sql injection on an affected host
returns the user secret by consulting the secrets database .
alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
construct a callinginfo value from a bucket name .
display information about certs configured with certbot
accept a volume transfer .
returns hessian of logp at the point passed .
edit an ini file , replacing one or more sections .
get the instance type for a pe
returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1 - d arrays .
return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash _ type
test jsonreport output with one errors
decodes the incoming stream as a remoting message .
setup the logentries component .
add indexes missing on sqlite and postgresql .
computes the entropy corresponding to the given partition
imports should usually be on separate lines .
return null as the string for none value
read a noise covariance matrix .
stringify time in iso 8601 format .
marks an api handler as deprecated .
returns the stemmed version of the argument string .
only returns true if the evennia settings exists , alternatively has a certain value .
delete all image tags for given image
iterate through a collection object downloading all files .
element - wise value clipping .
returns a dict of domain objects representing collections with the given ids as keys .
get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores .
sanitizes a value to be safe to store in a linux filesystem , in
convert binary number written in a string into an integer .
start the scheduled background tasks .
creates a new bucket .
infer the fill value for the nan / nat from the provided scalar / ndarray / list - like if we are a nat , return the correct dtyped element to provide proper block construction
required method to auto register this checker
checks the facet depth to return is an integer within range .
edge betweenness helper .
send notifications through all backends defined by settings
disable an apache module .
main loop for whole script
get the list of changed or added files from mercurial or git .
restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get _ warnings _ state ( )
get the field name usable without quotes .
convert the characters & < > " in string s to html - safe sequences .
build a gcodepath object .
register the reporter classes with the linter .
generate text for dl screen .
update patch _ file in patch log
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in , redirecting to the log - in page if necessary .
convert addsd to faster addsd _ ccode .
alternative application home page - custom view
returns true if the given string is a well - formed ip address .
block the current greenlet until * io * is ready .
expected no _ params _ with _ context _ _ doc _ _
use a decorator to avoid retyping function / class names .
always returns true .
decompress lzw encoded tiff strip .
get voronoi loop enclosing the inside .
flatten node replies .
print a simple status summary , listing changed files .
return a list of file descriptors .
tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata prefix for given server type .
merge a result into this : class : . query objects session .
draw a plot of two variables with bivariate and univariate graphs .
stop the flask web server by loading / shutdown .
converts value to a python string or , if necessary , unicode - string .
identifies form data as being spam , using the URL service .
make a directory on the filesystem
resolve the raw device that contains the path .
creates the dialog showing the message .
determine whether the user has explicitely set a language earlier on .
return sequence number if name as an int
return a block cipher object for use in encrypt and decrypt .
return map of facls on specified file ( s )
get a file - like object , whether given a fileupload object or an
return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory .
this function is called from a multiprocess instance , to wait for a minion to become available to receive salt commands
converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ; - )
adds current stack trace as a comment in queries by patching
swap axes of inputted tensor
transform strings into instances of : class : symbol class .
it should allow - d flag for vcs links , regression test for issue # 798 .
return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii .
evaluates the inverse cos of an interval
computes the order of a / d at oo , with respect to t .
given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv .
the regularized objective function .
creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
l21 norm for tf .
adds properties for all fields in this protocol message type .
returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime
return the featured entries .
computation graph for the model
validate the format of the given bucket _ name .
return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features
given the data chunk from a dcc query , return a descriptive string .
executes the given rpc .
return volume or none
add value to the output .
assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion
they send us the description as html .
test the behavior of - - editables flag in the list command
instructs chocolatey to disable a source .
calculates the relative z - scores .
worker process used in multiprocessing mode
delete a registry value entry or the default value for a key .
return a list of for each fragment in the video
unzip and de - serialize a python object
test docstring paramters using vispy / utils / tests / test _ docstring _ parameters . py
convert an unsigned integer to bytes : :
check that the given c { value } is of the given c { type } , or raise an exception describing the problem using c { name } .
only available in newer pyqt4 versions
returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme , or none if one is not found .
right is a sibling after left , immediately or not
produces list of unique column names of length n .
get user information from the id _ token or oauth token in the request .
parse p2g format graph from string or iterable .
un - escape any percent - escape sequences in a uri that are unreserved characters .
get a mime multipart encoded string from a cloud - init dict .
tests suggestion can be rejected with a comment .
validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
dummy function for retrieving host and logs
checks whether parameters passed to the * * kwargs argument in a function fname are valid parameters as specified in * compat _ args and whether or not they are set to their default values .
generate the lines we want to format .
private listall function for use on unix and mac machines to find ue9s .
extract offset id from requests dictionary or fail .
we evaluate kroneckerdelta symbols in the expression assuming einstein summation .
get the base directory where ipython itself is installed .
setup the limitlessled lights .
return a numpy array view over the data pointed to by * ptr * with the given * shape * , in c order .
check if there is the jail system is configured by looking at the jailsconfiguration model and jc _ path field
get a dictionary of resource provider usage by resource class .
skip a test unless the condition is true .
decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy are equal w . r . t .
compute _ sum _ solids _ div total angle in chunks .
we know that coefficients are algebraic so construct the extension .
set the locale for the given category .
verify data integrity by ensuring mac is valid .
add a query parameter to the current request url , and return the new url .
run the ampliconnoise pipeline
wait until a unit is in the requested state .
change source string priority .
arch specific wininst build .
return all members of an object as pairs sorted by name .
search for album matches .
gets the record object for a given fqdn .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris
run all the files in filelist from run _ all .
check that bitdepth and colortype are both valid , and specified in a valid combination .
checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not .
search for _ form _ in the index file corresponding to _ pos _ .
set a key / value pair in a keyring service
returns highlights for a string
convert a worksheet name to a quoted name if it contains spaces or special characters .
matplotlib provides the following colormaps .
returns the given text with ampersands , quotes and angle brackets encoded for use in html .
remove admin file
convert a model instances parameter array to an array that can be used with a fitter that doesnt natively support fixed or tied parameters .
display a skeinlayered gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate skeinlayer is selected .
plott histogram of peak - to - peak values .
sends an email using mailgun api .
sets the raw input mode , in windows .
this function converts a date to a month number by flooring to the nearest 12th of a 360 day year .
checks whether user can upload dictionary for given project .
get the default python debugger .
return raw _ body surrounded by p tags
apply a transform matrix to an array of points .
tell the user what framework names are valid .
back - end method to remove a person entity from a role .
expand the : setting : task _ annotations setting .
takes a string and returns the hex of the sha within
asserts the specified attribute of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
initiate a build for the provided job .
builds a dictionary of numbers of samples keyed by metadata value
find a check named check _ name in the given checks _ places and try to initialize it with the given check _ config .
check to see if an rds parameter group exists .
retrieve the current thread policy .
get the stroke radius .
create recurring documents on specific date by copying the original one and notify the concerned people
update a nictag name : string name of nictag mac : string optional new mac for nictag mtu : int optional new mtu for nictag
update " sub " dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes
use a discrete set of source locs / oris to make src space .
get word with alphabet characters and the percent sign stripped from the right .
return the minion keys directory paths .
test if urls to check are blocked or not by hostblocker .
returns the local time zone as defined by the operating system in the registry .
prepare eeg electrode definitions for forward calculation .
removes the domain _ id from the tree if present
stochastic analysis / synthesis of a sound , one frame at a time x : input array sound , h : hop size , n : fft size stocf : decimation factor of mag spectrum for stochastic analysis , bigger than 0 , maximum of 1 returns y : output sound
check icrs < - > gcrs for consistency
computes polynomial lcm over a field in k [ x ] .
compile a template pattern , returning a pattern object .
print dots to indicate idleness
initalize the platform with devices .
get a list of possible topologies for a vcpu count .
validate the beacon configuration
convert celsius to fahrenheit
edit language file
run unit - tests using py . test , with coverage reporting
simple wrapper with logging around sysfs . attr
test edf with overlapping annotations .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
return whether the platform defined by os and version is marked as supported in the package
parse a django _ colors environment variable to produce the system palette
check that we dont try to do multitable updates .
use this only for connection pool specific ldap api .
build a block diagonal sparse matrix from provided matrices .
returns a iso8601 formated date from timestamp
throw away all logs .
main access function for distribute an emote .
get the cert file location or bail
threaded find implementation that provides stat results for files .
returns iterator over a bytestring .
parse a query given as a string argument .
returns the topmost already - existing directory in the given path erasing work - dirs should never progress above this file .
empty the trash
find dogleg step in a rectangular region .
discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . eval ( ) .
left zero pad value x at least to length l .
setup the command line binary sensor .
clean cache for skin translations
a wrapper around strptime .
create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels .
sets the function used to parse the response from the
solve the l1 regularized problem using cvxopt . solvers . cp
select a row in an item view
send an exception and traceback to the logger .
get index of the first occurence of the given letter in the split line , starting with the second word .
removes a check using its id
subscribes a user to an exploration .
use xml character references to escape characters .
checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form .
convert an object to the preferred form for input to the odr routine .
try to auto - detect and remove any borders from the image .
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
remove all user milestones for the course specified by course _ key .
returns the full path of the directory in which builtins are located .
return the shortest path length from source to all reachable nodes .
get the name of a file or folder specified in a path .
remove a search path .
specify binning or bins to be used for column or values .
given a file path , determine the full module path .
sets some meta - information about the application .
return the phonenumberdesc of the metadata for the given number type
helper function for l { safe _ repr } and l { safe _ str } .
translate raw data into a model instance .
return the ip address for a hostname
create a block storage volume name
get the current active configuration of the device .
raises skiptest if the connection is using mim .
see if specified jail is currently running
zfsiostats main loop
same as a + b .
parse date and time string into local time
connect to the given server and return a non - blocking socket .
returns the number of possible actions for the given atari game
load tm from the database
create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach .
a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt add , modify the value of , or remove any other keys from its data dict param .
loads user images from given file ( s )
builds and returns the requests representation string .
turn number of seconds into human readable string
get the real path for the volume block device .
context processor necessary for openstack dashboard functionality .
geocoding is the process of converting addresses into geographic coordinates , which you can use to place markers or position the map .
create an alert generation function that writes to warnfile .
parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings .
find mapping from one set of channels to another .
obtain and return the request token , and send user to the oauth autorization url in their browser
delete keypair given by its name .
make sure a message intended for rpc can be serialized .
remove element from the dictionary .
unpack a set of ints previously packed using packintset .
join a channel sopel is invited to , if the inviter is an admin .
creates a group page .
extract backgrounds from provided tar archive .
compile several source files .
synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq , tmag , tphase : sinusoidal frequencies , amplitudes and phases ; stocenv : stochastic envelope
return root name for the current project
returns the iso country code equivalent of the current registered operators mcc .
provided for backwards compatibility .
returns the energy psi _ { n } for a 1d potential hole with infinity borders n the " principal " quantum number .
numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function .
return a string made up of random chars from alphabet .
print to a file the graph of a compiled theano functions ops .
synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus residual model tfreq , tmag , tphase : sinusoidal frequencies , amplitudes and phases ; stocenv : stochastic envelope
freeze python types by turning them into immutable structures .
returns a solexa fastq encoded quality string .
returns an absolute path for the destination of a symlink
detects text in the file .
returns the url and token for a captcha challenge issued by the server .
check the version of npm to ensure this module will work .
queries contacts for the current user .
helper method for parse _ results ( ) .
an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
read channel information .
wrap a function in a processor that calls f on the argument before passing it along .
gets the names of all non user - visible special properties .
return a basic dns resolver object .
convert from datetime to sif .
returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
issue a warning with a paramterized string , limiting the number of registrations .
return dictionary from imagej image description byte string .
show the full status of the bcache system and optionally all its involved devices
allocate gpu data buffer
returns a new list with elements of the iterable lst excepting those satisfying predicate .
create a file - like object for the specified url to read from .
setup a demo environment .
creates the setup _ py for a pants contrib plugin artifact .
download pricing file from the file _ url and save it to file _ path .
return template for a capa inputtype .
get the setup section from each module .
return the network api functions
return x times the hanning window of len ( x )
connect to a pb server running on port 8800 on localhost and log in to it , both anonymously and using a username / password it will recognize .
returns a list of subclass strings .
this one is still wrong , use cov _ cluster instead
updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
return the service corresponding to a description .
convert a python scalar to the appropriate numpy dtype if possible
scan for which vulnerability / stack address to use
return an encoder for a basic varint value .
a handler for 404s
parses one and exactly one stream that encapsulates a boundary .
ensure all roles are present , and apply implicit instrumentation if needed
set attributes on an sqs queue .
service that will toggle the target .
resolve the order of all dependencies starting at a given register .
generate the pillar and apply an explicit external pillar
byte - compile all modules in the given directory tree .
dummy function called after each event loop , this method only ensures the child process eventually exits .
create a loopback tls connection with the given trust and keys .
coerce types t and s to a common type , or raise typeerror .
selects a path with highest local - preference .
render time in the current locale
filters out results based on filter _ words name : name to check filter _ words : words to filter on , separated by comma
returns full file path for test files .
update portage package definitions .
for each sub node , we call recursively this function .
return a representation of the operations in expr .
writeable file object that atomically updates a file .
return all autoscale groups visible in the account .
decorator that will run the function and print a line - by - line profile
return mounted partitions as a list of namedtuple .
tells the stackdepth of a gdb frame .
return true if there are any duplicate elements in seq .
returns the stability for the population averaged over multiple time steps
add a bdd section to the test output .
receive use request to view comments .
helper function to catch possible lock exception .
this function takes a gdal spatialreference system and adds its information to the spatial _ ref _ sys table of the spatial backend .
return the mp version of c { % z } .
returns a list of video filters that are available .
converts binary representation to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string .
use gridlogger for all logging events .
runs the babysitter as a daemon process .
current time as iso string , as timeutils . isotime ( ) is deprecated
enroll or unenroll users in beta testing program .
a generator that works as a drop - in - replacement for read _ tasks .
generates a random name ; useful for testing .
prints a summary of a layer .
print tree with indentation
convert jinja2 file to python preserving only messages .
wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
forcibly removes all caches on a minion .
set the locale for the given category .
build a stack object from an xml element , deprecated for the next version .
run a shell command in a new terminal . app window .
read named ranges , excluding poorly defined ranges .
format list of tracks for output to mpd client .
construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
return indices over each shape that broadcast them to match out _ shape .
get the description of available chapters for specific title .
plot a data snr estimate .
run another program , specified as a command list cmd , in a new process .
do tasks related to connecting to the network .
helps identifying a rational number from a float value by using a continued fraction .
build a nested network .
the same as the training model , except it acts on an arbitrarily sized input , and slides the 128x64 window across the image in 8x8 strides .
install a signal handler which will write a byte to c { fd } when
parse a channel mode string .
prepare the data by optionally clipping and copying , and return the array that should be subsequently used for in - place calculations .
try to return the layouts title as string , return none if not found
create a single vm from a data dict
return true if the file has been signed .
format mac address in internal representation into human readable form
return available opennebula images .
this splits the input string into a list .
convert a morsel object into a cookie containing the one k / v pair .
given a candidate albuminfo object , attempt to add the candidate to the output dictionary of albummatch objects .
return the petersen graph .
set the ruleset .
tensor product among scalars or array - like objects .
create a new wassuccessful method that checks errorclasses for exceptions that were put into other slots than error or failure but that still count as not success .
given the progress return a suitable object derived from
used by the asset - assign to person page
gets the zone object for a given domain name .
check if the current cached config is stale , and if so update it .
set : app : pyramid registry and request thread locals for the duration of a single unit test .
standardize a dataset along any axis
create an instance of the gax subscriber api .
calculate the number of data points to render for a given interval .
serialize python data to json .
check the student existing certificates against a given course .
raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
test filter section
helper to create a validating parse action to be used with start tags created with c { l { makexmltags } } or c { l { makehtmltags } } .
verify the cuda ndarray interface for an obj
create permissions for restricted metrics
checks that field _ data is a string of e - mail addresses separated by commas .
use a hack to try keep autosimplification from joining integer or minus sign into an add of a mul ; this modification doesnt prevent the 2 - arg mul from becoming an add , however .
check if input string is a float
bind the arguments provided into a dict .
allows you to look up something by version ( e . g . which jobconf variable to use , specifying only the versions where that value changed .
dumps level 3 information about the current user
return the path to the merged system and user ca bundles
shard routing allocation
relative strength index
formats a task eta as a date string in utc .
get all floating ip addresses of an instance .
get or create an ec2 instance id from uuid .
get system specific hardware data from dmidecode
make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding .
internal unpickling function .
returns seqrecord objects for each chain in a pdb file .
detect infinite - capacity negative cycles .
store a certain value in a profile setting .
retrieve configuration from network device , save to filesystem .
checks that the new block is directly in a namespace .
list rules for a security group .
returns command of process .
notifies award recipient that he / she has an award !
map words from word2vec into rnn word space
returns a config _ id for a given linode .
handle for babi task .
execute the converter using parameters provided on the command line
factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication , correctly wrapped with needed middleware .
verify a chain of certificates .
get the next int32 generated by the prng at * state _ ptr * .
skipping an end _ group tag returns - 1 to tell the parent loop to break .
derive ini file path from a partial path .
helper function that recursively returns an object with the specified related attributes already populated .
inline all toctrees in the * tree * .
n341 - check usage of builtins gettext _ ( ) .
checks for stylistic issues that are an issue according to the parts of pep8 we conform to .
pure implementation of the insertion sort algorithm in python
shortcut to get instance name .
make an ssp operator using the measurement info .
create a data frame with summary statistics .
wrapper around xenapiplugin . dispatch which handles pickle serialization .
clip output image to range of values of input image .
start background worker process .
perform the ansari - bradley test for equal scale parameters
patched version of urllib . quote that encodes utf8 strings before quoting .
get a raw path
rearrange columns into image blocks .
parameters l : list of arrays
return the number of a month by english name
cartesian product of a list of arrays
this is a cross platform temporary file creation .
gets a cooked path - - a list of
helper method for choose _ names that implements basic checks on domain names
filter sequence of receivers to get resolved , live receivers
this function removes the given prefix from a string , if the string does indeed begin with the prefix ; otherwise , it returns the string unmodified .
defines the default lenet argument scope .
create path and mission as an image file
lowest value over a specified period
creates and returns a # multiencoder including a scalarencoder for energy consumption and a dateencoder for the time of the day .
validates the config , and sets defaults within it if set _ defaults is set .
generates a octahedron - shaped structuring element .
convert multi - dimensional index to the position in the flat list .
convert a fixed - width file to csv using a csv - formatted schema description .
clean orphaned vdis .
check alias existance
return true if the object is a built - in function or method .
create all output directories .
return cell values row - by - row
system information type 2bis section 9 . 1 . 33
a class decorator to add volumeservice specific command line options to flocker commands .
get and add indexed loops .
encode data into version a binary stream .
startup the load testing server .
juice from a source file the four args needed by decoder .
test if frac is a nonnegative dyadic fraction or integer .
given a courses start datetime , returns whether the current times past it .
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix - vector multiplication .
grant permissions to the passed user
returns the mezzanine profile model , defined in settings . accounts _ profile _ model , or none if no profile model is configured .
decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
get the reordering indices for a morphed source space .
clears compatversion cache when version deleted .
transform object making it suitable for json serialization .
ensure that the named schema is present in the database .
updates iis with the supplied script map information .
similar to smart _ bytes , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
return true if the requester authored the given content , false otherwise
restful crud controller for community contacts
creates fasta format from a record
return the degrees of the two node sets in the bipartite graph b .
delete a dataset relationship .
inverts a directed graph .
logs out the current .
return betweenness for the threshold graph with the given creation sequence .
execute sphinx doctest target .
build word numeral regexp from list .
return axes matching new shape .
list keys in gpg keychain user
removes values for the given session variables names if they exist .
rounds each new x to nearest input x and returns corresponding input y .
set the active log format for the smtp virtual server .
get the extrusion craft sequence .
save json to file .
edit a specified user .
open a file thru the finder .
parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command .
create a window that displays the window too small text .
parse the url line
check localization in line .
require that a file exists , whose contents should come from a url
get extrude output for a cylinder gear .
resolve the urlconf module for a path + title combination
a decorator used to set an attr for each service used in a test case
solves an nth order linear homogeneous differential equation with constant coefficients .
decorator for versioning api methods .
set or delete metadata on an image .
same as cpu _ percent ( ) but provides utilization percentages for each specific cpu time as is returned by cpu _ times ( ) .
return value of deprecated login _ lock _ out _ by _ combination _ browser _ user _ agent _ and _ ip config
handle both simple and complex cors requests
convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix .
create the native application .
add a new var to the make . conf .
return true if target is out - of - date with respect to any file listed in sources .
return the details of an instance , populating ips , etc .
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the dog - leg trust - region algorithm .
for getting ogrenvelopes .
return list of all valid releases
the behavior of 3 . 2 and lower .
returns from string ip _ addr _ port
build up version string , with post - release " local version identifier " .
render about page
check that the headers of an upload are reasonable .
get an instance of a active plugin by name .
helper function to format api return information into a more manageable and useful dictionary for issue information .
returns either module config or file config .
returns a foreignstruct instance or none
iterate all modules and top - level packages on the global python path , but do not descend into packages .
detects paths in a list of windows registry strings .
ensures that the rules sections in target _ dict are valid and consistent , and determines which sources they apply to .
loads a router for choosing which connection to use .
inclusive range from start to end ( vs .
this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master .
tower a gcode linear move file .
return user information
display a group of rgb or greyscale cnn masks .
returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping , and a set of failures which are tuples .
download a script and execute it with specified arguments .
read a local path , with special support for directories
find the best match for a mime - type amongst parsed media - ranges .
builds a codeobj summary by identifying and resolving used names > > > code = . . .
view decorator that requires the user to have permission to use the support ui .
return true if the image is visible in this context .
report the versions of dependent and system software
retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
upload monitor to image service as image .
test to make sure the reader ignores whitespace at the end of fields .
calulate exact roots of a solvable quintic
evaluate colors from the indipendence properties of the matrix
create new x509 _ extension , this is required because m2crypto doesnt support getting the publickeyidentifier from the issuer to create the authoritykeyidentifier extension .
helper to load prefs from ~ / . vispy / vispy . json
uses generator to return next useragent in saved file
assemble and return a lazy gettext function for a given domain .
default results extractor that does nothing .
add to threads from the last location from nested rings .
deep copies properties in source _ dict [ properties ] to target _ dict [ properties ] .
get all file types supported by the editor
only display a file once even if its been uploaded for several platforms .
converts urls into clickable links , truncating urls to the given character limit , and adding rel = nofollow attribute to discourage spamming .
get the first file name from the translators in the import plugins folder , if the file name is not already set .
generate all postfixes of a sequence .
convert raw node information to a node or leaf instance .
loop until a state has been reached .
returns true if the given protocolerror is the product of a server - side exception caused by the temporarily unavailable response sometimes given by operations on non - blocking sockets .
enters transaction management for a running thread .
find control files in file system and load a list with their info .
create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata .
get new repository .
retrieves the request from the current thread .
add various standard command line options to flocker commands .
return the addon guid if < = 64 chars , or its sha256 hash otherwise .
encode a string using base64 .
given an executable filename , find in the path or find absolute path .
fixture to patch imports using importfake .
identity response section 9 . 2 . 11
returns check description , or its id if check is not known .
instruments the given method on the given object to verify the number of calls to the method is exactly equal to num _ calls .
remove an analysis .
function to create apiserver dispatcher .
document the parameters of a method .
given a multi - part - mime - encoded input file object and boundary , yield file - like objects for each part .
filters out the unregistered ports .
helper method for building and executing popen command .
returns an adbdevice instance for the currently - selected device .
return task flow for converting images to different formats .
return list with source file separated into code and text blocks .
convert windows 64 - bit duration to string .
support function for copy _ reg to pickle stringio . outputtypes
process the upload form .
blend the img onto a canvas with the specified background color and size
traverse translatable index node from a document tree .
return type string of an object .
gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type .
add get params to provided url being aware of existing .
determine if the word ends with a list .
run the experiment in the with a reduced iteration count
loads settings from a file path , returning a dict .
starts and stops the server for each app in apps
helper to return the number of seconds between utc and pacific time .
generates the sitemap . xml from the collected html page links
send an html email as multipart with attachments and all
inserts values into tablename .
delete a user policy .
main entry point for module execution
load all firewall rules
computes polynomial lcm of f and g in k [ x ] .
flatten a shallow list .
raise a saltinvocationerror if invalid _ kwargs is non - empty
create an output stream into file with given name .
encode sentences into the joint embedding space
generate base64 encoded image from srouce file .
this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c * running
provides an authed http object .
create a new figure manager instance
verify that python is uninstalled
helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression , that is , it looks for a repeat of a previous expression .
expected simple _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
called from digits . model . views . models _ show ( )
get the job data for the front page tables
compute the shape of the outputs given the shape of the inputs of a theano graph .
return a subplot axes positioned by the given grid definition .
find alpha that satisfies strong wolfe conditions .
checks if a servicegroup is tied to a vserver
remove rebroadcast if id does not actually change the broadcasting pattern .
convert a scipy . sparse . coo _ matrix to a sparseseries .
given an addressfamily , return an addresses objects containing all of its addressables .
builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date .
calculates miller indices from points .
get the instapush notification service .
only allow player objects with a permission * higher * in the permission hierarchy than the one given .
set the instances assigned to an elb to exactly the list given
make sure process name is recorded when loggers are used
check if apply _ user _ permissions is checked for a doctype , perm type , user combination
discover and run all tests in testdir
reindex object after delete .
callback for an option with variable arguments .
get new derivation .
the register endpoint is used to add a new check to the local agent .
return the product b * a ; input and output are array forms .
adds a team member to a team with team _ name .
this is a class factory that closes over the value of follow _ redirects so that the redirecthandler class has access to that value without having to use globals , and potentially cause problems where open _ url or fetch _ url are used multiple times in a module .
requests a new account activation token .
find the first index position for the which the callable pred returns false
adds a qos to tenant association
gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
updates the course blocks for the specified course .
split a string into array of words
detect filename from the name of the script being run .
the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2
helper to do checks on psd data / pull arrays from inst .
given a course _ key return a set of strings representing cohorted commentables .
read user config file and return it as a dict .
view applying a task .
transform tokens back into python source code .
provides a simple function for specifying a blend data operation .
discretize model by performing a linear interpolation .
returns the plural of a given word .
abort ( ) should raise systemexit
validate the tzinfo option
elementwise arccosine function .
generates the list column headers .
blocked tags are not allowed .
sets the number of instances on the module and version .
delete all systems from spacewalk
associate project with network .
decode a l { bytearray } contents to a c { uuid . uuid } instance .
return overlaps between an encoding and other encodings relative to it
display the gcode text in a skeiniso viewer .
compute shi - tomasi corner measure response image .
sends the reset password instructions email for the specified user .
register field definition class .
yield the full completion shell script as strings .
returns the name of the default version for the module .
setup the netatmo thermostat .
stores a new comment for the given unit .
sends a gcm or fcm notification to one or more registration _ ids .
remove bonjour registration
create a gpg object given a gpg _ keydir , and then use it to try to decrypt the data to be rendered .
get the carving for the parser .
loads the given data file into bigquery .
version of state . nested _ parse ( ) that allows titles and does not require titles to have the same decoration as the calling document .
warn if dependencies arent met .
create bem surfaces using the freesurfer watershed algorithm .
main cert installer path .
returns a key function that produces a key by removing params from a url .
decode a base64 encoded string .
return a generator for the responses to a zone transfer .
find the positions of the minimums of the values of an array at labels .
effects after the computation is complete
task that both logs and print strings containing funny characters .
retrieve the list of supported language ids from the device .
decodes an address from serialization
replace a given name in any lc _ load _ dylib command found in the given binary with a new name , provided its shorter .
build an xoauth string for use in smtp / impa authentication .
adds a qos to tenant association
helper function for returning an error to the caller .
index array with an iterable of index
yields all groupby member defs for dataframe / series names in _ whitelist .
build and submit the requestdata to create a new node
return the compact current working directory .
force autoescape behaviour for this block .
create a wheel from a package with latin - 1 encoded setup . py .
retrieve a tenant by name
write the core workbook xml .
list all members in this group .
make the top level scons envrionment object
extract message details which may help identify the mua .
yield distributions accessible via path _ item
erase columns of zeros : can save some time in pseudoinverse .
validate the domain portion of a jid .
prints / logs any warnings that arent critical but should be noted .
decorator to serialize a protobuf message .
tests for the existance of a bucket and if the user can access it with the given keys
infer a name : use name lookup rules
creates a skip decorator for a unittest module test from a bear .
write an stc file .
get the initial version of a migrate repository .
method to merge 2 policies dictionaries to a single .
given a document and an dictionnary fields , returns a list of csv lines .
only works with systemd or on supported posix - like systems
check if a given container exists container container id
adds a databases to the mysql server .
returns the path to a package or cwd if that cannot be found .
gets the date on which the password expires
generate all valid filenames for the given file .
check out or update the given projects repository
compute the pseudo - inverse of a matrix .
unquotes a header value .
given a topic rule name describe its properties .
return the rsa * public key * pair , , where n is a product of two primes and e is relatively prime to the euler totient phi ( n ) .
perform any argument value coercion necessary for unix client parameters .
rt - - gets ratings for from rotten tomatoes
get all specs for an attachment .
return cpu information for bsd - like systems
get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder .
extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below .
pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
query nameservers to find the answer to the question .
turn negative 32 - bit numbers into positive numbers .
loads translations from csv files in a directory .
given the before and after copies of refcounts works out which aliases have been added to the after copy .
break up an order by expression into individual column - expressions , without desc / asc / nulls first / nulls last
decorator for registering api function .
obtain a git client from a url .
required method to auto register this checker
send output to a file or a standard output .
item _ dict is a dictionary , fields is something like item _ distro . fields
a function to check if the primary server of a replica set has changed
return cache or the default cache if cache is not specified or cache is not configured .
wraps words at specified line length .
parse entry as returned by boottool .
decorator for views requiring data profiling access
helper method to generate urls .
tests the welch and multitaper psd .
get a new qwebpage object .
if data is too big for the field , it would cause a failure to insert , so we shorten it , truncating in the middle ( because valuable information often shows up at the end .
validate a google storage bucket path .
set the current axes instance to * ax * .
in the case that a corrupt file is found , move it to a quarantined area to allow replication to fix it .
creates a file at the given path .
index slice start / stop .
need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path python $ _ _ tool _ directory _ _ / lped _ to _ pbed _ converter . py $ input1 / $ input1 . metadata . base _ name $ output1 $ output1 . extra _ files _ path $ { galaxy _ data _ index _ dir } / rg / bin / plink
get a managed instance group from gce .
asserts if some corresponding element of x and y differs too much .
calculates the t - test for the mean of one group of scores .
returns a list of the names of columns that contain foreign keys for relationships in the specified model class .
remove user from a group
get all available regions for the aws lambda service .
repostion division statement
avoid saving multiple logging levels for the same loggers to a save file , that just takes space and the list can potentially grow unbounded if for some odd reason people use : option - - save all the time .
delete an exploration summary model .
run migrations in online mode .
doctest / unittest interface to routes _ onerror
discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . eval ( )
return a dict containing all of the execution modules with a report on the overall availability via different references
attempts to find the base directory where ivre components are installed .
remove bgp from the config
this method converts a torrent that has been received by remote peers in the network to a json dictionary .
return a dict containing the necessary objects for deployment .
build a zipline data bundle from the quandl wiki dataset .
given a column parser to deserialize resultmessages , return a suitable
test that only identical strings score 100 on the test .
list all available package upgrades .
find a root of a function in an interval .
unzip the given file and make file records for each of the extracted files
change control owned by me page
ensure that the named database is present with the specified properties name
produces rst from nose help
betweenness centrality for nodes in the graph .
constructs and sends a : class : request .
invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end .
lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review
extend data using a length and an offset .
get count of properties for a namespace , raise if ns doesnt exist .
return the metadata for a bucket , or an object in a bucket .
leaves of an expression skipping all operations of type types
univariate division with remainder over a ring .
allow only set , frozenset and self . _ _ class _ _ - derived objects in binops .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
update user role in the organization .
add a new converted compensation data item .
replaces bad characters with good characters !
minifies the javascript
return a list of unique data values .
load an object from a file .
load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class .
utility function that will create joinkey tuple from an anonymous tuple , dictionary or similar object .
assemble formatted text from structured information .
test module docstring formatting
get a metadef property
download the current mission from the vehicle .
retrieves all matches from string as a dict
generates the series of links to the pages in a paginated list .
symbols after a decimal point , - 1 if the string lacks the decimal point .
returns dataset from tsv stream .
a generic function to return the index from values .
create a callable template with the given key and typer function .
outputs the first variable passed that is not false , without escaping .
creates content types for models in the given app , removing any model entries that no longer have a matching model class .
verifies a cypher with the public key key
makes histogram data for pre and post lengths
return the clients preferred media - type .
return full path to the user - shared data dir for this application .
given two typeids , return constraint . satisfied _ by .
transform an expression into a multinomial form .
coerce value to an json - compatible representation .
lists all public groups on mozillians .
determine the per - course verification statuses for a given user .
create the tls connection and negotiate a next protocol .
used by custom signatures in . from _ dict , to keep common fields .
creates a new : class : collection with the given label and alias and returns it .
desaturates the picture , makes it black and white .
given a user , return a filtered set of his or her course enrollments .
get measurement info .
this currently only works when registrationimagetypes has length of exactly 1 .
return the contents of an interface script
writes a file to disk
returns the tense id for a given .
converts from a : class : ~ datetime . datetime object to an integer timestamp , suitable interoperation with : func : time . time and other epoch - based timestamps .
reset the syslog service to its default settings .
checking equality of different representations of conditionset
read compensation coefficients .
return if we are a sparse array
return parallel instance with delayed function .
create assembly manifest .
read the torrent file and return the torrent name .
add a store _ fs for pootle _ path
update the image displayed by an image plot .
helper method for getting file size of an upload file .
gets the solr version for the core specified .
list vms on this azure account
wraps a property so it is lazily evaluated .
transform an xri to uri normal form .
stops a running container name
returns a list of intervals for categorical colormaps
find vimeo player url .
retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command .
central place to make any v1 api request .
verify that the overlay is absent name
parameter to setup / teardown xunit - style functions parameter is now optional .
builds and retrieves an oauth signed response .
filters out non - english and just all - around stupid releases by comparing them to the resultfilters contents .
pseudo - interactive function for tracing references backward .
conveniently get the security configuration for the specified application without the annoying security _ prefix .
creates a new security group rule
encode a list s - expression .
fetch user input and unify input prompts
enables ensuring that one of multiple optional fields is set
signal an error condition - - in a gui , popup a error dialog
estimate mutual information between the features and the target .
normalize an expression objects parts , collapsing multiple adjacent text blocks and removing empty text blocks .
return the permutations of the 3x3 rubiks cube , see URL
read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument
reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed
encode some content in base64 .
combine multiple context managers into a single nested context manager .
convert a subscription to the native object .
function from python 2 . 7s unittest . util .
update a child cell entry .
returns true if doc matches filters
install the given function as a signal handler for all common shutdown signals .
check or auto - determine the origin .
returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
read a sequence of s - expressions from the stream , and leave the streams file position at the end the last complete s - expression read .
write a double - precision floating point tag to a fif file .
patch translation into the nsis script
try writing a network to an xml file , reading it , rewrite it , reread it , and compare if the result looks the same
authentication handler that checks against djangos auth database .
query the search system
registers the given event handler .
returns a dictionary of { field _ index : } representing all relationships to the given table .
normalize the directory to make comparison possible
get information about arguments passed into a particular frame .
iterate over partitions across all devices .
return dictionary with information about databases of a postgres server .
construct an ip datagram with the given source , destination , and application payload .
get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to .
show details about the given image .
soft - delete a general file from plotly .
compute the l2 - norm of 1d - array * a * .
calculates distance matrix on a single column of a mapping file inputs : column _ data
return the tenant the request should be limited to .
check to see if an elb exists .
compute the hyperbolic tan function inplace .
return a build graph and scheduler configured for bld . json files under the given build root .
list all the resource pools for this vmware environment
write out configuration file .
given rest api id , return all resources for this api .
given file handle , reads file generated with ssaha2 and stores all matches as list ssahapematches dictionary
returns a sensible label for a field name .
send an pushover message with the data
helper function that returns all information about a named node .
change the default shell of the user
get the next child index .
set the http referer
map a source file path to an output html path .
return the url encoded name .
clean up urlpattern regexes into something more readable by humans .
merge the return data from all returners
demo based on images dumped during training
this is a helper function that takes a sort string eg name asc , last _ modified desc and returns a list of split field order eg [ , ] allowed _ fields can limit which field names are ok .
expands the provided stride to size n and pads it with 1s .
return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter .
to use ldap login with ms active directory : from gluon . contrib . login _ methods . ldap _ auth import ldap _ auth auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) to use ldap login with notes domino : auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) to use ldap login with openldap : auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) to use ldap login with openldap and subtree search and multiple dns : auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) or : auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) or you can full customize the search for user : auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( ldap _ auth ) the custom _ scope can be : base , onelevel , subtree .
return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time .
ensure that attempting to write sequences with duplicate ids after truncation fails for phylip format .
finds a system symbol .
a view that returns a post form
given a directory path , find the topmost project root .
return the zero module element .
iterate sagittal slices .
args tid : thread id data : scalar input for tid temp : shared memory for temporary work
format options then call func with args and options and return the appropriate result .
generate the dir for an instances disk .
import the files in the given list of paths or matching the query .
return the information on the named vm
product of a list of numbers ; ~ 40x faster vs np . prod for python tuples
convert string to python object
generates simple de .
remove an ace to an object path : path to the object user : user to remove permission : permissions for the user acetypes : either allow / deny for each user / permission propagation : how the ace applies to children for registry keys and directories
install package dependencies
split a pathname into drive and path specifiers .
wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete .
given a gui string return the gui and mpl backend .
return an opts package with the grains and opts for this minion .
generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json
creates cuckoo directories .
returns false if any of the ancestors of page are unpublished , otherwise true .
returns a dictionary of arg _ name : default _ values for the input function
check that the username leads to an existing player .
tool for influencing cache mechanisms using the expires header .
replace nones in slices with integers > > > normalize _ slice ( slice ) slice
read jobs attributes from file
add trunk details to a port .
check if argument is int
this function takes a regexp or a string and returns a pattern and some flags , suitable for use with re . compile ( ) , combined with another pattern before .
capture the previously created hold on the participants credit card .
yields relevant closed issues given a list of issues .
return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect , depending on the http protocol version .
write an index file .
parse the optional fields for kern pair data and composites return value is a which are the return values from : func : _ parse _ kern _ pairs , and
context manager for temporary cwd
determine if no _ prereq _ install should be truthy or falsy .
checks if a string is a valid irc nick .
render pagination for a page
compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line .
search argv for options specifying short and longopt alternatives .
get all parents tensors .
perform steps until a non - false result is returned .
processes translation suggestions and stores them in the database .
build a dictionary to swap randomsymbols based on their underlying symbol .
merge evoked data by weighted addition or subtraction .
manages the configuration on network devices .
set up keystone credentials .
change tv _ download directory
return the directory path where package is located .
create dictionaries over register sizes and relations
test drawing rectpolygons without transform using rectpolygonvisual
returns a random global string from a module .
reconstruct skeleton matrix from complex id .
tournament selection based on dominance ( d ) between two individuals , if the two individuals do not interdominate the selection is made based on crowding distance .
build a lookup from image file to bounding boxes .
returns a form field for a db . postaladdressproperty .
parameters op : object
given a list representing an artist - credit block , flatten the data into a triple of joined artist name strings : canonical , sort , and credit .
convert png file to icns using iconutil .
brings the string to the given length by either removing characters or adding spaces .
return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
add the decorated method to the given class ; replace as needed .
legos are pre - built blocks . . .
add a member to the group .
returns true if the last line was read from sys . stdin , otherwise returns false .
returns the minimum of an array along an axis ignoring nan .
check the contents of file2 for substrings found in file1 , on a per - line basis .
decorator for parameterized test w . r . t .
context for the learner profile page .
extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
return an interable of emailmessages to send when a new post is created .
iterate over documents of the reuters dataset .
provides the enumeration value for a given key .
get the couchbase options from salt .
verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call .
true if the node only contains one paragraph .
reboot the container by sending a sigint to its init process .
matches the user provided fs _ type and fs _ makeopt with the current disk .
can be used to cache any function including ones in modules , as long as the cached function is only called within a web2py request
same behavior as sorted _ list _ difference but for lists of unorderable items .
parse a url into 5 components :
calculate the relative maxima of data .
returns an approximate minimum weighted vertex cover .
return true if the current machine is licensed correctly
parses and returns the docker version info
set configuration for forward node settings , adding a log if url has changed .
send me a list of
return lowercase and stemmed version of string text .
pushes a celery task which will aggregate ora2 responses for a course into a . csv
get the size of a finder window for folder , specify by path .
a helper method to get a blank context .
the main entrypoint .
only work on solaris based systems
retrieve an icrs object by using an online name resolving service to retrieve coordinates for the specified name .
get translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
method to detect if csp policies are specified for script / style , to allow unsafe inline content to be loaded .
derivative of log pdf of standard normal with respect to y
returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
jose base64 encode .
prepare the master working set and make the require ( )
authenticate & obtain cert , but do not install it .
updates the data by inserting all not found records
returns the given string as a unicode string .
returns for all permissions in the given opts .
write a value to a gpio .
combine two caller lists in a single list .
strip out user - configured sensitive event data .
sort the numerical roots putting the real roots first , then sorting according to real and imaginary parts .
given a supplied objects . computenode object , return a dict , keyed by resource class , of various inventory information .
set the value of the setting for an iis container .
verify that extras _ require mapping is valid
split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence
check if the generated html documentation is up to date .
shuffle a list of flags . glance _ api _ servers and return an iterator that will cycle through the list , looping around to the beginning if necessary .
merges the global xcode _ settings dictionary into each configuration of the target represented by spec .
a plot function to plot implicit equations / inequalities .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ eval _ in .
checks if value is a localizable type and returns it formatted as a string using current locale format .
expand ~ user / and environment $ variables
get the face which is shared by two edges .
marks the value as a string that should not be auto - escaped .
turns a long - int into a normalized byte string
saves an image with pixel values in [ 0 , 1 ]
validate a given xsrf token by retrieving it from memcache .
determine whether the provided snapshot in repository is in _ progress .
answers broadcasted queries with the port of the rpyc server on this machine .
destroy the consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist .
display the skeinlayer dialog .
pluralizes the item _ type if the count does not equal one .
list the files that belong to a package , grouped by package .
this test is specifically designed to trigger URL and thus it expects the install to fail .
a dummy function allowing us to build cell objects .
get hosts for the specified aggregate .
test unsupervised spatial filter .
only work on debian and when systemd isnt running
updates the settings for each store defined in the given module _ store _ setting settings with the given doc store configuration and options , overwriting existing keys .
enable an apache module .
relies upon _ simplification _ technique _ 1 for its functioning .
generate key for use to authentication
inside the prompting taken from the cookiecutter . json file , this renders the next variable .
converts the specified variables to seconds
get cluster and host from the parameters .
set up the system monitor sensors .
create a style dict from a configuration file .
list the journals specified in the configuration file
generate a simple dataset .
return a previously created instance bound to ip and port .
returns a closure suitable for use as function / method decorator for retrying a function being decorated .
process the xml element .
copy a file or a directory .
create a network from semi - scratch with multiple controllers .
returns the jacobian for discrete regressors for use in margeff _ cov _ params .
restful crud controller
computes the binary cross - entropy between predictions and targets .
run the given events through a stripped down version of the loop in
return a test resource in dictionary form .
prints out a buckets access control list for a given user .
unroll group with only one member .
get all the equivalents of the given release group .
shows the specified template as an html page .
get a loop _ function that extracts the previous symbol and embeds it .
wrap format function to trap masked values .
returns the definite article for a given word .
helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections
creates the output filename .
find nodes of the given kind from a directory tree structure .
this can be used as key argument to sorted .
this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session .
get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
logs the user out of desktop
train a word2vec model .
returns a tuple , , with the scene numbering , otherwise returns the xem numbering , otherwise returns the tvdb numbering .
return a wrapper function for a follow _ * function .
install frozenimporter class and other classes into the import machinery .
compute the contingency matrices for each column of x versus the vector y .
loads a yaml configuration from a string or file - like object .
does basic requested access validation .
return a filename suitable for the cache .
completes given worksheet from given dataset .
extend a packages path .
return available packet os images .
get an html response for a given named layer .
get transparent _ torification variable . "
lookup dns aaaa records for a given host .
ten most popular add - ons are listed
combine two caller lists in a single list .
pollards rho algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n .
get the points from every point on a loop and between points .
download a file from the device , and extract its contents .
find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g .
generates top - level dashboard navigation entries .
parses a string and return a datetime . datetime .
split an iterator into chunks with n elements each .
decorator for views that tries getting the page from the cache and populates the cache if the page isnt in the cache yet .
retrieve the number of elements to show .
returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate .
stacks 1 - d and 2 - d arrays as columns into a 2 - d array .
decorator to protect post ( ) handlers against xsrf attacks .
given a sequence of : class : path objects , returns the bounding box that encapsulates all of them .
oozie needs to be available as it is the backend .
returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj .
grade crystallography problem .
convert an object to either a scalar or a row or column vector .
generic is _ missing function that handles nan and nat .
generate a ros - legal anonymous name
convert a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing " - " to " _ " .
generate source code for expressions in a given language .
take pear remote - info output and get the latest version
home a gcode linear move file or text .
require a smartos package to be uninstalled .
convert digest to long
this is similar to how the : class : file works but for manual usage .
splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile , will return branch and file else none .
extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume .
html document generator visit handler
gets a parameter value from request query parameters .
extracts key values from the given entity .
fast sanger fastq to qual conversion .
set a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property value : string value of property
translate template prefix into language lng
compute and return a pair .
only works on windows systems .
uses spacy to quickly tokenize text and return an array of indices .
encodes html entities in the given string .
group edit view
add reference channels to data that consists of all zeros .
returns all randomsymbols within a sympy expression .
returns nth moment of timeseries .
return an equality condition object suitable for use in a constraint .
implements a logical or according to the logic : - positive integers are variables - negative integers are negations of positive variables - lowercase true and false are fixed values - none is an unknown value
returns the permissions for a given document as a dictionary
plot an ideal filter response .
create the configuration from a file .
check color validity
get gits version and ensure a usable version is installed .
stop the specified service
test freezing a svn checkout
create a new plot .
replacement for builtin compile ( ) function
sends the contents of a file to the client .
only if alternatives dir is available
render text documentation , given an object or a path to an object .
map function sorting records .
mock unicode function for python 2 and 3 compatibility .
approximation of text bounds
conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions .
replace python dotted path to directory - like one .
return metadata from the provided metadata _ url
compare the function names .
returns default context for all views as dict ( )
lookup the first value given a key .
generates the controllers xml for the database table field .
for new versions pending review , ensure nomination date is inherited from last nominated version .
redirects the other partys stdin , stdout and stderr to those of the local party , so remote io will occur locally .
parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
a signal receiver which updates the last _ login date for the user logging in .
download workflow at url to a local temporary file
encrypts a message using encryption key ekey , working modulo n
check if file has been written in last 60 seconds
directory tree walk with callback function .
add a list of two - tuples to the uri query components .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argument , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
add remaining sequences and fill with gaps if neccessary
only load this module if the mysql libraries exist
if s is a path , return s , else false
this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is snappy .
tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution .
determines whether a node is an isolate .
decorator for reduction methods .
return the name of the file currently being read .
parse lines of a graph adjacency list representation .
make boilerplate list views .
view decorator for sending a cross - domain csrf cookie .
this returns all of the descendants of a descriptor .
return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file .
shows a users timeline or if no user is logged in it will redirect to the public timeline .
compute the sensitivity
utility function to read the readme file .
given a list , returns a readline ( ) function that returns the next element with each call .
convert something into a sql string literal .
returns dictionary with file properties , or return none on failure
get the appropriate ipython display class for format .
return a tuple containing the paths names .
print mail server ip addresses for an email address @ domain .
parses a call to a group .
set flag controlling normalization of hadamard gates by 1 / sqrt ( 2 ) .
collect webpack bundles for each of the addons user - cfg . js modules .
ensure that data and mask are compatabile and add missing values .
make a polar plot .
return an array of requirements file paths that can be used to complete the no _ chown = = false & & user ! = none conundrum
attempt to detect a files format , trying each of the supported formats .
traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce . yaml file .
return a list of property names for file fn in directory root
remove the specified kernel module
make it possible to override storage paths in settings .
computes the correlation between two vectors and its significance .
a normal memoize function .
a utility method that will call a remote method which expects a
construct a cacheable dict of container info based on response headers .
get movie title count .
updates the ordering of pages via ajax from within the admin .
compute incremental mean and variance along an axix on a csr or
set xdg _ data _ home and home to a temp location .
parse and return the parameters or returns of the documentation topic .
convert a url to idn notation
job titles controller
return true if a and b are both the same kind of nan .
enable or disable an existing assistive access application .
terminate solver when we get close to steady state .
compute shortest paths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the
return a float representing the current system - wide cpu utilization as a percentage .
converts an iterable of 1s and 0s to bytes .
alexnet version 2 .
returns of the function depth frames away from the caller
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to read .
clones a repository .
wrap a function that should only actually run occasionally
read the flags from a dictionary and return them in a usable form .
takes a dataset name and the size of the teacher ensemble and prepares training data for the student model , according to parameters indicated in flags above .
same as : py : func : make _ env but with preauthorization .
return codes : 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed
given an expression , sqrt ( a + b * sqrt ( b ) ) , return the denested expression or none .
common setup for wemo devices .
rest controller for budget _ staff
apply a caller _ stack compatibility decorator to a plain
non - parametric cluster - level 1 sample t - test for spatio - temporal data .
reformat a function signature to a more compact form .
returns a : class : session for context - management .
serialize data to a json formated str
build and return a listening server socket .
list of currently reserved tasks , not including scheduled / active .
decode a raw base64 string , returning a bytes object .
return a copy of basefont : class : qfont with updated properties .
initialize the inter - mapper relationships of all mappers that have been constructed thus far .
remove a powershell dsc module from the system .
black and white silhouette of a horse .
django handler for rendering registered gui elements .
parse the firstboot line
turn cell _ name and item into @ .
using a single dot product
recursively send files for moving to the required data server .
change string like dtypes to object for dataframe . select _ dtypes ( ) .
standard signal hook to create course badges when a certificate has been generated .
add a view which redirects to the current version of the api .
command : gosub integer
write an exports file to disk
sanitize filenames removing invalid chars .
determines whether a decision should be made without even asking the user .
static page edit
checks if two objects collide and not just their rects
calculate all correlation sums for embedding dimensions 1 : max _ dim
parse out the username / password from an http request .
setup the pioneer platform .
get difference loops .
run all startup routines for the client .
create a directory and dont error if the path already exists .
checks whether user can author translation on given project .
concatenate all images in the image collection into an array .
lookup and return about page url
works out the app label from either the app label , the app name , or the module
attempt to attach a cow disk image and return its nbd device flags : additional flags for qemu - nbd
fetch translations from transifex , wrap long lines , generate mo files .
turn a list of tuples into another list where each string is exactly one character .
create a new : class : . session with no automation enabled by default .
return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
converts a entity _ pb . propertyvalue into a comparable hashable " key " value .
delete an sns topic .
generate primal coefficients from dual coefficients for the one - vs - one multi class libsvm in the case of a linear kernel .
run a command and return stdout , stderr and return code cmd : string or list of command and args stderr : stdout to merge stderr with stdout shell : run command using shell echo : monitor output to console
combine adjacent tokens when there is no html between the tokens , and they share an annotation
perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix
save feature location and descriptor to file .
execute augeas commands . .
restful crud controller
module function to decode a password .
get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types .
return true iff the image has at least one semi - transparent pixel
estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix - vector multiplication .
get the api key
return a list of all empty directories on the master
recompose back the dmri data accordingly the b - values table after ec correction
adapt structured output generated by " vulns " nse module .
this function tries all the best to come up with an re that matches a potentially shifted anchor .
look for a tab with the specified locator .
saves the given source directory to the given destination as a tarball
return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest
convert : mod : datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days , preserving hours , minutes , seconds and microseconds .
obtain the refresh token
statement : integer error newline
check for import format .
process the xml element .
returns true if value of * med * is valid as per rfc .
if this url matches a domain in limit _ dict , run the limiter .
get absolute path to a users ssh _ config .
makes sure if duplicate basenames are not specified in the source list .
get epochs with delayed ssp .
returns statistics from the running syslog - ng instance .
this is a modified version of flasks send _ file ( )
partially fit a single binary estimator .
print a list of groups
check if current method is put or post
print an error message and exit .
as for formatmessage , except returns an error message if the message can not be processed .
plot bem contours on anatomical slices .
return a callable to patch c { getpass . getpass } .
returns a form field for a db . linkproperty .
approximate percentile of 1 - d array
returns all sample ids matching the state strings and colorby : cat colorby : eg : country , or pass none to not filter only colorby : cat samples cat : e . g . : usa primary _ state : e . g . : agecategory : child secondary state can be none , or like primary state returns uniquified lists in randomized order
require the hide permission .
reset memoized caches of an instance / module
yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string , or a iterable thereof .
generate a report counting all qobjects and their types
wait for an http server to boot up .
lookup a sense by its sense number .
ensure the a replication group is create .
decorator to select synchronous or asynchronous reader mode .
returns the module containing the models for the given app _ label .
used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
get paths from endpoints .
create the full theme inheritance chain including paths .
disable all bears that would otherwise be found with collect _ bears .
set the host and the scheduled _ at field of a group .
create a factory method for instantiating charts with displays .
communicate with the developer shell server socket .
validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook
lists all files below the given folder that match the pattern .
returns true if the socket has been set to allow inheritance across forks and execs to child processes , otherwise false
parse a string containing two dates separated by two dots .
load an image , returns pil . image .
import a group from ldap .
list the files that belong to a package , sorted by group .
extract a commit object and patch from an e - mail message .
use win32 api to copy string to the clipboard
reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs .
get a list of tracks for an id .
writes the scan _ profile to a file
remove spurious records from geonode db
returns the files changed between two snapshots config
check for import module only .
enable privilege on token , if no token is given the function gets the token of the current process .
from the url w / index appended , get the index .
on python 2 , we really need native strings in a variety of places ; attribute names will sort of work in a _ _ dict _ _ , but theyre subtly wrong ; however , printing tracebacks relies on i / o to containers that only support bytes .
initialize newconfig from a deprecated configuration file possible changes :
removes the job if the user changed their mind
given a 1d array , return an array of deterministic integers .
returns facility user data , within the given date range .
get all extra specs for an instance type .
write the content in the given encoding directly into the filesystem .
downloads emojis from emoji - cheat - sheet . com .
assigns one or more secondary private ip addresses to a network interface .
generator version of support _ enumeration .
remove the coupon against the coupon id set the coupon is _ active flag to false
given criterion containing bind params , convert selected elements to is null .
return filters associated with the file types supported by the editor
returns true if the named container exists
return a configuration variable with casting
returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
test the if - modified - since comparison as defined in section 3 . 3 of rfc 7232 .
serialize a node for use in pointer search .
returns the value of the field matching the css selector .
return the tdes key with parity bits correctly set
remove specific function contents of minion .
return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result .
returns 401 response with authenticate header .
list the files that belong to a package .
dump reformatted response to cgi start _ response .
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
this is the function that actually creates the track object
returns a help string for a graph object .
inhibit setting of default root window .
returns the dot product of two vectors .
return full path to service command . .
migrates labels of object under given root .
take two datetime objects and return the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
send email to one or more addresses .
receive cache keys as long concatenated strings ; distill them into an md5 hash .
update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key : value pairs from the originating volume .
links dimensions to the cube in the context object .
main entry point for module execution
convert comma - delimted kwargs argument into a normalized dictionary .
will pose the question to the user and keep asking them until they provide an answer that starts with either a y or an n , at which point it will return true if it was a y .
examples is URL we want to extract the raw id and the version
run over the given file and count base pairs and sequences .
get linux network adapter name .
returns new copy of default base router
download a script from a remote source and execute it only if a watch statement calls it .
return logger for this module .
return a list of tuples
try to determine the current system users username to use as a default .
find the correct make . conf .
return a bipartite graph from two given degree sequences using a
get saml provider
delete any existing biosql test db , then create an empty biosql db .
geiven a list of of each boxes , calculate the total width and the x - offset positions of each items according to mode * .
return - sinh / cosh pseudo - derivative of a periodic sequence x .
creates a global reduction kernel function .
returns default stata names v1 , v2 , . . .
general sort filter - sorts by either attribute or key .
fir filter design using least - squares error minimization .
get the slice element z .
helper for : meth : _ publisherapi . topic _ publish .
load page info
converts a module namespace to a python dictionary .
return true if the requester can delete the given content , false otherwise
add hosts to an acl group .
create a set w / objects with a bad hash and enumerate through it .
check a whitelist and / or blacklist to see if the value matches it .
create a heatmap plot , save as a pdf by default .
output the contents of the block if the two arguments equal each other .
list draft registrations for a node
restful crud controller
look up and return an element from a 1d array .
parses a file containing one or more authority key certificates .
send a request to the tool shed to get additional information about the repository defined by the received repository _ dict .
parses and verifies a cookie value from set _ cookie
check if a mode indicates a submodule .
parses the colorby option from the command line .
escapes command line arguments for msvs .
evaluate all derivatives of a b - spline .
upload a file to the github downloads area
system of two constant - coefficient second - order linear homogeneous differential equations . .
creates a urlmatcher instance that handles internal urls .
create a soft / symlink between source and destination
simply print unformatted text .
helper for running tests .
stmts : stmts stmt | stmt
mark a method as generative , e . g . method - chained .
populates widget with missing fields
open a resource file , if needed .
print the first text chunk for each established method in a module .
computes the gcd of two polynomials in mathbb { z } [ x , y ] using a modular algorithm .
only load if boto libraries exist .
return true if the given class node correspond to an abstract class definition
get current video aspect ratio .
convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying .
check if tarce _ context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object .
map every reference in the subtree into destination _ course _ key and set it back into the xblock fields
applies a 1d average pooling over an input signal composed of several input planes .
process the xml element .
download just the header of a url and return the servers status code .
build a list of email addresses for to
returns a dictionary of the settings module , with sensitive settings blurred out .
parallel wrapper for _ do _ lin _ field _ coeff to compute linear coefficients .
build and return the logger .
print a list of current monitor types and extra specs .
slugifies a string .
extracts the projects from the alternative internet page on github and downloads additional data from ohloh .
create a dot chart using
start watching ready - for - l10n revisions for given product .
convert a real matrix of the form [ 0 0 a b ] [ 0 0 0 b ] [ 0 0 c d ] [ 0 0 a d ] [ e f g h ] to [ 0 f c h ] [ i j k l ] [ e j g l ] [ i 0 k 0 ]
make sure that line comments are ignored by the c reader .
tests user - accessible projects with view permissions at the root .
add route scripts for a network interface using up commands .
get the active log format for the smtp virtual server .
returns the full default live path for a lineagename
format an rfc - 2822 compliant date string .
iteration _ statement : for lparen expression _ opt semi expression _ opt semi expression _ opt rparen statement
activity funding proposals : restful crud controller
reorder levels using dict representation .
handle the shared login between website and webclient .
saves an object back using the cobbler api after clearing any generic _ edit page .
returns sigma for gls and the inverse of its
convert a mysql timestamp to a timestamp object .
compute the matthews correlation coefficient for binary classes
test error handling .
returns true if the graphs g1 and g2 are isomorphic and false otherwise .
ncname is defined in URL # nt - ncname
returns the toolbar actions set by plugins
ensures that the current working directory ends in oppia .
return a tile key string .
take the dict of options and convert to the 2 - tuple format .
build a schedule job
convert the values 0 and 1 into booleans .
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
blocks booting _ instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections
very simple validation of an email address .
simulates gps noise .
check for a nonnegative integer argument ; raise valueerror if not .
list all queued and running jobs or only those with an optional tag .
set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it .
attempt to initiate a refund for any orders associated with the seat being unenrolled , using the commerce service .
render form errors
a ^ b , where a is an integer or real , and b a constant integer
set stay _ open variable .
dumps out the current settings in a pretty table
check the currently selected pyface backend .
setup the mysensors platform for switches .
tweaks glob into a list of more specific globs that together still cover paths and not too much extra .
check if the provided string is a valid bool string or not .
check if the provided filename is a nzb file or a torrent file , based on its extension .
invert entire image to make sure the top left corner has a - and not +
split win32 - service commands are true parameters
extract the images into a 4d tensor [ image index , y , x , channels ] .
return the suffix for the keys in which packages for a given version are stored .
splits the csv into multiple files or chunks based on the row _ limit .
returns a node which alters the context to provide upcoming events
read a json from path .
create a request object for the user , if specified .
parses a range header into a : class : ~ werkzeug . datastructures . range object .
generates index for yara signatures .
empty given queues .
template settings for nyc prepared URL
computes scores across logistic _ regression _ path
generate all targets from tsv files in specified file or directory .
assign role to username . .
read settings provided in paste ini file , set default values and replace if defined as environment variable .
returns the percentage of correct classifications .
add a new lb vserver
wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non - compressed files
cleans the local cache of fetched remote packages
convenience function for generating common ui types
sets the manual variable initialization flag .
decorator for notify which is used from utils . monkey _ patch ( ) .
gets and renders the file in / private / content / / / / .
prettiffy json output
generate the " friedman # 2 " regression problem
modify an elasticache subnet group
stop watching approved revisions for a given product .
given an object and a dictionary keyed with object ids - as returned by the votes _ by _ user and scores _ for _ objects template tags - retrieves the value for the given object and stores it in a context variable , storing none if no value exists for the given object .
wait for the specified port to become active .
execute a command and read the output as yaml
fetches information of a certain security group rule
make sure that a string is a byte string
checks if a database exists on the mysql server .
check if options . filename contains a pattern that matches filename .
get the project root directory .
returns a form field for a db . dateproperty .
create a vpc resource .
extract all the i18n - able nodes out of a file .
helper function to send / receive dns tcp request
takes a list / queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node .
emit the status of a connected display to the minion
generates code to process indices and calculate an offset into a buffer .
return a list of definitions for parametrized tests .
extract response data from a commit response .
call a lapack routine , determining lwork automatically and handling error return values
return a unique user partition id for the course .
return a one - hot transform of values
expression : name
similar to : func : stem . descriptor . export . export _ csv , except that the csv is written directly to a file .
generates random number for all backends .
returns the list of all valid runtimes .
return any optional timestamp information in the request .
check validity of index for a given dimension
decorator to make a function that returns via callback return a future .
uses openssl to sign a document
system virtual memory as a namedtuple .
if passed an exc _ info it will automatically rewrite the exceptions all the way down to the correct line numbers and frames .
detect number plates in an image .
prints thread ids for all qthreads .
utility function to load the pysaml2 configuration .
find all globally visible functions where the first argument name starts with argument _ name .
runs a function inside a datastore transaction .
returns filename of temporary file containing downloaded image .
print a list of all aggregates .
find the primary and pyname at offset
return disk i / o statistics for every disk installed on the system as a dict of raw tuples .
get the closest point on the segment .
generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on
split a demux sequence file into per - sample sequence file
process the xml element by derivation .
delete duplicate image assets .
generator to return all collectors .
creates a storage object from dictionary d , raising indexerror if d doesnt have all of the keys in requireds and using the default values for keys found in defaults .
ensure that rtl text is rendered rtl & also that arabic text is rewritten to use the joined format .
a replacement for the old socket . ssl function .
decorator for views that require user to be a member of a group , redirecting to the group join page if necessary .
gets all blog categories .
this generator iterates over a file and yields its lines splitted via the c { sep } parameter .
create a unix pipeline to process a file for uploading .
this section is for arguments parsing
builds the traversal spec object .
find an exe .
convert season and episode into string
determine which names the user would like to select from a list .
get on / off status for given unit .
inject all objects that start with gl from the source into the dest .
ratings can be created via iarc pinging our api .
read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding .
returns current locales default alignment .
computes the theil - sen estimator for a set of points .
concurrently converts a list of requests to responses .
returns the queryset for klass model
return the url of the requested avatar .
creates product dummy variables from 2 columns of 2d array drops last dummy variable , but not from each category singular with simple dummy variable but not with constant quickly written , no safeguards
get commands to run for testing client package installation .
populate docker settings with default , dummy settings
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
given an event _ source dictionary , create the object and remove the event source .
checks whether user can add suggestions to given translation .
compute ranking - based average precision
scaled rastrigin test objective function .
prints r representation of the given expression .
prepare a testing instance of geoserver .
calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation
wait for all previously started state jobs to finish running
creates a nic .
apply defaults to a rule dictionary and check that all values are valid .
use the abi size in the cpu target
whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting .
low - level implementation of jacobi polynomials .
perform the actual data loading for the lfw people dataset
run the validator on the given file or fileupload object , and annotate the results using the validationannotator .
write file with given filename and encoding
this section is for argument parsing
transform groups identified by name / domain to their ids .
get paths by lists .
write tag information from the database to the respective files in the filesystem .
get styled regions for brackets to use .
computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution
add to threads from the last location from loop .
test time freq with mne inverse computation .
declaration _ list : declaration
replace / static / $ stuff urls either with their correct url as generated by collectstatic , or by the course - specific content static url / static / $ course _ data _ dir / $ stuff , or , if course _ namespace is not none , by the correct url in the contentstore ( / c4x / . .
return a signature object for the function .
make sure plugin correctly filters out expired pages based on plugin configuration
tracks web certificate view related events .
a thin wrapper around functools . partial which updates the wrapper as would a decorator .
validate a provided configuration .
computes the node redundancy coefficients for the nodes in the bipartite graph g .
install the flocker cli package .
get the volume backend the acceptance tests are running as .
returns true if the input is related to email .
check if the name belongs to a left sequence .
pick by channel type and names from a forward operator .
delete a role policy .
given a dict , populate kwargs to create a generally useful default setup for running subprocess processes on different platforms .
undo the effects of quote ( ) .
copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket .
attempts to parse the input time _ str as a date .
turns off caching by replacing the tree with one that only takes blockingnodes
iterate through each of the sub - formats and try substituting simple regular expressions for the strptime codes for year , month , day - of - month , hour , minute , second .
return true if the named service is disabled , false otherwise
estimate the taylor polynomial of f at x by polynomial fitting .
role for pep / rfc references that generate an index entry .
rewrite file by changing font to handle eps bug
replace the tk root menu by something that is more appropriate for
adds an exploration _ id to a user _ ids usercontributionsmodel collection of edited explorations .
get redis key value
given instance properties , find and return matching instance ids
rebuild is required if values differ
returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind
create a data bundle ingest function from a set of symbols loaded from yahoo .
return dict where keys are line numbers in the line number table .
respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
returns a tuple of version and build version of installed xcode .
returns the collection with the given alias .
calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
disciplinary type controller
enumerates all the local groups
returns true if two arrays are element - wise equal within a tolerance .
create a new qt4 app or return an existing one .
move a song or swap two songs .
removes duplicated or unnecessary handlers from the list .
return a list of available roles
delete the account .
returns a parsed version of pythons sys . version as tuple referring to the python implementation name , version , branch , revision , build number , build date / time as string and the compiler identification string .
returns the actual ip of the local machine .
extract server message from response and log in to logger with debug level .
build an exception object from an error stanza .
return true if path has subdirectories
backwards compatible interface to tf . cond prior to public introduction .
adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object :
test happy path of encoding to native strings
print all sql queries executed so far .
the first plugin that handles this role is used .
instantiate wrapped for each thing , calling add _ props if available .
generate an icinga2 client certificate and key .
when putting cassandra into the permacache chain , we need to push everything up into the rest of the chain , so this is everything that uses the permacache , as of that check - in .
return the path to an echo - like command , depending on the system .
deletes the annotation object and returns a 204 with no content .
return local mean and standard deviation of each pixel using a neighborhood defined by a rectangular window with size w times w .
return whether xfce is in use .
similar behaviour as pythons reduce .
applies all logic for getting a page to cache in our backend , and never in the browser , so we can control things from django / python .
list the collections for the currently : func : authenticated user as a dict with a collection - list key .
make a web call to rallydev .
compute unique values efficiently from input array of values
list the font filenames known to fc - list having the given extension .
validates that commit message is a valid format string .
evaluate non - linear equation system representing the pressures and flows in a system of n parallel pipes : : f _ i = p _ i - p _ 0 , for i = 1 . . n f _ 0 = sum - qtot
remove chpi and line noise from data .
make an image mask .
recursively sort list in iterables for comparison .
coerce value to a mapping , if set or not nullable .
add the settings object to the template context .
changes the value of configuration variables .
return the full path name of mod .
turns a dataset into an imbalanced dataset at specific ratio .
returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob
switch all sql statement keywords to upper case
track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page , so we know which value to use .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
install rbenv if not installed .
get the version from pkg - info file if we can .
stack sparse matrices vertically
creates a new thread and starts it
find a transform between unmatched sets of points .
reduce duplicate items in a list and preserve order
a version of strftime that returns unicode strings and tries to handle dates before 1900
the fastcommentedheader reader should mimic the behavior of the
returns the maximum distance between any non - singleton cluster .
initialize logging configuration
decorator to skip tests that should not be run on windows .
get status code .
on gold subscription deletion , remove the customer from stripe
return all models from osf and addons .
runs a command in a subprocess with timeout in seconds .
filter a dictionary with a simple string syntax .
read egi simple binary as raw object .
returns if the m2m class passed in has an autogenerated through table or not .
convert the st _ mode value from a stat ( 2 ) call ( as returned from os . stat ( ) ) to an octal mode .
perform one json rpc operation .
writes datachars to writer .
convert the " offset or limit " clause of a select construct to an integer .
compute the elapsed time between two events in milliseconds .
fix a single html exercise repairing invalid nodes .
create a time only timestamp for the given instant .
return the docstrings for all modules .
conditionally import the elements inner text ( s ) into the dest dict .
temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
setup the available octoprint sensors .
returns a dict containing details of a certificate and whether the certificate will expire in the specified number of days .
install the extension
create a # ! line , getting options from script _ text
get loop flipped over the dialogonal , in other words with the x and y swapped .
for django < 1 . 5 backward compatibility
works like : func : has _ request _ context but for the application context .
get parameters from an http request ensuring proper handling utf - 8 encoding .
normalize argv to list with predefined length
indexes several search output files into an sqlite database .
gets ip blocks with one or more unallocated ips .
the stream factory that is used per default .
approximate the jacobian matrix of a callable function .
small configuration file management function .
print a colorized text .
copy the file src to dst ; both must be filenames .
return the console object used by readline so that it can be used for printing in color .
perform the code analysis .
removed bad aquatk button - 2 and paste bindings .
make a new target context from the given target context and flags .
restore a snapshot .
split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy / indicator variables .
set tmpdir / config as the configdir .
grab the current network settings
sets an episode to wanted , only if it is currently skipped
decorator for ensuring cached data into db .
for a tz - aware type , return an encoded zone
print the stack stats estate : none
create an empty cell .
retrieve a qicon for the named image from the zip file if it exists , or if not then from calibres image cache .
get security group by its id .
installs packages for the currently running distribution
compile the expression represented by a list of trees .
read a chunk of raw data .
multidimensional gradient magnitude using gaussian derivatives .
requires user to be add - on owner or admin .
given a course _ id and thread _ id , delete this thread this is ajax only
docstring for install _ atlas
uses rar for linux _ to create rar files . .
get a timezone of a network from a given network dict
encrypt into new file .
return a unicode object for the given text .
returns the team details if a team with the given name exists , or none otherwise .
prepare name for use in html / xml contect
download the uclust executable and set it to the scripts directory
creates a valid padparameters object merging the sensitivity curve and threshold settings .
send message to client and close the connection .
download and build sortmerna then copy it to the scripts directory
checks authorization of a rule against the request .
customize org _ resource fields for profile widgets and more popups
given a preview item , scan the scheme file and update the items contents .
check to ensure that everything is alright about an object to be created .
initialize all settings based on a settings mapping .
redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code
recursively move a file or directory to another location .
wraps the results of rendering an xblock view in a div which adds a header and studio action buttons .
to add another frame to the call ; detectable because _ _ tracback _ info _ _ is set to info
dump a yaml file containing client info .
split a pathname into drive / unc sharepoint and relative path specifiers .
create a task tree that merges all the keys with a reduction function .
extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string .
configures a list of ntp servers on the device .
decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method .
pad list with default elements .
run migrations in offline mode .
gets a student object using either an email address or username .
shard some targets apart to work around the linkers limits .
returns the minimal polynomial of exp
return true if the two given statements are mutually exclusive exceptions may be a list of exception names .
return the ccx that is active for this course .
return a dummy function decorated with dec , with the given name .
rep is an re which matches zero or more repetitions of | re | .
get all available regions for the sts service .
concatenate poisson means
missing persons registry
works like : func : url _ decode but decodes a stream .
set up & run a publisher for command - line - based file i / o .
get the token end index for the file text and token .
return the peep hash of one or more files , returning a shell status code or raising a pipexception .
return the base path for certs from cli or from options cacert _ path absolute path to ca certificates root directory
replace a file in a zip file in a safe manner .
expansion using formula
raise a l { resolverfactoryarguments } exception containing the positional and keyword arguments passed to resolverfactory .
render a genshi template .
format an event
replace the default exception handler for keyboardinterrupt .
return true if pattern is sufficiently equal to txt
test picking forward with seeg and ecog .
return empty array until we restore internal search system .
returns a degree sequence for a tree with a power law distribution .
identify values to use in delete statements for a list of states to be deleted .
activate aa pdp context reject section 9 . 5 . 12
returns a list of user objects
uuid is unique to a vm , every other id returns the first match .
modifies a gdataservice object to allow it to run on app engine .
create html file with dynamic visualizing of a theano function graph .
display an image
utility method to construct a dictionary for the attributes of an object from set of args .
return user - selected file path .
handle the m2m _ changed event for localsite and user .
find a device in zenoss .
launch a gateway in a new java process .
retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
returns a formatted date string in a cloudtrail date format
create a single vm from a data dict
run migrations in online mode .
returns a string of 2 random letters .
ensure that some text appears at the end of a file .
calculates the histogram of the given image - async version .
check quickly whether file is rar archive .
read morph map .
init an enforcer class for placement policy .
enable nat on this interface .
get data from an edx rest api .
generate the official name of an aws service
returns a sizer for a message field .
yields blocks of ips no more than block _ size elements long .
constructs a uri for requesting a multiscope authsub token .
add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles .
get the list of all services named by the services tag in this instances tags .
the return type is not a nrt object .
returns true on the 10th iteration .
takes a list of version models and return a sorted list ,
given an exif value and an integer value 1 - 8 , reflecting a valid value for the exif orientation , return a new exif with the orientation set .
prints the usage for this web service .
applies sauvola local threshold to an array .
get our press callback .
create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role .
flatten a nested dictionary .
generate transcripts from one speed to another speed .
verify that a return _ to url is valid for the given realm .
fetch the most recently updated feedback threads for a given exploration , and then get the latest feedback message out of each thread .
returns a virtual machines id from the given virtual machines name .
helper to add an alert header to the response .
format a timedelta for use in a columnar format .
truncates the given string for display .
load a graph from one xml string
filter a promo by a specific programming language
execute command in a subshell , return stdout .
returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
build a deeper cnn model .
convert a reverse map domain name into textual address form .
serialize a precord or pclass model to something
create a new rc2 cipher
return a url to the users profile .
convenience function to format and return a key = value pair .
helper method to pre - populate mrts so the tests can run
get the oslo _ config options common for all auth plugins .
drop the given handles .
format output from longitudinal tests to be written .
archivers final callback .
read and return documents from the stanford sentiment treebank corpus , from URL
creates an equal superposition of the computational basis .
return the network adapter type .
compute lead field dot product integrations between two coil sets .
return an iterator over the values of a dictionary .
calculates the actual spanning tree
quotifies an html tag attribute value .
builds the operations adding desired number of adgroups to given campaigns .
invalidate cached rule information on changes to the rule models .
upload a caffemodel
respond to requests for the servers primary web page .
call preprocess via cluster _ jobs _ script on the cluster .
disable all scheduled jobs on the minion
add user to a group
vote for helpful / not helpful document
run tempita on string s with given context .
run pre - queue script and process results
given a query , create a cache key .
tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user metadata prefix for given server type .
a custom assertion for l { serialnumber } values that cannot be meaningfully compared .
the aim of the fourth heuristic is to find the function chi that satisifies the pde frac { dchi } { dx } + hfrac { dchi } { dx } - frac { partial h } { partial y } chi = 0 .
registers an image extension .
callback for change of file system naming type
returns a summarized version of the given text using a variation of the textrank algorithm .
restful controller for option lookups
returns the last created baseline snapshot marked with tag
return extra _ kwargs by calling resource manager kwargs hooks .
generate a random mac address starting with fe : 16 : 3e
provide a transactional scope around a series of operations .
validate volumetype for elasticsearchdomain
generate a random regression problem with sparse uncorrelated design
run nltk wordnet browser server .
a sane version of os . path . join .
return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
start an event on an instance action .
create and return cubes jinja2 environment
return a string for the c name of the type .
convert set command to get command and set value .
this section is for arguments parsing
flushes server log to object store with a timeout .
return a unique id for a token .
convert the compensation data into named matrices .
get the full path of the file containing a checksum of a cib - file with the name of the cib
retries sending the invite to the users wall
gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object .
print the list of baremetal nodes .
evaluates the maximum of a list of intervals
split a single ref line into a tuple of sha1 and name .
determines the path to the management module for the given app _ name , without actually importing the application or the management module .
if day _ first is not defined , use some heuristic to fix it .
issue a warning string , identifying c { offender } as the responsible code .
get any new elements and process the archivable .
create a port on a specified network .
coerce value to a datetime date , if set or not nullable
load a coverage file from an open file object .
creates a query to filter documents , files or weblinks based on filterform arguments
run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket .
add or remove key .
return the keys of each dict whereas values are different .
register a function as a compiler for a given : class : . clauseelement type .
test that the plugin renders only absolute links .
wrapper for user . info salt function
return true if the given file path is an html file .
mysql replication credentials .
get random complex .
convenience function for akima interpolation .
encode a utf - 8 string to a sequence of bytes .
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
get bevel loop .
collect all the sys . doc output from each minion and return the aggregate
test the if - unmodified - since comparison as defined in section 3 . 4 of
takes a string and returns a tuple .
returns c { true } if this string ends in a newline .
remove files and directories from the subversion repository cwd
validate a dictionary of devices definitions .
only works on windows systems
when a child process hasnt received a datapoint in a while , assume its died in some fashion and restart it .
differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring .
yield successive n - sized chunks from seq .
merge tok into the last element of tokens .
ensure correct open is paired with correct close .
just like os . walk , but ensures that the returned values are unicode objects .
compatibility layer for distros that use service and those that dont .
generate all our custom analyzers , tokenizers , and filters
receive and decode the given raw message from the monitoring socket and return a dict .
list all ports in a zone .
the vim module is something that is only present when running inside the
returns a decoder for a messageset item .
add a per user site - package to sys . path
list permissions for a user via rabbitmqctl list _ user _ permissions
context manager decorator
returns the maximum cardinality matching of the bipartite graph g .
template settings for myanmar - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template
load an image from file .
return a postgres connection .
get a metadef object
looks up the given name in the scene _ names table in cache . db .
logs an error if there is no newline char at the end of the file .
run all unit tests
changes provided path from path / to / filename . ext to path / to / $ cms _ version / filename . ext
view for osf login .
set and retrieve response . app _ iter
format url based on ssl flag , hostname , port and path
write return to all returners in multi _ returner
generates gegenbauer polynomial of degree n in x .
update a cache cluster in place .
common teardown function .
mimic function of the same name in optionparser , capturing the arguments consumed in * arg _ map
displays the headers and data list together
accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
return list of mdadm devices
given a glob pattern , return an equivalent regex expression .
encode the given tag and return the bytes .
returns the next segment on the path _ info or none if there is none .
check if object is iterable
run the test suite
generate ellipse perimeter coordinates .
the main wsgi application .
set tags for a resource .
build the default set of inline patterns for markdown .
generate a single line of the graph g in edge list format .
return the list of hosting services .
only load if hg is installed
find the best result out of a list of search results for a show
restful controller for community volunteers
custom controller ( ) constructor which updates its eth0 ip address
return a static html page from the path given .
get the accessible attribute .
python3 string escape
register a encoder / decoder for json serialization .
convert a value to boolean
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
parse environment and arguments and call the appropriate action .
rewrites all pb2 files .
compute the inverse mellin transform of f ( s ) over the fundamental strip given by strip = .
only runs on freebsd systems
parses ps - o comm output for the given pid
takes some text .
map dictionary keys .
setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
generate a plan to get authority over the identity .
keras loss function for the reinforce algorithm , where y _ true is the action that was taken , and updates with the negative gradient will make that action more likely .
add a colormap to the set recognized by : func : get _ cmap .
test returning a morphed source space to the original subject
a generator function for listing versions in a bucket .
solves an nth order linear non homogeneous cauchy - euler equidimensional ordinary differential equation using variation of parameters .
return a dictionary of column family definitions for the given keyspace / column _ family
updates the cache .
generates legendre polynomial of degree n in x .
get the impulse response function for arma process
lists all the blobs in the bucket that begin with the prefix .
calls f while within the logs namespace .
share some probabilities across exercise and video logs
add new knowledge item
called when the group . all devices change state .
generate a pseudo random 32 bit integer .
delete a collection item from file system
test reading volumes from a mixed source space
verify that the output is newer than any of the inputs .
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
prompts the user for their email address and returns it .
delete a cfn stack .
a generator of all substrings in word greater than 1 character in length .
change the gid for a named group
require an apache module to be disabled .
poly risch differential equation - cancellation : hyperexponential case .
check the current value with the passed value
provide results for a given search .
attach a file handler to the logger if there isnt one already .
build a path to the same path under the legacy . python . org domain .
returns document at the version specified in data _ relation , or at the latest version if passed latest = true .
get the _ resulttype for result .
return token for a user .
average the input time - series , selecting the indices given in index . .
invalidate the cache of credit providers .
run a few known tests to determine the capabilities of the time zone database on this machine .
clear other sessions of the current user .
returns a list of 3 - tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace .
raise a runtimeerror if the current version < requiredversion .
returns a session bound to the given engine .
process the else statement .
make a second axes overlay * ax * ( or the current axes if * ax * is
helper function for transforming xy - coordinates to sphere .
wraps x in an assert to check its shape .
look the instance up and return it if available .
return a dictionary of extra args to pass to setup ( ) .
takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string using values from the dictionary .
string in color .
get page html
render engine statistics page .
split a section on 0 - bytes .
encode a dict or sequence of two - element tuples into a url query string .
no - op state to support state config via the stateconf renderer .
return whether the specified signature is found in the process tree .
run the given command .
given the list of list of strings , return a string of rest table format .
get terminal size using tput .
this function calls a class that parses the input http headers to fingerprint the back - end database management system operating system and the web application technology
reset student attempts for a problem .
load the tables
yield chunks of an iterable .
test that lexemes are hashable .
convenience function for creating a directory
returns a dict describing specific instance _ type .
chown a file , pass the file the desired user and group
return true if the given file path is a css file .
get the winding craft sequence .
utility for ability to disabling colored output .
es implementation of documents _ for .
for usage with container sync
return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the container exclude .
verify that the reformatted code is syntactically correct .
get the member id of a member identified by its login name .
read a single uic tag value from file and return tag name and value .
extract script from text with examples .
a custom subs for use on expressions derived in physics . mechanics .
log a link in the meeing log .
returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
uploads a file to the bucket .
performs the cholesky decomposition of a hermitian matrix and returns l and its conjugate transpose .
returns a formatted quote from a channel , random or selected by number
redirect stdout and stderr to a file .
simulate standard garch scale : float scale / standard deviation of innovation process in garch process
puts thread to sleep , checking this threads exit _ flag four times a second .
encode the given pdf string
make an automatic attribute wrapper exposing member named * struct _ attr * as a read - only attribute named * python _ attr * .
version of is _ instance that doesnt access _ _ class _ _
determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu .
string concatenation aggregator for the author sort map
changes interface to a staticly set ip .
gracefully exit on a sigterm .
returns the raw asgi channel layer for this project .
signals catalina to start , stop , securestart , forcestop .
return an iterator over all spider classes defined in the given module that can be instantiated
execute a command , and only return the standard out
dvr custom resource headers
return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f .
resizes video to new size size and write the result in file output .
list the files that belong to a package .
unregister a given serializer
split key into numeric , alpha and other part and sort accordingly .
return a formatted dump of the tree in * node * .
set all projections to inactive .
internal parser function for l { _ parseserver } to convert the string arguments for a unix stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
a default export transform if nothing else is specified .
check if key is in the minion datastore . .
renders the response using the mime type for plain text .
write a netpbm pnm / pam file .
check source code with checker defined with * args *
unsubscribe a list
download latest translations
calculate the base64 - encoded , sha - 256 hash used by cybersource .
catch api errors decorator
reduce the dimension of datapoints to dim via principal component analysis .
format the path for final display .
show the input as pretty printed bytes .
accepts dson data as a string or as a file object and runs it through the
disconnect all signal handlers .
ruleitem : id | qliteral | code | prec
create a java - style . properties file to contain the static user - > group mapping used by tests .
create a deferred and give it a normal result
simulates a failure in _ attach _ disks .
get an instance of the appropriate lock for a certain situation based on scheduler used .
test that a certain warning occurs .
build full queue header
compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1 ( z ) , and value at each zero .
return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
extract arguments passed as parameters and return them as a dictionary .
yields a list of wizard entries that the current user can use based on their permission to add instances of the underlying model objects .
set the default colormap to copper and apply to current image if any .
replace a given name in any lc _ load _ dylib command found in the given binary with a new name , provided its shorter .
indicate that the given column - oriented attribute should be undeferred , e . g .
details page : show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones .
generate a list of points corresponding to a spiral .
a simple replacement for the pylons about page .
method to get a delta of months from a provided datetime
called when a vulnerability is reported
get the babel / unicode format string for a " year and month " format for the given locale .
removenamespace - - remove top - level aws namespace
select an appropriate apache vhost .
preview a sort expression , to be used by api
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user _ id .
convert a cluster to a full summary for use in creating a report , including billing / usage information .
returns a function that returns a value from g [ u ] [ v ] .
accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register .
similar to calculated _ stat , except with a slightly different formula used specifically for hp .
change password for a mysql user host
write the css fragments from all xmodules in classes into output _ root as individual files , hashed by the contents to remove duplicates
compute dpss tapers for the given frequency range .
initializes client id and client secret based on the settings .
enumerator _ list : enumerator _ list comma enumerator
a helper function that expands a given line that contains a pattern specified in top docstring , and returns a list that consists of the expanded version .
the template rheader
returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument
property that forwards access to a nested object .
create new kanbanboard quickly with default options
helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance
looks for key in redis matching minion _ id , returns a structure based on the data type of the redis key .
builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post
wrapper around vims feedkeys function .
build image for containers in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted build images for all containers .
writes truncated fasta seqs in order specified with seq _ order trunc _ fasta _ seqs : dict of fasta label : truncated sequence string fasta _ out _ fp : output filepath to write to seq _ order : list of fasta labels in the order of the original input fasta
gets first fasta id from each line in lines
check if a given database field uses the specified requirement
assert whether values and type are the same
gets latest snapshot of the given artifact artifactory _ url
the core of the model consists of an lstm cell that processes one word at a time and computes probabilities of the possible continuations of the sentence .
proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support .
build list of involucro commands to run .
turns any expression / path into a valid filename .
change ownership of file or directory for an id mapped environment
determine if the current changeset revision has been reviewed by the current user .
context manager for creating an empty assets db .
given a url , return a parsed : class : . url namedtuple .
a wrapper around pprint . pprint - - for debugging , really
returns true if batch is a symbolic variable .
return a serialized representation of the course blocks .
get a string from the user
take pear remoteinfo output and get the installed version
bulk rename documents
allow view to be accessed by unvouched users .
compare itself with the raw code github .
retrieve media according to the given parameters note : this function accepts all standard usermedia . get properties : keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version , see : URL . .
same as python bisect . bisect _ left but for lists with reversed order
convert expiration to a number of seconds in the future .
raises an exception if validate _ class is not a subclass of adapter _ class .
returns the installed categories samples list
return the current debugger instance , or create if none .
return new graph with edges that exist in either g or h but not both .
uses templates item code and abbreviations to make variants item code
takes a string , representing a regular expression as input , and tokenizes it .
reshape t by right - padding the shape with n _ ones 1s .
testcase for py2exe logic , compressed lib
find the requested branch in the specified repo
destroy a node .
helper function to simplify comparisons instance , match and tokentype
convert file path to uri .
set the warning method to use to record deprecation warnings .
return true if url returns 200 and is served by django .
upgrade from a requirements file .
add the given public ssh key to roots authorized _ keys .
given a tuple of shape and a list of categorical labels , return the expanded label indexer
gets the profile _ picture _ data _ url from the domain objects representing the settings for the given user _ ids .
assert that some exception is raised in a context and that the message matches some pattern .
computes the city block distance .
add pillar from convex loops and grid top .
builds a sampler used for generating from the model
testing within - subject effect interact with 2 between - subject effect
add glance metadata for specified volume .
send an email by calling func , catch smtpexception and place errors in form .
return value forced within range
uses apaches remote _ user environment variable as the external id .
helper method for delayed import of all needed entities .
set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key
monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin .
returns a netaddr . ip object representing ip .
same type as str , but indicates a single target spec .
takes a list of default arguments and overwrites the defaults with contents of updates .
draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions .
iterate over slices of a string .
an optimization disabled by default that removes all asserts from the graph .
returns the hmac - sha1 of value , using a key generated from key _ salt and a secret .
takes designated node , removes current node links and replaces them with node links to target nodes
reads all of the custom _ metrics that we have written between start _ time and end _ time
create a sparse pattern from category c with the given number of dimensions .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
returns the role that the user is masquerading as , or none if no masquerade is in effect .
virtual field : status
gets capa types tags and labels
returns the best match between the requested mime type and the ones supported by eve .
convert b to a boolean or raise
get transferred paths from inside surrounding loops .
get a list of the path components of the files with the same name .
check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests
set a new value for a specific configuration line .
returns the coverage of a partition .
separate line by breaking at tokens in key _ token _ strings .
the sum of the squares of the entries .
erase the memory used by the prng .
takes a soundcloud group and returns a formatting string .
the main function for spm , the salt package manager . .
this is the first portion of every sub - experiment params file we generate .
return the minor version of the current linux distribution , as a string , if provided .
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider .
reponds only to post events and starts the build process
pad the data to the given shape with zeros .
create datasource in running jboss instance jboss _ config
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
send one flowgram over a socket .
disable tracing of app instances .
see if we understand a name
create an explorationsummary domain object for a given exploration domain object and return it .
set the default value of the guess parameter for read ( )
yields all the tests and their names from a given suite .
throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity .
parse a url into 6 components :
get a user from the database by id .
return a wrapper that converts a " canned " collection like set , dict , list into the instrumented * version .
return the name of the state regardless if sname is just the state name or a state . func name .
execute code located at the specified filesystem location
this has to pass the flask app through all the same middleware that
return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
main control function
internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file .
ensure ports are open for a protocol , in a direction .
create pagination for list
returns the truncated form of a setting value .
actions action factory method .
collect python files for a given python " package " name
attempt to decode any firelogger - style error messages in the response from kumascript .
ensure exception is raised when both map and apply are invoked .
assert whether value and type are the same
list info for a package
returns the sum of an array along given axes .
send a message to manager using connection c and return response
return true if ignore _ error is in stderr , false otherwise .
determine if part of our policy ends with the defaultly appended suffix .
get the count of properties for a namespace , raise if ns not found
returns a genericinlineformset for the given kwargs .
returns a list of fallback languages for the given language
lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 2 . 5
process the xml element .
add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities
get new repository .
compares given paths and selects best path based on reachable next - hop .
only load if the postgres module is present
merges the section dictionaries .
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of complex paths .
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
count fixed ips used by project .
add sphere by radius .
return a resource reference as string given db _ model .
arrange the rows in coords to correspond to order
checked that all arrays have consistent first dimensions
parse command line arguments and run
play song using config . player called with args config . playerargs .
generates url for a service when running locally
registers a custom type that will be available to " parse " for type conversion during step matching .
convert continuous line to mid - steps .
given a datasource , generates a dictionary that may be used for invoking the layermapping utility .
return a dict with information about schemas in a database .
get doubled plane angle around z of the overhanging segment .
remove the identifier elements from a dictionary .
return a string in which the password is masked .
sort a collection
factory method for choosing the style classifier .
build an encoder , given pre - computed word embeddings
parse a query string into a dict .
get a path to the trusted certificates of the system
gets a trigger object .
send a request to the tool shed to retrieve the type for a repository defined by the combination of a name and owner .
apply command from rfxtrx .
method to encode streams using the jpeg2000 standard
computes the precession matrix from one besselian epoch to another using
install just the base environment , no distutils patches etc
get all the versions for the service with specified namespace ordered by compatibility
determine whether l { deferred } debugging is enabled .
parse gml into a graph .
check if an image is present in glance .
set the named ports on a managed instance group .
build a request with the received method .
registers the user .
set package current in hold state to install state , meaning it will be upgraded .
core code for a command - line application .
optimization to insert inplace versions of addsd .
create user account login : string login name password : string password password _ hashed : boolean set if password is a nt hash instead of plain text machine _ account : boolean set to create a machine trust account instead
remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute
convert a json project to the native object .
calculates the cirumcenters of the circumspheres of tetrahedrons .
performs the fast fourier transform of a real - valued input .
print a list of keypairs for a user
remove white spaces , tabs , and new lines from a string
create self - signed https certificares and store in paths ssl _ cert and ssl _ key
builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
provides a location to manipulate an action in preparation for display .
get the users umask .
saves photos from existing episodes to new episodes in the current users default viewpoint .
retrieves the active web certificate configuration for the specified course
reverse the 1 - d slices of a along axis axis .
return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
determines whether a url should be handled by gcs stub .
get current power state
migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
update all packages .
returns the url string from a url value that is either a string or urllib2 . request . .
given a year * year _ val * , return the number of days since the 1970 epoch .
an op to compute the length of a sequence , from input shape of [ batch _ size , n _ step ] , it can be used when the features of padding are all zeros .
get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
serialize the model , callbacks and datasets .
get the points from the segment table .
polls for completion of job ( s ) and then processes / cleans up results check _ run _ complete _ f : function which returns true when polled job ( s ) complete and false otherwise process _ run _ results _ f : function applied to process the results of the polled job ( s ) - - run only after check _ run _ complete _ f = > true clean _ up _ f : function applied to clean up after the polled job ( s ) - - run after process _ run _ results _ f check _ run _ complete _ file : file passed to check _ run _ complete _ f on each call process _ run _ results _ file : file passed to process _ run _ results _ f clean _ up _ file : file passed to clean _ up _ f seconds _ to _ sleep : number of seconds to sleep between calls to check _ run _ complete _ f
look up and return the value for given url name in configuration .
queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings
turn a simple dict of key / value pairs into xml
enable the ssh daemon
takes article or related to article model .
decorator for bigmem tests .
single folder view page
fakes plugging vifs .
restful crud controller
get matrix starting from the object if it exists , otherwise get a matrix starting from stratch .
return a predefined connector object .
accepts an ipv4 dotted quad and returns a string representing its binary counterpart
return a tuple of the name and description
update the docstring to include all the available readers / writers for the data _ class . read or data _ class . write functions .
check for required version of boto and make this pillar available depending on outcome .
starts and stops the server for each app in apps
vectorized version of stats . dirichlet . logpdf .
re - write the sine function sin as gamma functions , compatible with the strip .
this is a factory method that instantiates and returns a subtype of drtabstractvariableexpression appropriate for the given variable .
dataframe covariance and pearson correlation .
send information to geoserver .
remove a file if it exists
i return true if key is part of text .
convert an instance to a string representation .
parses a string containing a fuzzy date and returns a datetime . datetime object
main converter function .
checks to see if the function is marked as not requiring authentication with the @ unauthenticated decorator .
test dipole fitting .
returns a vis _ square for the given layer data
get whether a user wants to receive emails .
this method converts a torrent in the database to a json dictionary .
loader for the labeled faces in the wild pairs dataset
a module to convert a single pos tagged sentence into conll format .
finds a free id , locks it and returns integer id , or - 1 if none free .
get port from database
get the next available ebs device name for this ec2 instance .
parse config for log _ format directives
uninstall a package
query to see if a volume id is an image - volume contained in the cache
updates a parsed yaml structure setting a key to a value .
returns git version from git - - version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 9 . 1 etc
call a llvm intrinsic floating - point operation .
grant roles or usernames based on ip addresses .
checks if a connection is to a vcenter . .
detail view of a users profile .
clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
simple function to interact with user
check if api request version satisfies version restrictions .
re - bind a workflow instance to another instance of the same model .
retrieve full absolute path to the pack file .
batches input images and captions .
untar the file to the destination location .
a plain implementation of rprop
determine action to invoke .
this function takes additional parameters : head _ offset - offset to apply to heading levels html _ type - xhtml or html style tags
queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file _ data : dict of open file objects , contains input fasta , qual , and mapping files , and output filepaths for partially demultiplexed fasta and qual files , and unassigned sequence output file .
reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage .
returns a list of distributed virtual switches for the the specified host .
returns the sha1 fingerprint and a base64 - encoded pkcs12 version of the certificate .
list patterns from a collection of alias objects
checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter , or none is none matched .
additional weighted local linear regressions , performed if iter > 0 .
compare two seqrecord or dbseqrecord objects
get list of all public modules relative to a path .
find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
rowfunc provides a function that can be mapped onto a sequence .
function to extract information from an openid service element
logs a successful snatch
builder for rebulk object .
perform non - local means denoising on 2 - d or 3 - d grayscale images , and 2 - d rgb images .
the tokenize ( ) function accepts two parameters : one representing the input stream , and one providing an output mechanism for tokenize ( ) .
weight function to replace lambda d : d * * - 2 .
yields args if there are less than a limit otherwise writes args to an argfile and yields an argument list with one argument formed from the path of the argfile .
serialize the given instance of httperror .
assert the response was returned with status 200 .
parse a date / time string according to the given format .
tests filtering through a search query .
lower triangle of an array .
validate a google storage bucket name .
runs application with environ and start _ response , and captures status , headers , and body .
return the empirical cdf .
reset network of a server .
return network i / o statistics as a namedtuple including the following fields : - bytes _ sent : number of bytes sent - bytes _ recv : number of bytes received - packets _ sent : number of packets sent - packets _ recv : number of packets received - errin : total number of errors while receiving - errout : total number of errors while sending - dropin : total number of incoming packets which were dropped - dropout : total number of outgoing packets which were dropped
ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together .
add vertex elements to an xml element .
log a message
returns theme dirs in given dirs
return the python module for each installed app
get the ldev number from the given object and return it as integer .
stores the name of the current time zone in the context .
ensure that the named sysctl value is set in memory and persisted to the named configuration file .
print single position .
mount the named image via qemu - nbd and return the mounted roots
render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system
creates an internal equality constraint .
create and return a user , either the anonymoususer or a normal django user , setting the is _ staff attribute if appropriate .
makes a single fastq file with all the data
twitter restful controller
decode a bson code _ w _ scope to bson . code . code .
download a plugin specified by file _
return a salt configuration dictionary , master or minion , as a yaml dump
return a dictionary of statistics queries .
create a new commit .
a convenience decorator for state methods .
custom method to allow voting on solutions to a problem
retrieve the log messages
return string diff of pipeline definitions .
pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python
compute the attenuation of a kaiser fir filter .
create a default logger
wrapper to automatically set root _ helper in brick calls .
initialize all parameters needed for the encoder
annotate validation results to restrict uploads of new legacy add - ons if specific conditions are met .
returns the indented python code of text .
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database .
a view decorator that adds the specified headers to the vary header of the response .
test whether filename matches pattern .
test averaging forward solutions
run coverage tests .
update volume status based on attachment .
return the directory that accumulator data is stored in , creating it if it doesnt exist .
asserts dimensions of window
build and return a propfind response .
increases the rate - limit for the specified user
get group information .
encode a sequence of two - element tuples or dictionary into a url query string .
return a 2 - tuple containing .
return the common prefix for all completions .
create a user .
remove illegal path characters for windows
convert camel case to a " pythonic " name .
decorator to generate extra debug info in case off ssh failure
get the cpu times for processes running on a node .
add pillars output to negatives and positives .
return the k - crust of g .
serialize the provided object .
get the global interactiveshell instance .
reduce elems using fn to combine them from right to left .
try and parse a tls record .
set the default keychain keychain
creates a sorted list of users based on their distance to username
get a list of policy names from a role .
parse a file in the given format and return a single tree .
create a named deterministic variable
performs the email sending task .
set ip address for the windows vm .
create a new child cell entry .
create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs , plus any similar fields on the base classes .
legacy html escape for non - unicode mode .
opens a stream and reads 8192 bytes from it .
checks that the given string is a valid two - letter u . s .
get a network by uuid or raise if it does not exist .
create a session by pushing the given document to the server , overwriting any existing server - side document .
this method unescapes the given string
by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions
map a function in parallel across an array .
conditionally updates the access token in the database
get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
recursively reload all modules used in the given module .
return an empty revision with enough stuff filled out that it can be saved .
this is a tool for getting a sid from a name .
command : read error
check if the value represents a boolean .
modify the environment for a test , adding / updating values in dict values and removing any environment variables mentioned in list remove .
convert string value to native python values .
find the n - th derivative of a function at a point .
checks the field html is a valid html string .
create a new instance of the specified iid
store incoming database file in a temporary directory .
evaluate fitted model using a set of metrics .
intercept calls to render _ to _ response and attach the context dict to the response for examination in unit tests .
return all metrics
retrieve category from file name , but only if " cat " is none .
prints the current version number
modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids .
executes the given java runner .
make a remote view of dictionary * data * - > globals explorer
removes the first api version from the href .
replace any api . command objects with their results
this function generates a lorentz time series of length sample _ len , with standard parameters sigma , rho and beta .
creates a blockdevicemapping object from the given bdm _ dict
this handler gets called after the argument table for the operation has been created .
retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields
given a qtransform , return a 3x3 numpy array .
returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file path .
this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role .
parses options from / etc / sysconfig / docker to determine if the registry is currently insecure .
get an interpolated color value .
marks the returned response as to - be - unpacked if it is a templateresponse .
return characters of key arranged in a square .
helper to compute cross validation .
returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date / datetime field .
samples is list , points is samples by axis coord
produce an appropriate cookie header string to be sent with request , or none .
run a command on a remote host .
python datetime isoformat ( ) has the following problems : - leave trailing 0 at the end of microseconds - tz print + 00 : 00 instead of z - missing timezone offset for datetime without tzinfo
signs message using key dkey , working modulo n
allows a timedelta add operation on a string timestamp
create a link from a path
helper function to translate a possibly - timezone - aware datetime into the format used in the go _ live _ at / expire _ at form fields - " yyyy - mm - dd hh : mm " , with no timezone indicator .
constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably
call sax - like content handler based on treewalker walker
converts depth into a nicer format for display
recover the original from a wrapped phase image .
sets the domains that can bypass the proxy domains
a safe eval supporting basic arithmetic operations .
runs a command attempts times , logging its output .
test whether variance is the same in 2 subsamples
return the request cache named name .
return the absolute name of the module to be imported .
read one unit at a time
read rejection parameters from . cov or . ave config file .
get the vector3s multiplied by a matrix .
a 64 bit decoder from google . protobuf . internal . decoder .
sends an api get request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
used to unpickle model subclasses with deferred fields .
sampling version of e
creates the inception resnet v2 model .
returns portaudio version .
check the roundtrip behavior for images that support most types .
compute the match strength for the individual * x * on the string * y * .
strip the actual command that was run from exc . strerror to leave just the error message
extract index entries from the given document and store them for later use and insert named anchors so that the index can link back to those entries .
print a list of available monitor types .
convert a key into a string of binary digits
defines the three valued or behaviour for a 2 - tuple of three valued logic values
converts an array - like to an array of floats
extend to store previous mode .
a decorator to limit a function to timeout seconds , raising timeouterror if it takes longer .
takes a model or a string of the form " app _ label . modelname " and returns a corresponding tuple .
returns a document by name or filters
if the addon is premium , require a purchase .
given a set of source files , sets the given property on them .
decorator to mark a function to be profiled .
set certain attributes we want on every link .
vertical select callback .
converts an answer received from the java gateway into a python object .
simple convenience function for modules to use for gracefully blowing up if a required tool is not available in the system path .
remove user from conference
return absolute parent dir
wrap a function whos first argument is a paste . deploy style config uri , such that you can pass it an un - adorned raw filesystem path and the config directive will be added automatically based on the type of entity before passing it through to the paste . deploy function .
returns helpful msg in case requirements file does not exist , or cannot be parsed .
copy attributes defined in source . _ _ dict _ _ to the dictionary in globs ( which should be the callers globals ( ) ) .
get axis along which point - wise slicing results lie
get an imdb by name .
returns the given matrix in left - ordered - form .
returns the contents of webdefault . xml in the sdk .
return a groups revisions .
get sibling random variables of input .
generate a manifest and signature and send signature to signing server to be signed .
recreate the instances for a managed instance group .
normalizes given string according to given spec .
try to obtain cached output .
print a list of groups
get wx id of language to use for translations : lang , pref , or system default .
return a hamming window .
check if ini section exists , if not create it
all arguments except for server _ hostname , ssl _ context , and ca _ cert _ dir have the same meaning as they do when using : func : ssl . wrap _ socket .
get objects id or object .
given a list of adjacent objects in a reference path , print the natural path names that follow from one object to the next .
this waits for the shell prompt for each host in an effort to try to get them all to the same state .
create a dictionary of evoked objects .
this recursively calls this function on all children of the passed in element and then iterates over all child elements and removes common inheritable attributes from the children and places them in the parent group .
return full path to the user - shared data dir for this application .
when diff - quality is run with a threshold percentage , it ends with an exit code of 1 .
reads keys from an authorized keys file .
return the list containing the names of the modules available in the given folder .
takes a list or string and flattens it into a string with indentation .
decorator to check the distribution of return values of a function .
show all indices in the database , for people with poor spelling skills
registers ui home page
merge different sources into a single one .
checks if the user is a reviewer for the given locale .
find a lineage object with name certname .
wrap a single paragraph of text , returning a list of wrapped lines .
reverse of find _ xem _ numbering : lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering
checks the page exists , and returns its url or the url to create it .
strip string lookup table and replace values in source .
emit insert statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ insert _ commands ( ) .
the beta api is deprecated for 0 . 15 . 0 and later .
factory function to create a decorator that applies one or more labels .
returns a theano randomstreams .
combinations with repetition
grab a lock on job : itunes _ trends and call runonce .
return the default base location for distlib caches .
detect if text has mixed eol characters
when applied between a wsgi server and a wsgi application , this middleware will check for wsgi compliancy on a number of levels .
add a store _ fs for a store that doesnt exist yet
build regular expression to parse given format .
checks configuration to see whether the user has ssl turned on .
builds the machine id change config spec .
creates an argument spec for working with retrying
updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it .
this function extracts the docstring from the specified function , parses it as a yaml document , and returns parameters for the os _ server module .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ degree _ list .
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
cancels the given batchjob .
remove certificate exception for given course and student from certificatewhitelist table and invalidate its generatedcertificate if present .
converts integer label to binary representation .
query the package status in both the local system and the repository .
extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
check to see if pyenv is installed .
returns translation matching parameters .
if alert appear on save then unexpectedalertpresentexception will occur and test will fail .
a decorator which will call the supplied test _ method when a cluster with the required number of nodes is available .
run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list
converts a collection domain object to a search dict .
suspend the thread until another , previously spawned thread completes .
loads all key / value pairs into memory which arent associated with a specific task .
return a dictionary of scheme - > proxy server url mappings .
attempt to parse mysql database config file for connection settings .
calculates unexpected line changes .
mixin for thing subclasses for managing a relation to users .
check for the existence of a rule in the table and chain
this builds a quick mock sparse datastore with 100 values for each discrete , coils , holding , and input bits / registers .
craft a file , display dialog .
unregister a file from the package database
fetches information of a specific firewall rule
checks for improper use of disallow * macros .
compile the master side low state data , and build the hidden state file
gets the presence for a jid .
given a list of lddas , return a list of datasets for them .
define an inference network for face recognition based on inception modules using batch normalization
alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe .
perform the oauth2 dance to transform a consumer key and secret into a bearer token .
try to get all courses by first reversing django groups and fallback to old method if it fails
paging request type 3 section 9 . 1 . 24
run a query on a cassandra cluster and return a dictionary .
return a list of movie akas , sorted by their similarity to the given title .
perform pickle to string
adds additional headers representing glance features to be enabled .
signals apache solr to start , stop , or restart .
returns a sorted list of keywords in the given string .
delete a vpc resource .
get the sequencer id corresponding to the sequencer information
test that latex _ to _ png _ dvipng just runs without error .
get the address of a trakt api endpoint .
prints warning messages to stderr
update or add resources from dll / exe file srcpath in dll / exe file dstpath .
convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on
list all valid startup disks on the system .
create subscriptions to a topic .
determine the current migration job type
verify that value is true , false , 0 , or 1
loads a template and renders it with the current context .
xor the algorithm state with a block of key material
sets a new brightness and reapplies the color palette .
modify users forum role .
given a numpy dtype , finds its " zero " point , which is exactly in the middle of its range .
upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade
reload a service .
return the relevant reservations .
helper function to build x axis for points captured per epoch .
creates and writes the network statistic files including degree info
the launchhubserver function is used to start the iohub process by the main psychopy experiment script .
returns a 4 - int - tuple of .
adds a cluster to the postgres server .
get a set of evenly spaced colors in hls hue space .
adjust p to str w correct num of decimals for num monte carlo iters
queries against testview grouping by the specified fields and computings counts for each group .
require an openvz os template .
list all installed plugins
join both xintersections tables and put the join into the intotable .
get type from vmodl name
common code between creating " standard " jobs and creating parameterized jobs
use ghostscripts bbox device to find the center of the bounding box .
enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
convert a complex object into primitives .
dumps sub - process information to a file
a demonstration showing the creation and use of a dependencygrammar to perform a projective dependency parse .
ensure id is unique in set of ids .
reverses a tuple
check only the common name in the certificate presented by the peer and only for an exact match .
converts a float to a rational pair .
completes given worksheet from given dataset .
job titles controller
loads data out of the fips ecdsa siggen vector files .
register new compression method .
read data from source and target files and put into buckets .
read in rospack _ cache data into cache .
compare remote _ info to info and decide if the remote storage policy index should be used instead of ours .
update the license file to include the current year .
print a list of available flavors .
save modified and original unmodified value of configuration var
parser for a bootstrap / jackknife support in tab delimited text
set multiple salt process environment variables from a dict .
return rank of candidate .
get info in evoked file .
hash a password .
linode - python is now returning some complex types that are not serializable by msgpack .
construct a one - hot matrix from a vector of integer labels , but only including columns corresponding to integer labels that actually appear .
converts key names into parameter names .
tainted keeps a set of attributes defined in parent nodes .
download streaming data from a url , printing progress information to the terminal .
reverse order of entire loaded playlist .
mangle the identifier
generate a selectfield consisting of the current list of tool dependency ids for an installed tool shed repository .
turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional .
cms interface to reversion api - helper function .
return legacy qos policy information if present in extra specs .
returns a list of ranks corresponding to the elements in t .
yield messages from a translation csv file
creates directories and files found in .
compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder
return an iterator of .
simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
returns a string which leaves the value readily available for js consumption .
parse a taxonomy file .
perform any argument value coercion necessary for unix client parameters .
write service types .
return the current time , expressed in the named timezone
process the xml element .
central place to make any api v2 api request .
factory function to construct a custom ziphandler instance .
return a soapcallinfo given a wsdl port and operation name .
md5sum of basestring .
pop the smallest item off the heap , maintaining the heap invariant .
return service _ dir + name if possible name the services name to work on
returns the singular of a given word .
test that pprint works for heap allocated types .
print help message for commandline options
output the current contents of the database as a fixture of the given format
test processing of maxwell filtered data .
minimize a function over a given range by brute force .
central difference approximation of the gradient of a scalar function .
parses a string module with a builder .
get triangle mesh from derivation , negatives , positives and xmlelement .
send notification email containing list of files
return a tensor with free indices substituted according to index _ tuples index _ types list of tuples
parse a date and time from a string .
preconfigured wrapper around the celery command .
yields the c - contigous strides
parse a pem - format key .
convert index to key .
if the config option ebuild . enforce _ nice _ config is set to true , this module will enforce a nice tree structure for / etc / portage / package . * configuration files .
regenerate certificates for a user .
shear images with the same arguments , randomly or non - randomly .
create tests to verify a class provides standard = = and ! = behavior .
returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user .
get name of a caller in the format module . class . method skip specifies how many levels of call stack to skip for callers name .
return virtual name of the module .
pyramid tween to handle service end of life .
binary prediction accuracy , also known as 0 / 1 - loss .
generate all simple paths in the graph g from source to target , starting from shortest ones .
fairly portable uname interface .
exclude games in brazil .
write the properties xml .
list all for bridges
plot evoked data as butterfly plot and add topomaps for time points .
return match jobs list
return a map of key - > list of things .
determines whether a given string is an entity key .
deletes an index .
save a list of objects into the file given by the filename .
drops the database .
merge the old doctree with the new one while looking at nodes matching the condition .
create a file if it doesnt exist and open for reading and writing .
create the directory tree structure .
computes style gradient and loss from activation features .
way to convert an element p of k [ t , 1 / t ] to k [ t , z ] .
takes a list of lists of timestamps .
construct absolute urls to css assets in a package .
clears all events currently in the event buffer .
bilinear transformation to convert a filter from analog to digital .
make the given class un - picklable .
initalization of a home assistant server and slave instance .
write a full - featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output
change instances index to cover .
used to time if the collapse of ccontiguous dims are useful
returns a compressed javascript string with comments and whitespace removed .
this function installs or upgrades a package .
get the accessible attribute .
setup access to netatmo cameras .
get geographic coordinates from ip using geoip database
dump memory stats for the current process to a temp directory .
parse svg text and store the layers .
try to find pythonw on windows .
figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns .
replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n .
encode character string in the series / index using indicated encoding .
render an image using ghostscript
simple error handler for service bus service .
remove all config files
ensure that the configuration passed is formatted correctly and contains valid ip addresses , etc .
return the text style dict for a text instance
lpar configuration data parser .
split a path into components in a platform - neutral way .
uses trial division to find prime factors of n .
helper method to wait for desired value returned by callback method
remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary
check if the pci _ dev meet spec requirement
close a finder window for folder , specify by path .
clean the i18n directory of artifacts
a decorator for stripping version and branch information from return values that are , or contain , usagekeys or
verify a browserid login attempt .
given a course id , return the corresponding course descriptor .
convert a column number into a column letter
this decorator works as follows : call it with a setting and after that use the function with a callable that returns the key .
this method helps you get access to linkedin api quickly when using it from the interpreter .
converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially
split sequence s via predicate , and return pair .
set the host and set the scheduled _ at field of a volume .
list active mounts on solaris systems
create and run multiple link network
generic external auth login or signup
kill the salt minion .
returns the csrf token required for a post form .
open a fif file for writing and writes the compulsory header tags .
this function is intended to run a command against a user - configurable list of bibliography plugins set using the bibliography setting .
ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service .
transforms bytes or unicode into a byte stream .
helper method to get a course key eith from a string or a coursekey , where the coursekey will simply be returned
create the gpg object
return an iterator over all lexer classes .
get response for when transport = cli .
given a url and a key / val pair , set or replace an item in the query parameters of the url , and return the new url .
returns all the tree positions in the given tree which are not leaf nodes .
prints sentiment analysis on a given file contents .
set descriptions for gitweb use .
returns a count of incomplete todos
finds a package and returns the prefix as well as the folder that contains the package or module as a tuple .
test whether a path is a mount point
return the tags associated with an efs instance .
and _ expression : equality _ expression
create a new tdes cipher
restful crud controller - used by role _ required autocomplete
helper function to decode rfc2047 encoded headers .
attempts to correct barcode , get added demultiplex data curr _ bc : current barcode sequence to attempt correction with ids _ bcs _ added _ field : dict of : sampleid fasta _ label : current full fasta label all _ bcs : list of all barcode sequences .
get vmodl type name from type
a dummy function to link results together in a graph
part of the optimization algorithm in scalar _ search _ wolfe2 .
adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string
validator for stack depends .
issue delete statements for a list of objects .
returns a description of the table , with the db - api cursor . description interface .
convert a timestamp into a timezone - aware datetime .
check that asset with asset _ name exists in assets .
combines downloads _ series and updates _ series into one payload .
ascertain if the volume _ path contains a host path as well as a container path .
returns a list of available calculators .
verify that a given passphrase matches its hashed version .
initialize seed values for : func : id _ srand .
contact add with preselected type
get all available regions for the sns service .
return a list of the elements in s , but without duplicates .
install just the base environment , no distutils patches etc
evaluates a string - node , looking for an annotation
read a file content , this function is used to load editor content .
call le to get a new signed ca .
internal helper to unpack a user value from a protocol buffer .
spin until the parent vhd is coalesced into its parent vhd
returns url encoding of string s
returns a form field for a db . blobproperty .
a wrapper for pythons urllib . unquote ( ) function that can operate on the result of django . utils . http . urlquote ( ) .
allow some basic logging configuration to be read from the cherrpy config .
merges lists and comma delimited lists .
extract user input params from aws style parameter - pair encoded list .
return the mpf tuple normalized appropriately for the indicated precision after doing a check to see if zero should be returned or not when the mantissa is 0 .
curried wrapper around array . astype for when you have the dtype before you have the data .
returns true if the object is editable for the request .
determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action admin : % is true if the user has any of : as rules .
return a copy without fields that can differ .
looks to see if zpool is present on the system
return an extrapolated copy of the given scope .
avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations : - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
indent an elementtree element and its children .
create foreign keys .
return an empty mimetools . message object .
get intersection loops .
take mcmap and add trees to random locations on the surface to treelist .
a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth _ strategy .
helper function to set an invalid last modified time
inserts spaces before the capital letters in a camel case string .
return the given name in canonical " surname , name " format .
returns checksum for a question .
return tuple of ints from line . col string .
guidos monkeypatch metaclass .
deletes documents from an index .
copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths
generate a random column of probabilities .
return the timestamp iso 8601 format : yyyy - mm - dd .
convert strings to complex number instance with specified numpy type .
return information for a particular certificate cert _ path path to the cert file digest what digest to use for fingerprinting
translate a cassandra - style type specifier ( optionally - fully - distinguished
converts a term in the expansion of a function from binary to its variable form .
logins to the game
run cookiecutter with the given input _ dir path .
wrapper for calling an api view .
number of human resources deployed
a function to connect to a bigip device and list all nodes or a specific node .
compute inter - source distances along the cortical surface .
returns the of an image , given an open file or a path .
connect an action to a function
convert nx3 or nx4 lab to rgb
this primitive represents a list of static values , stepping through each one on mutation .
get points rotated by the plane angle
convert app guids to pretty names , flatten count structure .
return a directed graph with the given degree sequences .
manipulates ordered dicts before they are hashed
prints descriptive statistics for one or multiple variables .
joins the given path with the static _ url setting and appends the cms version as a get parameter .
decorates a constraint checker .
returns the data as rendered markdown
make sure that value is a valid integer , potentially within range .
currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location .
return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state
task that handles updating the models schema .
login to a target with the target name
returns a dictionary of - items .
instructs chocolatey to install a package .
appends string _ to the response .
get from head of a git repo .
estimate the graph size during a rechunk computation .
return data to a pg server
runs bokchoytestsuite with the given options .
ask if operation should proceed ; return true if the answer is ok
calculate the minimax optimal filter using the remez exchange algorithm .
get an iterator of all of the dataset _ id values on all nodes in the given deployment .
returns an array with evenly spaced values within a given interval .
make sure " incomplete " and " complete " are not identical
only load module if rsync binary is present
translate a range [ port _ min , port _ max ] into a set of bitwise matches .
togows search iteratating over the results .
retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states
change the working directory of this process .
use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http
test maxshield warning .
returns json representation of databook .
returns an approximation for node connectivity for a graph or digraph g .
a list of routes on this machine
modular multiplicative inverse .
generates a list of attracting components in g .
accepts a message pack string or a file object , renders said data back to a python dict .
return available images
extract ids from label lines
does parsed - xml to yaml - string translation .
helper function to unroll for loops .
wrap single quotes around strings
builds a string containing the path to the current registry key .
creates a new , empty file system .
adds an _ _ init _ _ method to cls .
transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation for a vector autoregression .
returns a sizer for a group field .
ensure beacon is configured with the included beacon data .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
marks a test as an expected failure if condition is met .
provides samples from a user - defined distribution .
returns the set of all nodes that are after the given node .
fake view that returns an empty response .
create jar distribution .
save all the dialogs .
jump _ statement : continue semi
write content to output _ path , making sure any parent directories exist .
get list of users with which this document is shared
returns p - value for given x2 and degrees of freedom .
convert between kelvin and kev to an equivalent amount .
returns true if selinux is in enforcing mode , false if permissive / disabled
generate a fast cfg on the given binary , and test if all specified functions are found
compute id of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise name the services name
adjust the shape of the grid to show .
converts a number to a string of bytes .
performs 2d permutation of matrix m according to p .
a decorator to require that a user be an admin for this application to access a handler .
get the default volume type .
check if a function raises a given exception .
make helper functions ( h ) available to flask templates
gets debugging information about a log message : the name of the vlc module emitting the message and the message location within the source code .
computes the gauss - laguerre quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights .
load a trained model for decoding
return the first element in it that predicate accepts .
class decorator that fills in missing ordering methods
generate semi - realistic looking time series data for testing analytics graphs .
loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d , and sigma is 2d brute force from formula no checking of correct inputs use of inv and log - det should be replace with something more efficient
make both add - ons share an author .
return the text of the source code for an object .
removes one or more taps .
starting from start _ dir and moving upwards , find the top - level of the job results dir .
return the valid shells on this system
we can uninstall packages installed with the pyversion removed from the egg - info metadata directory name .
return a waxman random graph .
update the password policy for the aws account .
per - account crispin connection pool , with * read - write * connections .
given a list of items : : - whatever - name1 : value1 - name2 : - key : value - key : value return a generator that yields each tuple , skipping items that are not name - values or those not in the list of matching names .
build a url from the label , a base , and an end .
get the cubic path .
process output from glsa _ check _ list into a dict
insert / update a value in site _ config . json
return covered module names as a nested dict .
daemonize a process
add multiple tools to toolmanager
create a suitable apierror from requests . exceptions . httperror .
extracts the " quadtree coordinates " from an image path .
simple callback that takes the node info from / _ cluster / nodes and a parsed connection information and return the connection information .
transforms any photo into some kind of painting .
check a specified path to verify if inheritance is enabled
get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp .
try to load either the json or yaml version of a file .
print the list of tuples as returned by extract _ tb ( ) or extract _ stack ( ) as a formatted stack trace to the given file .
hack type declarations into source code file .
spawn a new personal stream
get branch matching the key word
iterate through requested access approving or not .
remove boldface formatting from text .
compute expression against scope
reformat the returned data from joyent , determine public / private ips and strip out fields if necessary to provide either full or brief content .
fetch healthz status for the local instance .
computes the total cost for applying a specified penalty to a tensor or group of tensors .
convert a seco . range range into a list target
interpolate peak values using parabolic interpolation mx , px : magnitude and phase spectrum , ploc : locations of peaks returns iploc , ipmag , ipphase : interpolated peak location , magnitude and phase values
get list of files in a pull request
get geometry output by manipulation .
stretch a gcode linear move text .
adds items to a widget .
create a devicefunctiontemplate object and register the object to the cuda typing context .
split sequence into parts barcode , primer and remainder
maxheap variant of _ siftdown
creates a spreadsheet document
displays an active page defined in virtual _ path .
helper parse action to convert tokens to upper case .
updates virtual machine cd / dvd backend device
fire raw exception across the event bus
get tags info
wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl , ensuring that
try and automatically detect which adapter is in monitor mode .
fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found
we return the metadata sent to glance by modifying the sent _ to _ glance dict in place .
extract a list - of - dicts based on parameters containing aws style list .
extrapolate latitude / longitude given a heading and distance thanks to URL
try to find an installation location for the directx sdk .
raise exception if two entries are duplicated .
parse ldif records read from file .
construct distorted input for cifar training using the reader ops .
generate a list of points corresponding to a spring .
build an argumentparser with args for nodegraph based scripts .
returns a hostname as configured by the user
remove packages with pkgrm name
eval cifar - 10 for a number of steps .
with a custom log exception formatter
extracts and returns map view configuration of the reclineview extension .
prepare the master working set and make the require ( )
join two or more path components and create a regexp that will match that path .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , by relaying the meaning of life .
determines which settings file to use and sets environment variables accordingly .
resample an array with minute data into an array with session data .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
get geometry output by manipulation .
given a django web request object , returns the openid trust root for that request ; namely , the absolute url to the site root which is serving the django request .
return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet , sorted by count .
build simulator app if necessary .
attempts to parse semver , fallbacks on legacy
transform key with seed rounds times using aes ecb .
given a iterator of candidate blob names , return a set of 2 - tuples indicating each match : where , is the import component after the prefix is a boolean indicating if suffix is multipart .
hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed - in dict
match userinput against regex .
check if p has a constant term in x
checks if a given user may edit an exploration by checking the given domain object .
searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query , and returns the specified number of results .
returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural , based on the number .
instantiate the vgg16 architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup . get _ template . render with the passed arguments .
parse the output from xmlsec to try to find out if the command was successfull or not .
validates that data lists or ndarrays are the same length .
define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
helper to call a function in a transaction , once .
replaces ampersands with & entities .
like stream _ encode _ multipart but returns a tuple in the form where data is a bytestring .
returns a list of pages for a group .
raise a square matrix to the power n .
fillet a gcode linear move file .
set timezone for a : class : ~ datetime . datetime object .
return a flat top window .
compute the lomb - scargle periodogram with a given method .
return whether xfce is in use .
stop a " service " on the rest server
ensure bookmark exists name : string name of bookmark snapshot : string name of snapshot
build a monomial order on gens .
get a range of values from a sorted set in redis by index
remove white spaces , tabs , and new lines from a string
checks if user has write permission or wiki is public and publicly editable .
create a group snapshot from the values dictionary .
discretize model by integrating the model over the pixel .
check if a vpc peering connection is in the pending state .
resolve ~ and environment variables in * path * .
determines if a filename is contained within one of a set of directories .
return a subset of tags and filters from a library .
check the origin of the request to see if it is a cross site request or not .
used by s3 . supply . js
given a series of rows , return them as a single row where the inner edge cells are merged .
get the state of an service by node name and binary .
check the symlink function
convert a datetime into an rfc 822 formatted date
return a list of icons for oedata of a python file .
train a gradient boosting classifier
return the user settings for a single user .
parse cell line records .
check if the try - except node has an importerror handler .
check if path is a valid path .
process the xml element .
preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection .
find all files under path
mock exception thrown by requests . get .
test making m - eeg forward solution from python
check if the target list includes one or more members .
return true if the image is visible in this context .
return the signed sha - 256 hash of content , using the given key file .
unicode - safe base64 base64 api only talks bytes
set the * y * axis label of the current axis .
sanitizes the msg _ data field before logging .
testing the colorful output of many successful features
decide the right type of dot product depending on the input arguments
run the given subprocess command and return its output .
get the handlers for an iterable of signums .
return an integer for value , which may be a string in base 10 or a numeric type .
fake gcs object metadata
make up for modules which dont define xml _ attributes by creating them here and populating
recursively copy source into destination .
get qiime version and the git sha + current branch
show information about the given top level domain .
add type info definitions from an existing protobuf .
main method for cleaning up network namespaces .
mignotte bound for multivariate polynomials in k [ x ] .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
disable all the firewall profiles
disassociate a floating ip address from a server .
can be used for objects or dictionaries .
given a roidb , construct a minibatch sampled from it .
decorator for makin
construct the url that follows login / registration if we are doing auto - enrollment
returns the httpserver used by this process .
list privileges from a user .
check the integer error return from one of the lapack wrappers in _ helperlib . c .
return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g .
mark a module - level attribute as being deprecated .
try to guess if a module is a standard python module
take a repository definition and expand it to the full pkg repository dict that can be used for comparison .
get name of parent theme .
get profile for one tooth of an annulus .
unpack any environment variables from an env _ file , if set .
sets or deletes the selinux policy for a given filespec and other optional parameters .
base network to be shared ( eq .
update image location .
return useful information from a smartos zone
put to set all inventory for a resource provider .
get the function lists in the file .
retrieve the first traceback of an ignored trailing chain .
get the largest circle outset loop from the loop , even if the radius has to be shrunk and even if there is still no outset loop .
call a last . fm api method .
restful crud controller
memoize aka cache the return output of a function given a specific set of arguments . .
test freezing a git clone .
return all installed services
show the gui and start the main event loop
add a new system manager to a site
extracts jdk version in format like 7u13 - b20 from java - version command output .
merge sort : split the list in half , and sort each half , then combine the sorted halves .
default retrlines callback to print a line .
returns the build date in the form yyyy - mm - dd as a string
return the current configuration value for a specific index .
creates any folders that are missing and assigns them the permissions of their parents
given compilers and post _ pages , return a reasonable default compiler for this kind of post / page .
decorator to enable oauth credentials if authorized , and setup the oauth object on the request object to provide helper functions to start the flow otherwise .
creates an image instance from a qpixmap image
runs the oauthauthorizetoken cgi .
helper function to reduce the amount of information that will be kept in the change log for api gw related return values
a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the last three datapoints on a projected least squares model is greater than three sigma .
returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins .
set callbacks and private data for decoded audio .
test io for raw data .
return the small graph described by graph _ description .
print a message to the user .
find a bivariate b - spline representation of a surface .
return a list of all job ids
filter deprecation warnings while running the test suite .
this is a convenience method to not bother with nested parameter .
register a function or check class as a policy check .
fetch the specific model instance with the given key from the datastore .
search list provided for characters that are represented only once .
a deprecation warning for users with the old , not - self - upgrading letsencrypt - auto .
add the end xml tag .
fetch serial number from the certificate
searching for special words using the grep tool grep is used to speed up the searching and counting
launch a normal ipython instance ipython . embed ( ) puts a shell in a particular calling scope , such as a function or method for debugging purposes , which is often not desirable .
compute l1 and l2 regularization coefficients for w and h
make a large circle containing a smaller circle in 2d .
make sure sys . modules is the same object and has the same content when exiting the context as when entering .
find all the branches whose names start with " p4 / " , looking in remotes or heads as specified by the argument .
ensure a given cache cluster exists .
creates a protobuf request for a createinstance request .
get flags for a given package or depend atom .
follow directs for the link as long as the redirects are on the given sites and return the resolved link .
run a command that interacts with an unreliable network .
get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
return true if user has studio write access to the given course .
return a list of available services
use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet - rtr1 and pynet - rtr2
build a map of all dynamically linked tables .
copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf .
maximum - ish of scores of children
gets live config out of ini file and validates it according to spec .
check the submit _ to for each mr / yarn cluster , and return the logical name or host : port of first one that enables submission .
sort the loops in the order of area according isdescending .
return a list of minions
serve the html5 video sources from a local port
return an estimate of the number of items in obj .
open a resource file given by pathname , possibly decoding an
create and return an : class : imagewindow , show image data inside .
return url for a gravatar .
reverse an order by clause
get compute nodes by host name
get the pdf . js version .
resolves selected answers for the given rule .
monkey - patch urllib3 with pyopenssl - backed ssl - support .
run binscope against an sample file .
set the application wide proxy factory .
pearsons correlation coefficient ( r )
lists tags of the port .
turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr
included for api consistency
set grading policy for the ccx .
return true if the object is a frame object .
print the informations from installed distributions found .
report environment variables describing the cluster .
get new derivation .
since we might be hosted behind a proxy , we need to check the
given a filter config dictionary , return a list of compiled filters
check that the value is a list of strings .
finds proposals that are inside crowd regions and marks them with overlap = - 1 , which means they will be excluded from training .
translates message using the given translation _ function name - - which will be either gettext or ugettext .
returns dataset from tsv stream .
return a list of the reserved characters .
create dir _ name as a directory if it does not exist .
get radial path .
if already - downloaded file has bad checksum , re - download .
return all the execution contexts
check for a modifier ending the string .
order thing _ ids by the value of a data column .
uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph .
delete user avatar .
create two new test networkdevices in the database .
ensure elasticache subnet group exists .
try and parse request as an http request .
check if a missing function should be filtered or not .
register a set of models as belonging to an app .
recursive function to indent an elementtree . _ elementinterface used for pretty printing .
load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
returns an iterable of all resources along the given relationship path for the specified instance of the model .
create an argument parser .
ask the user whether its okay to delete the previously - cloned repo .
find and return the first field with the provided name in the document .
checks whether src _ file has the same md5 hash as the one on disk
return whether this service is running .
start python console bound to the given namespace .
set the owner of an object .
returns the name of the objects type .
return normalized ip if the ip is a valid ip .
enable a beacon .
this function takes an inputsource and an optional base url and returns a fully resolved inputsource object ready for reading .
return a whitespace - normalized name .
outputs the contents of a given file into the page .
only load if boto is available .
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename .
merge all includes recursively .
sends a message to the admins , as defined by the admins setting .
move a file from source to destination
return means for each period in x .
returns a list containing all global site - packages directories .
parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
recursively checks the specified assertions against the text of the first element matching the specified path .
return art url from google . org given an album title and interpreter .
change collection options
return course key for coursetalk widget
initialize sorting variables
returns an cleaned url starting with a scheme and folder with trailing / or an empty string
returns the total degree of a monomial .
remove an iis application pool .
creates a wx . app instance if it has not been created sofar .
a module to find maltparser . jar file and its dependencies .
parse the info returned by udevadm command .
test with statement .
return the entire source file and starting line number for an object .
list objects in a given s3 bucket .
ensure we have the proper transform .
set parameters for idrac in a blade .
make a simple wildcarded nxm entry class
these module names are appended to the pyinstaller analysis phase .
return a string containing the major and minor python version , leaving off the patchlevel .
turn the query _ string into a unicode - and ascii - safe string .
set manageiq facts .
creates a fake django orm .
verify if a list of files exist and have content .
show videos related to to vid num .
return an : obj : ordereddict with a brief description of data .
return name for dmg installer .
return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
converts relative path to absolute path based on applications _ parent
the user has selected a module , so we should parse out all the options for this particular module , set the config , and when requested , run it .
generate a stream of tuples for seeding .
delivers a local object to the other side of the connection .
return the minimum of a function of one variable .
assert that the supplied policy _ type can be marshalled to a dict and that the dict contains all the supplied policy attributes .
validate an rrset
open the specified path using http , using the host / port / protocol associated with the specified stub .
return a minimum 4 - term blackman - harris window .
syntactic sugar for binding arbitrary kv pairs to a given logger instantiated from logging . getlogger instead of structlog . get _ logger .
create imageproperties object from a protobuf response .
change the root directory of this process .
converts text to html following the rules of markdown , but blocking any outside html input , so that only the things supported by markdown can be used .
creates a life span with the current time .
registered handler for 500 .
return the constant scalar value underlying variable v .
restful crud controller
read in the credentials from the supplied file path , and then try to authenticate .
this function trains a teacher among an ensemble of nb _ teachers models for the dataset specified .
retrieves all permissions associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable .
add faces from a reversed convex polygon .
return the node where [ base . ] is imported or none if not found
executes imagemagick convert or magick command as appropriate with the given args
registers a model with reversion , if required .
returns a tuple that represents the weighted score .
split a block of text in lines removing unnecessary spaces from each line .
return the base url
byte - compile one file .
sends a notification via rpc .
store parsing config object .
helper function to get pillar [ key _ str ] and check if its type is key _ type
returns true if the provided string is a valid url
adds a public property for a protocol message field .
lowpass filter for the signal x .
recurses up the course tree starting from a leaf
isolate connections around a single node when user left clicks a node .
helper function base64 encode for jose spec
check if raw _ input , which is assumed to be in the national format , has a national prefix .
a function to parse a template tag .
helper function for printing out debugging output .
fold and resolve the argument variables of a function call .
adds a pif for each to the local database with vlan = - 1 .
split a list of tokens on commas , ie , delim tokens .
waits until the function retrieves some required argument .
returns the content of this file .
given a list of exploration summary domain objects , returns a list , with the same number of elements , of the corresponding human - readable exploration summary dicts .
get data and headers of api requests for google analytics .
join two pandas data frames on arbitrary columns
set the field to the specified value .
removes all elements with the given tagname and attributes from the string .
compare discovered and desired state of datasets to determine if they have converged .
adds two images , dividing the result by scale and adding the offset .
return the json for the data - ga - push attribute .
return predefined results based on execute _ table2 .
modules home page
this view is used for manually registering a new service , with only url as a parameter .
send export event mail after the process is complete
a simple helper to invoke l { assertwrapperexceptiontypes } with a c { maintype } of l { requesttransmissionfailed } .
tally how many points fall within the unit circle , and print pi .
import the code in noname _ wrapped . not _ py in file as our own name
update default configuration options for oslo . middleware .
notify about new comment .
adds * prefix * from vrf identified by * route _ dist * and sets the source as network controller .
register an extension code .
take a resource item list and format nicely with blacklisting etc .
instantiates an identity matrix .
test that first ( ) and last ( ) return indexes to the first and last items .
compute the log of the gamma function for a given alpha .
straightforward evaluation of 3d piecewise polynomial
update the repositories
entry point for cherrypys wsgi server
checks that theres no ghost migrations in the database .
verify that the specified python is installed with pyenv .
parses the key default _ actions in the given section .
get a value ( s ) from the minion datastore . .
returns a list of http methods supported by a handler .
if sympy _ debug is true , it will print a nice execution tree with arguments and results of all decorated functions , else do nothing .
return a list of recently viewed products
look up unicode information .
only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
decorator to check if the request is a cors request and if so , if its valid .
checks if aggregate is a hypervisor _ pool .
extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag .
rename an entire tree of values in the registry .
get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values .
join two or more pathname components , inserting " " as needed
decorate the result of fn with action
convert optical frequency to wavelength .
associate host with network .
returns a new exploration id .
create a soft / symlink between source and destination
lazily map function over sequence , yielding two streams :
run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd . run
returns a random draw from a standard normal distribution
returns the path of an executable available on the minion , none otherwise
add the given public ssh key to roots authorized _ keys .
downloads a dependency from a hard - coded url - only used for bootstrapping _ ssl on linux and st2 / windows
merge two series into a single series .
construct an rsakey object
convert the soappy objects and their contents to simple python types .
converts a datetime . datetime to a utc timestamp .
send an exploit to the target and get its response .
return the content of a bond script
setup the sony bravia tv platform .
salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment .
check if a file is in directory .
view for rendering the set password page for a claimed user .
convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object
annotate a klein - style endpoint to indicate it should not be included in user - facing api documentation .
implements the main method running this smoke test .
get the plugins directory path .
cool a gcode linear move text .
checks for horizontal spacing near commas and semicolons .
send an email to settings . api _ access _ manager _ email with the contents of this api access request .
tasks owned by current user
private function to list contents of a queue
generate full paths of potential locations of a given header file based on
return the static web help page .
nonmonotone backtracking line search as described in [ 1 ] _
internal function to save the task definition .
given an array of panelss , create a single panel
create a dict representation of a list of members which we can use to serialize the members list .
send notification message
unset various environment variables that calibre uses .
return a list property from child nodes of the current xml node .
helper for the _ find _ * methods .
converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
diagnostics should be in qflist format ; see " : h setqflist " for details .
release a collection of hosts from user
convert dataset id to volumename with u " default " namespace .
returns all course enrollment information for the given course .
return the vms size .
associate a volume type with specific qos specs .
convert a dictionary of parameter values to a dictionary of strings suitable for persisting .
return true if proc is a kernel thread , false instead .
return true if ~ / viewfinder is old - style or false if new style .
ensure the iam role exists .
try hard to parse datetime string , leveraging dateutil plus some extra goodies like quarter recognition .
return the uri for the given resource .
we only support clang + + as otherwise we hit strange g + + / osx bugs .
given and pooloptions , return a configured socket .
return what fields should be visible based on user settings
astroid boot strapping the builtins module
put this at the beginning of your exploit to create the illusion that your sploit is enterprisey and top notch quality
returns the runtime - specific or general list of supported runtimes .
return all server information from catalina . sh version
ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type .
setup the core python information in the registry .
return command minus anything that follows the final terminator .
display a message dialog
get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list .
updates fulltext index for given set of units .
align to the next 32 - bit position in a file
get the inset loops , which might overlap .
try to get the formatted argspec of a callable from the first block of its docstring
check if a sub path is valid given an iterable of parent paths .
creates a security context based on the configuration
signal to delete the siteresources on site delete
based on code from URL
add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove
take a sequence of details dictionaries and combine them into one .
increment the line number of each node in the tree starting at * node * by * n * .
if an integer or float begins at the specified position in the given string , then return a tuple containing the value of the number and the position where it ends .
replaces links to the correct format for mxp .
set address = unknown for the bogus outputs in bitcoin 71036 .
returns the list of credit requirements for the given course .
context manager that attaches extra information to exceptions that fly .
randomly select crossover point in each individual and exchange each subtree with the point as root between each individual .
set the name of partition to name .
yield pasted lines until the user enters the given sentinel value .
initial docker setup
return whether the given app id is currently configured .
create a qtextbrowser for the specified text
finds git http backend
converts any given object to utf - 8 encoded string .
steps to programmatically generate a disk : 1 .
each time were called , return the next integer in the natural numbers .
test if the right units are being returned
recodes variables from the pregnancy frame .
get all agent builds .
wrapper for jinjas truncate that checks if the object has a _ _ truncate _ _ attribute first .
run command through switchs cli . .
convert coil _ trans to loc .
remove a container from a docker installation container container id force remove a running container , default is false v remove the volumes associated to the container , default is false
stop the named service for the given host or list of hosts .
take template as a string and return the high data structure derived from the template .
get the svg text .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
define scala _ library target .
link to a bokeh github issue .
list all available package upgrades .
assert that the given clock doesnt have any pending delayed calls .
test connection to data source by issuing a trivial query .
split a path into a list of elements of the file system hierarchy .
run migrations in online mode .
inner covariance matrix for white on group sums sandwich
reads a certificate from a file .
compute connectivity for a source space activation .
for all the items matched by the query , update the library to reflect the items embedded tags .
return a new empty document object .
return true if the given statement node raise an exception
returns a namedtuple of jedis version , similar to pythons sys . version _ info .
return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output
pre - failure manhole representation of exceptions .
tickets assigned to current user
hubble extreme deep field .
get / create the info for this name
load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
parse illumina 1 . 3 to 1 . 7 fastq like files .
write a list of gaf records to an output stream .
context manager that temporarily replaces stdout for tests that need to verify output
only load if requests is installed
create keyring for cluster
test epochs pandas exporter .
builds the property spec object .
get the hostname of the esxi host currently running an instance .
helper function to take a string with the neon module and classname then import and return the class object
elementwise natural logarithm plus one function .
prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
set caching headers .
if a newer release is available , download and install it
instantiates an keras variable filled with samples drawn from a normal distribution and returns it .
check to ensure that node is not the popular or new _ and _ noteworthy links _ node .
inject custom aws deploy commands .
get terminal size linux .
decorator to use a writer db context manager .
returns a systemstat describing cpu usage , expressed in mcycles .
text output - default function for say ( )
returns a list of all modules for the application .
get a reasonable method resolution order of a class and its superclasses for both old - style and new - style classes .
regex out logins and passwords from a string
create a symlink .
get the certificate path or content ca _ name name of the ca as _ text if true , return the certificate content instead of the path cacert _ path absolute path to ca certificates root directory
return difference between cur _ val - last _ val , update last _ val
finds the number of samples connected to the same otu split by metadata
fft of gaussian kernel following to silverman as 176 .
convert timestamp to datetime , assuming utc .
create a single vm from a data dict
truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
calculate the mean for a set of values .
run any pending migration tasks
display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings .
load current redirect to context .
check that the left and right sparsedataframe are equal .
check to see if attributes are set on an elb .
get all paths .
return the eccentricity of nodes in g .
makes a python string translation table .
returns a synchronized shared object
send an api . fault notification .
reconstruct matrix from its id .
load all of the given extensions .
write hb - format file .
perform an a6 record lookup .
convert a param . val string to its intended python code
generate a random char with chars collection
parse a primitive category
samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax .
temporary install for convenience .
return all values of a querydict key
predicate for whether a token name can be split into multiple tokens .
return int containing memory used by this process .
import the module .
utility function for gf _ edf _ zassenhaus
converts an object to array .
helper to concatenate meg coil parameters .
add side point along with the closest removed endpoint to the path , with minimal twisting .
returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date in the future .
clear background jobs .
decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly .
sink log entries to pubsub .
single transaction view page
decorator to declare which methods are accessible as commands , commands always return 1 or 0 , where 0 should indicate success .
recursively remove a directory .
this function maps the number of children for each node
set up scenes for the litejet platform .
determine a unique folder or filename
take a list of string arguments parsed via pyparsing and evaluate the special variables .
take action call used by start , stop , reboot
only load if boto is available .
returns the degree of peakedness of the given list of values : > 0 . 0 = > sharper peak around mean = more infrequent , extreme values , < 0 . 0 = > wider peak around mean , = 0 . 0 = > normal distribution , = - 3 = > flat
apply the loaded cloud providers configuration .
get abstract description of the workflow modules this galaxy instance is configured with .
this function provides functionality for the ifhasperm template tag
clear the regular expression caches
change the state , either enable or disable , of the named privilege for this process .
creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
return a network entry for a container .
simple showing of an image through an external viewer .
validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter .
overrides a field for the ccx .
log pmf of multinomial .
return threshold value ( s ) based on isodata method .
this utility function contains the logic to determine what streams to use by default for standard out / err .
forks a child to run the server in .
reindex all search - related documents on index _ name .
print the content of nipype node . pklz file .
create database tables for all models with the given engine .
register language support with the manager .
turns on formatted logging output as configured .
make an authentication decorator
a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server
returns a wsgi - compatible function from a webpy - function .
return an un - computable symbolic variable of type x . type .
back - conversion : modules are encoded by their name and classes by the classname
get element in a sequence or dict
generate latex document for dvipng backend .
transform relation into a model or fully - qualified model string of the form " app _ label . modelname " , relative to scope _ model .
converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits .
convert between ucsc chromosome naming conventions and ensembl naming conventions ( 1 )
takes a sum of terms involving clebsch - gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms .
unmount the path .
remove an authorized key from the specified users authorized key file
log a single - line summary of the error for easy log grepping .
provides a generic context variable name for the object that comments are being rendered for .
validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority
returns a diffchunkgenerator instance used for generating chunks .
convert a json resource record set value to the native object .
pull docker images .
update a resource type , raise if not found
open the file pointed to by path with the specified mode .
transforms from an old module to a new one .
fetch information from a file .
accepts list of dicts and packs the key / value pairs into a single dict .
computes a theano function that computes one leapfrog step and the energy at the end of the trajectory .
get grains for proxy minion . .
fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter .
add accept selectors for existing annotations .
factory function for a general polynomial model .
cutting nodes away from menus
logic to have always the correct sys . path , web2py / gluon , web2py / site - packages , web2py / . . .
only load if python - memcache is installed
returns a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group .
reads the contents of a file , which could be referenced locally or as a uri .
get all splunk search details .
install application - specific bufr image handler .
creates a url for the page where the request token can be authorized .
get the translated complex path .
return a list of disk partitions plus the mount point , filesystem and usage statistics .
create a cache parameter group .
set the capacity of the entity cache .
add instance _ system _ metadata indexes missing on postgresql and other db .
return the grid _ id from the non - none input argument .
a loop that never exits .
test uninstall package with two or more entry points in the same section , whose name contain a colon .
context manager for writing utf - 8 csv data to response
creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment .
get a languages name in the currently active locale .
accepts one parsedbug object , as a python dict .
factory method for paste . deploy .
add the menu entities to the menu .
execute a command and read the output as yaml
returns the name of a folder with the now time as suffix
create an amazon nat gateway .
migrate summary to description field for a handful of themes after getpersonas migration .
apply default formatting for help messages
returns views on the arrays y and x where missing observations are dropped .
least - recently - used cache decorator .
encode a sequence of two - element tuples or dictionary into a url query string .
start a machine by name
converts a string argument to a byte string .
make a file descriptor non - blocking .
get the nearest point on the segment .
ensure service present in keystone catalog name
convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath .
test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste [ openid ] .
modules home page
if redirect _ to param is safe , then perform the redirect .
load the named feature from an ordered list of dotted - notation modules which each implements the feature .
show details about a backup .
decode a recieved 24 bit vector to a corrected 24 bit vector uses golay defaults input : received bitvec is 24 bits long , listlike output : corrected _ vec , num _ bit _ errors corrected _ vec is none iff num _ errors = 4
a task that measures the time it was sitting in the queue .
push release - specific resources to transifex .
returns yearly activity for matching changes as json .
attempts to check and split audio files by a cue for the given directory .
strategy for canonicalization
projective transform by given coordinates , usually 4 coordinates .
loads a target cgi script by importing it as a python module .
none - safe wrapper around url _ unescape to handle unmatched optional groups correctly .
returns a list of all the messages encapsulated in obj .
decode the xtext - encoded string c { s } .
stop the server ( s ) .
lists the qos given a tenant _ id and qos _ id
lookup a lexer class by name .
try to integrate f dx from zero to infinity .
remove multiple whitespaces and whitespaces at the beginning and end of the given string .
handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module .
appends the given content to the fragment .
given multiple effects , return one effect that represents the sequence of all of their effects .
check if the invited user is already a registered .
check if user site directory is safe for inclusion
shorten colors from # aabbcc to # abc where possible .
the url is on an oembed - friendly domain and looks like an image .
check configuration sanity
recursively escapes strings in an object .
return weights for an np - point central derivative .
a wrapper around tf . placeholder .
encryptes the data with the given secret key .
helper for deprecation add _ eeg _ ref - > false .
execute the patch
get the recording with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a recording key .
render all custom fields in a form
the axapi uses 0 / 1 integer values for flags , rather than strings or booleans , so convert the given flag to a 0 or 1 .
calls a function multiple times , backing off more and more each time .
build differential modify list for calling ldapobject . modify ( ) / modify _ s ( ) old _ entry
get all descendants of the immediate ancestors of the entity within these roles / role types
returns selected widget items
register the checker .
determine action to invoke .
given a list of clsid , create and register class factories .
fetches a list of all firewalls for a tenant
execute varnishadm command return the output of the command cmd
a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape .
adjusts the list of sources and excluded sources .
return the lexicographic product of g and h .
remove all files that match the sample pattern
delete dhcp option
converts a string containing comma separated email addresses into a list of email addresses .
create a new block cipher , configured in ccm mode .
extracts the path info from the given url and path .
this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
handles messages from the desktop name dialog box
helper for the image . show method .
get all non - deleted instance _ types .
returns an initialized umc module , identified by the given name .
get the double value of the word after the first occurence of the letter in the split line .
test gl proxy class for full functionality .
import a python object given its full name .
returns next weekday used for observances
creates a new environment in home _ dir .
update a column from a grid .
return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability p .
load module from any filename
merges results of chimeras / clusters into list of chimeras , nonchimeras de _ novo _ clusters : dict of clusterid : seq ids chimeras : list of chimeric seq ids
create a file with the given content on a remote host .
return the start and end date for a goal period based on today
read graph in pajek format from path .
creates a logical port on the assigned logical switch
write integer 32 matrix tag .
returns a start vector and direction vector
update a worker with given values .
utility method to default to normal state rules in serialization .
does the current nipype module have a git folder
map the references in value to actual _ course _ key and return value
parse and validate a format specifier .
a function to get all opcounters delta per minute .
gethostname ( ) - > string
from a graph produced by buildgraph ( ) , produces an output in the dot format .
return the day names used by the locale for the specified format .
returns a list of all recognized module suffixes for this process
setuptools was imported prior to invocation , so it is unsafe to unload it .
supports the command - line arguments listed below .
mirror a url path in a local destination .
return an auto - proxy for token
helper for the _ find _ * methods .
generates error traceback html .
the linear inequality constraint matrix .
gets the list of comments for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value , whose name is defined by the as clause .
clear all callbacks .
remove specific characters from the provided filename .
marks specific instance _ type as deleted .
should be equivalent of scipy . stats . tiecorrect
perform an asof merge .
indicates if the request context is a normal user .
runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
close a file descriptor if already open .
create a message in the current session .
helper to print messages
shuffle using local disk
generates a set of image files based on image _ file and stores them according to the sizes and filenames specified in profile _ image _ names .
extract the value of a named field in a url .
test whether a given bokeh model matches a given selector .
run the specified command and return its results .
transform from ascii string to bit list .
decodes a error packet .
leaves transaction management for a running thread .
restful crud controller
get the number of cpu cores .
remove leading indent from a block of text .
ensure key absent from redis name
displays text with line numbers .
primary _ expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen
returns a common but often generic alphabet object .
returns the definite article for a given word .
backported version of webtest . form . submit that actually works for submitting with different submit buttons .
delete an imagemember object
creates a linode configuration profile .
sends a post request to the testing server associated with context context : a behave context url : a relative url , i . e . " / zone / management / none " or " / securesync / logout " data : a string containing the body of the request
add current datetime to template context .
return a : class : . lateral object .
create a dataframe representing futures for root _ symbols during year .
when a step definition raises an exception , it is marked as a failed step .
return a list of datasets that match a string .
replaces the docstring of the decorated object and then formats it .
stop the specified service
return the service info for a service by label , filename or path
maintain a list of valid true keys
generates the actual list of data .
element - wise power function .
the root directory for zipline data files .
returns true if and only if the filesystem is writable
plot the given voronoi diagram in 2 - d
send an email using template
formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition .
dump all the dropped files .
return physical memory usage
transform constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer
edit media means only changing the description , for now .
helper function to do the repository push .
map sqlalchemy types to spyne types .
convert a dictionary of strings as produced by params _ to _ strings back into parameter values .
return the version of pkg
helper to make a stc .
creates listening sockets bound to the given port and address .
reload the named service
type various specific python types .
theres a bug in django / cx _ oracle with respect to string handling under
returns expr after denesting its arguments .
regroups a list of alike objects by a common attribute .
mask generation function , described in b . 2 . 1
load person objects on a range of names .
returns a getter property with a cascading setter .
wait to see update output .
handle template tag variable
return the repr ( ) rendering of the supplied arg .
mark a users cookies as either secure or insecure .
verifies signed content using a list of certificates .
returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore .
join a room .
ensure sane environment and create new parser with wrapper .
do the actual work of collecting data and executing a function
executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
sync files from src to dst .
find primary keys
returns the value corresponding to a lumination change label int .
returns true if a _ _ dunder _ _ name , false otherwise .
shut down subprocess debugger and idle side of debugger rpc link
errcheck function for windows functions that return a bool true on success
decorate decorates a function using a caller .
redo last changes .
synchronization resource headers
passthrough method for eventlet . spawn _ n .
change the var to be a list .
returns a set of edges of minimum cardinality that disconnects g .
computes the probability corresponding to given odds .
validates a device name for instance .
disable vmotion for a given host or list of host _ names .
executable entry point .
resolves host name to ip address .
enforces 2 decimal places after a number if only one is given also formats comma separators every 3rd digit before decimal place .
return the wheel graph
execute a callable over the objects in the given iterable , in parallel , using no more than count concurrent calls .
given a url path , remove extra / s and . path elements and collapse any . . references and returns a colllapsed path .
compute epochs selected by bootstrapping .
add the patches to show .
retrieve latest entry and update blog supernav item
return number of sequences in fasta _ file fasta _ file : an open file object
loads the code of a module , using compiled bytecode if available .
renders a returndict as used by the rest framework into a safe json string .
convert a dictionary of attributes to a single string .
expand environment variables using os _ gstrans .
cosine similarity of two vectors .
generator to return all defined collectors that havent been marked dead in the past hour , allowing temporarily broken collectors a chance at redemption .
for a while we were trying to maintain * exact * stderr compatibility with cpython , at least for the last line of the stderr .
version of inspect . getargspec that works for functools . partial objects
send email after account create
return true if the service is an upstart service , otherwise return false .
decorator to count calls to list _ volumes .
detects text in the file located in google cloud storage .
add multiple hosts to a label .
resolves & # xxx ; html entities .
provide bound metadata for a single test , dropping afterwards .
get the email addresses collected between startdate and enddate .
convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids .
returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
index to corresponding three letter amino acid name .
this event data was never correct , it worked as a side effect .
returns the cache key for the document html .
for some strange reason , sometimes sqlobject wants utf8 strings instead of unicode .
tests the view that mutes / unmutes quality checks .
write the blob contents to a file , and replace them with the filename .
wraps a xmoduledescriptor . from _ xml method , and modifies xml _ data to replace any immediate child items with the contents of the file that they are supposed to include
inserts new inventory records for the supplied resource provider .
calls the method traceroute from the napalm driver object and returns a dictionary with the result of the traceroute command executed on the device .
fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and language and installs it as the current translation object for the current thread .
create a new * * property setter * * .
return all metrics
return a json - friendly dictionary that contains only non - inherited field keys , mapped to their serialized values
the variance of the row x _ i in the direction w
find the maximum clique
converts a size to bytes .
return true if this host : port pair is allowed to be proxied .
callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
create the transitiontable needed by the cluster status fsm .
convert a dict of options to the 2 - tuple format .
the mounted watcher , called to invoke the watch command .
get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops .
queue a translation that needs to be saved for a particular object .
read the contents of a password file and return it
save a media form , add user to updated _ by .
ravel column or 1d numpy array , else raises an error
creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . argv
return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions .
create a technical 404 error response .
zigzag transform : encodes signed integers so that they can be effectively used with varint encoding .
create a dict representation of an image which we can use to serialize the image .
test automatic legend placement
does basic token validation .
extract necessary client header , filter out some .
get a crafted shape file from a list of procedures .
given an element in a binary buffer , return its integer value
get filesystem geometry information .
truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
function to merge two amino acids based on detected frame shift value .
add an item or items to a queue
a topic by a user with moderator permissions .
store authentication token to session and persistent storage .
insert a new entry under a specific endpoint .
get options that start with tab
parse a git - am - style patch and split it up into bits .
uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files
read mm _ stamp tag from file and return as numpy . ndarray .
create custom class for specific integer modulus .
find all members that meet the given criteria .
perform cone search and returns the results of all successful queries .
take zero or more commands to run on the command line , and return the last one that is not none .
guess the type of a file based on its url .
this procedure is an adaption of the algorithm described by [ 1 ] _ , and is an implementation of coloring with interchange .
list zones for the given profile
from an alias , get a key _ id .
make sure that barcodes are the correct length that the user specified .
generic bivariate extreme value copula
cie - lab to xyzcolor space conversion .
adds a repository to a team with team _ name .
if passed an exc _ info it will automatically rewrite the exceptions all the way down to the correct line numbers and frames .
constructs a set of gate identities from the list of possible gates .
this function parses the command line parameters and arguments
get the twist precision in radians .
register api views to respond to a regex pattern .
runs the site making module using an instance of orgunitaddressbook
view function which handles a email confirmation request .
map cffi type to numba type .
revert site domain and name to default .
returns the average pcoa vector values for the support pcoas
send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter : put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry : if positive , how many times to resend unanswered packets if negative , how many times to retry when no more packets are answered timeout : how much time to wait after the last packet has been sent verbose : set verbosity level multi : whether to accept multiple answers for the same stimulus filter : provide a bpf filter iface : work only on the given interface
list subscriptions on a topic .
returns the next url to redirect to , if it was explicitly passed via the request .
similar to : func : get _ deps _ minimal , but this returns all the kivy modules that can indirectly imported .
ensure docker - py > = 0 . 3 . 0 is installed , and call module . fail _ json with a helpful error message if it isnt .
creates a special button element that is actually multiple buttons ; one for the default channel ( 1 ) and one for each of the channels used in user layouts .
add sitedir argument to sys . path if missing and handle . pth files in sitedir
override the test clients session and login to support safe cookies .
crops the given input arrays .
get converted name with init at the beginning and main at the endcompare the function names .
print a message to stderr or the given file - like object .
return full path to the user - shared data dir for this application .
return which api is loaded , if any
computes a truncated randomized svd
decorator to mark algorithms as not implemented
remove ntpd and set clock immediately
returns an lms link to the course with a jump _ to to the provided location .
subscribes a user to a collection .
attempts to parse a date according to the rules in rfc 2822
add an enclosure to rss .
impulse response of continuous - time system .
get a compute node by its associated host and nodename .
validate key and csr files .
register a fakedownloadmanager .
return data to the local job cache
patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands .
solve a system of linear equations .
returns a set of models this one depends on to be defined ; things like
twisted wrapper for the spyne . server . wsgi . wsgiapplication .
returns a list of the create table sql statements for the given app .
decorator which adds the given args and kwargs to the args list of the desired funcs _ _ dict _ _ .
return the project the request should be limited to .
this policy does not merge any existing segments .
least squares estimator for theilsenregressor class .
open a help file , given a full path
spotify - - search spotify for
test backward procedure of a given function .
highest value over a specified period
takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
force google searchs result to open in new tab .
a simple function to apply a gaussian blur on each image in x .
return true if mode is from a fifo .
alias to closest period strings bq - > q etc
format the given object as a positive response .
convert worksheet name and zero indexed row and col cell references to a sheet1 ! a1 : b1 range formula string .
print a list of users
ad - hoc parser for netscape protocol cookie - attributes .
get information about a frame or traceback object .
create new host .
seed the cache for filename with module _ globals .
the list from pypi is really a list of versions .
return a poem 5 seconds later .
check if a dhcp option exists .
the equation which come under this catagory are . .
runs specified network writing the ensuing anomaly scores to writer .
updates packages list .
replaces quote character ( ) with a multi - byte combo % bf % 27 together with generic comment at the end
apply the stanzas namespace to elements in an xpath expression .
check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests
mean square loss .
perform merge with optional filling / interpolation designed for ordered data like time series data .
encodes unicode to bytes in console or system encoding .
return dictionaries mapping lower case typename to type objects from the types package , and vice versa .
only return if all the modules are available
return string containing the contents of the file at * relpath * relative to this file .
return the number of function calls given an root - finding optimizer , a function and upper and lower bounds .
update volume status according to attached instance id
returns the lineagename for a configuration filename .
check that tests use data _ utils . rand _ uuid ( ) instead of uuid . uuid4 ( )
create a companion matrix .
read the zip64 end - of - archive records and use that to update endrec
return full path to the user - specific log dir for this application .
rounding filter that accepts strings .
determine the bank names to use for a device
upload a file to an s3 object .
try and extract the client version from the user - agent string
delete a specific monitor type
get the list of drivers currently registered with this api .
helper function for pretty - printing an fe relation .
get the media used by the media _ player .
print the elements of iterable x to stdout .
decrease the saturation channel of a color by some percent .
build resources for advanced services .
context manager that creates a temporary directory and set it as cwd .
parse and validate an incoming domain attribute value .
clean out apps signed for reviewers .
mutation that pops or add an element .
return true if the specified time has passed , false otherwise .
return a template object containing the given resource definitions .
perform a locally linear embedding analysis on the data .
remove a resource record .
get disk usage in bytes for directory
get the profile base file name .
returns polygon for a photoplotter moving stroke using a circular aperture with x , y , radius , resolution and fill density as a polygon object
test rendering - * . fif files for mne report .
given a gym name , assumes a matching model params python module exists within the model _ params directory and attempts to import it .
read pillar data from foreman via its api .
give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data .
returns python objects for the given json string .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones
resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking .
check if ghp - import is installed .
setup discovered wemo switches .
gets metric by name from qiime . beta _ metrics
returns a dictionary of parameter names and values that define the system of ordinary differential equations in eq .
stop the geonode django application
uses the command - line flags to set the logging level .
convert the javascript source js into something resembling c for xgettext .
give you the last 100 messages on your public streams , so you have something to look at in your home view once you finish the tutorial .
determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets .
print list of files in the " theano . config . base _ compiledir "
extract pillar from an hg repository
checks a query is a valid query string .
check the source list and return the source to use
max pooling 2d .
provides nictagadm on smartos
this function returns a list of nodes available on this cloud provider , using the following fields : id image size state private _ ips public _ ips
wrap running python script in a subprocess .
check the status of the file .
get arguments from text
break billing / usage information for a cluster down by job .
returns the configuration directory , which contains syslog - ng . conf .
look through the systems path looking for the specified executable
test plotting evoked field .
set the context of a given exception .
returns policy attached to a lambda function .
get loops flipped over the dialogonal , in other words with the x and y swapped .
returns what type of virtual hardware is under the hood , kvm or physical
check if mobius transforms define disjoint intervals .
returns a specific object of a model class given its identifier .
computes the categorical cross - entropy between predictions and targets .
return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name
solves an nth order linear differential equation with constant coefficients using the method of undetermined coefficients .
do we have a logged in user
get assigned to
show an item
helper function to create an array of pairs of x and y .
all values in sequence are distinct > > > isdistinct
gets a number , and returns it as a string , using formats defined as arguments : decimal _ sep : decimal separator symbol decimal _ pos : number of decimal positions grouping : number of digits in every group limited by thousand separator thousand _ sep : thousand separator symbol
find and return z - wave covers .
an api to provide auto - complete data for user names .
returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
perform setup for the osx application bundle .
get all snapshots belonging to a host .
return a list of files from the salt fileserver saltenv : base
return full public url to the api endpoint .
return a dictionary of scheme - > proxy server url mappings .
given a bucket name , check to see if the given bucket exists .
create a sort from a list of sort criteria .
get the configured lxc root for containers . .
helper method for present .
get the organization preferences .
write a skeinisoed gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate skeiniso is selected .
download the file at url to target using powershell .
used internally by image _ property _ create and image _ property _ update
swap system memory as a tuple .
serializes the token data as a string for storage in a datastore .
routes incoming url
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
generic setattr ( ) for @ jitclass instances .
create an output handler which turns journalds export format back into
helper function to render a template .
grab an icon from the current theme with a fallback
init and update any submodules
factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array .
rastrigin test objective function .
chop a sequence into chunks of the given size .
check that pickling and copying round - trips .
returns port mapping information for a given container .
get a tensor name with its parent tensors name as prefix .
generate the full path for an instances disk .
function that can be used as copytree ( ) ignore parameter .
every time a new article revision is created , we update all active plugins to match this article revision
do the inverse of the conversion done by split _ header _ words .
converts a uri string and a collection of parameters into a uri .
update style library with user - defined rc files
set the hold state .
build the additional specs in three groups
get the path to astropy . wcss c header files .
return the half - axis on which point is located .
prepare master to ssh to slaves by copying the emr private key to the master node .
return dtype and n / a values to use when concatenating specified units .
check if boto library supports encryption of ebs volumes
turn a list of datasets into a map from their ids to the datasets .
construct a polynomial with n - th powers of roots of f .
like describe _ token but for token expressions .
equivalent of makedir - p .
set up an selinux boolean name
run a function and retry it while getting eintr errors
restful crud controller for the email inbox - all inbound email messages are visible here
decode a bson binary to bson . binary . binary or python uuid .
try to find and execute a hook from the specified project directory .
remove an authorized key from the specified users authorized key file , using a file as source
delete data from system _ info table
standardized multivariate normal cumulative distribution function
formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
public interface to the flat page view .
validate the specified tsig rdata against the other input parameters .
add a craft plugin menu .
finds the period of a video based on frames correlation
first part of the chinese remainder theorem .
helper function that converts string function names to function calls
list projects in _ default _ app _ dir .
run a backtest for the given algorithm .
stmt : simple _ stmt
return a dict of files in various states of being
return the model object with the passed object _ id .
returns the given value as a python byte string .
perform a re . sub returning a string
catch errors of rabbitmq then reconnect
parses the lang _ string , which is the body of an http accept - language header , and returns a list of lang , ordered by q values .
issue the appropriate drop database statement .
return public ip , private ip , or hostname for the libcloud node object
returns the data found in the cell of the datatable
only work on posix - like systems , which have parted and lsblk installed .
throw an error with the given message and immediately quit .
get a rendered template as a string iterator .
produce a symbolic disassembly of a pickle .
img = imread
generates an s given a form
add user to default groups .
return the low median of numeric data .
return a user object , looking up by email if username _ or _ email contains a @ , otherwise by username .
folder add to preselected folder
check what environment this is running in .
accepts a uuid and optional skip _ trash parameter skip _ trash = false , flags a document as trashed skip _ trash = true , deletes it permanently along with any history dependencies
returns the mixing expansion between two node sets .
calculates the value of the jacobi symbol
return a random value chosen from the zipf distribution .
helper to unpack mat files in python .
works like a regular open ( ) but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed .
return a groups activity stream as html .
helper function to retry a given function a number of times .
cie - lab to cie - lch color space conversion .
get fully qualified domain name
ensure a record does not exists name
format metrics for the carbon plaintext protocol
returns the root article , or creates it if it doesnt exist .
parameterize a multivariate quadratic function along a line .
load an empty vfolder . json file
returns a string describing a form based on the model
extract the package name from a given meta . yaml file .
link to a code license , including icon where applicable .
play all tracks in model .
delete a cloudwatch alarm
generate and return sha1 and sha256 as a tupel .
pulls out the transaction id of the packet
marks the host of a given url as unresponsive
find a child node by tag ; pass its text through a constructor .
decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource .
checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation
re - raise current exception as a new exception .
unregister a mimetypehandler class .
creates a new environment in home _ dir .
a post - hook for the base class
this only works on linux , and only if the / proc / $ pid / statm output is the same as that in linux kernel 2 . 6 .
decrypts a cypher with the private key key
convert a twisted address as returned from self . transport . getpeer ( ) to a string .
get the info about object
builds the dummy vm create spec .
remove special directories which are created during the tests .
simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler , but for python 2 only .
convert timedelta to human - readable time .
field : field _ id field _ req field _ type identifier | field _ id field _ req field _ type identifier = const _ value
check if string can be coerced to int
calculates contraction of fermionic operators a and b .
finds and reads the next non - whitespace character .
builder for rebulk object .
a keyword which uses embedded args
sorts choices alphabetically .
this creates a new player .
image members resource factory method .
include the appropriate msvc runtime library if python was built with msvc 7 . 0 or later .
optimized version of the xl _ rowcol _ to _ cell function .
get segment path .
find files in roots with ignores , generated _ resources handling etc .
test pip wheel builds an editable package
compute mixed - action nash equilibria with equal support size for a 2 - player normal form game by support enumeration .
correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space .
find approximate inverse using binary search
converts the given filenames to a tfrecord dataset .
return cpu frequency .
iterates over the names of all modules that can be found in the given package , recursively .
get a list of mappings representing all containers all return all containers , default is true trunc set it to true to have the short id , default is false host include the docker hosts ipv4 and ipv6 address in return , default is false inspect
return a formatted traceback with all the stack from this frame up removed
calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret .
we use this unusual logging approach to log the bugdown error , in order to prevent adminzuliphandler from sending the santized original markdown formatting into another zulip message , which could cause an infinite exception loop .
return true if the referring url is the same domain as the current request
generate test module paths in the given dir .
creates type - specific entity _ pb . propertyvalues .
takes an unquoted string and quotes it .
train a wider student model based on teacher _ model , with either random - pad or net2wider
cut a list by index or arg
create the trees
generates a " persistentjobguid " value .
returns a list of theano shared variables or expressions that parameterize the layer .
get an image or raise if it does not exist .
install a wheel
build a list of completed items for the series including just the questions in the list passed in
create a crl
remove all tests from autotest _ web - very destructive
return the cell type , api , compute , or none .
makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . environ .
create a new vocabulary tag .
submits an import command to the specified handler using specified options .
return the node _ info , vm _ info and freemem
return full path to the user - specific config dir for this application .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , by telling a joke .
create a new container as a clone of another container name
get the bracket evaluators .
returns the first item in the list for which match is true .
check if the required youtube urls are available .
generate a single reflog line .
higher - order function to test presence of a given label
reduce the width of original _ size by padding
checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache , and returns the match .
create a namespace or raise if it already exists .
return the distribution name with version .
return the domain part of a url .
returns the user and group that the disk images should be owned by
returns the difference between two points of time in a game in terms of plays and player statistics .
write the fonts features to an external file .
generate expected moving windows on a buffer with adjustments .
return the metadata of a resource _ view .
convert image to other format .
displays currently executed context name
compute an meg forward solution for a set of magnetic dipoles .
get known module dependencies .
return the managed file data for file . managed name location where the file lives on the server template template format source managed source file source _ hash hash of the source file source _ hash _ name
create a list of managed nodes from a list of node addresses or address pairs .
validate if a string is valid utf - 8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
a reusable temp folder which we clean out on each program invocation .
converts a string argument to a unicode string .
parse the syslog from the hadoop jar command .
verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
return the largest factor of a relatively prime to b .
helper which outputs content of the file at heavydebug loglevels
makes the active translation object a nulltranslations ( ) instance .
check if a path exists , and is a directory .
extract a snapshot from a disk image .
it does comparison between two expressions .
this function tries to compute the image shape of convolution gradweights .
take the various lat / lng representations and return a tuple .
indent all lines in the given string str : input string indentlevels : number of levels of indentation to apply indentfirstline : if false , the 1st line will not be indented
decimate raw data in chpi - fitting compatible way .
iteratively yield * objects * as they are ready , until all are ready or * timeout * expired .
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
create a backup object .
return a relative version of a path
print the csv headers
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
draws a network diagram to a file
verify we can construct fileobjects w / the close kw arg
decorate a function as implementing typing for the callable * func * .
enforces the priority of a local variable over potentially conflicting argument ( s ) from a kwargs dict .
return product of sequence of numbers .
checks all files in the directory tree with the file _ check function provided , skipping files that contain any of the strings in the set provided by exclusions .
given an object or a path to an object , get the object and its name .
determine if a service is already registered based on matching url
returns whether or not the given path is a socket file .
send email on publishing event
choose the integer result type for an operation on integer inputs , according to the integer typing nbep .
times metric calculations for a number of inputs
expr : lparen expr rparen
synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal model tfreq , tmag , tphase : frequencies , magnitudes and phases of sinusoids
get a thought .
long - running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run .
lookup the parent organisations of a branch organisation
does exp contain a reduced node .
helper function for tricomi initial guesses
unset quota to glusterfs volume .
perform a test that the probability of success is p .
expect a list of numbers
try to get rid of symbolic coefficients from poly .
show a list of ports and ask the user for a choice .
used for testing
return the contents of the file like objects as string , performing decompression if necessary .
returns a list of user roles scoped to a project or domain .
returns the ground distance in metres between two locationglobal objects .
list installed perl modules , and the version installed
view function for show all saved queries .
sync queue modules from salt : / / _ queues to the master saltenv : base
builds the recursive traversal spec to traverse the object managed object hierarchy .
adjust the first and last dates in the requested datetime index based on the provided query time and tz .
decorator that activates manual transaction control .
create a single vm from a data dict
rothsteins special polynomial differential equation algorithm .
downloads dailymotion videos by url .
document what this certbots user agent string will be like .
reserve some hosts .
safe form of repr , void of unicode errors .
compute field for spherical model using jukka sarvas field computation .
given a list of tuple of user _ id / user _ email , email bunch of people .
used mostly by the to _ string function on graph objects to pretty print .
add an integral * offset * to pointer * ptr * , and return a pointer of * return _ type * .
returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
parses the lang _ string , which is the body of an http accept - language header , and returns a list of , ordered by q values .
return the passed object unmodified .
returns the seguid for a sequence .
splits s on all of the three newline sequences : " " , " " , or "
incrementally write out a string representation of c { root } using c { write } .
copy a channel .
two - level hierarchical softmax .
construct spatial object of given length .
perform static object analysis on a python file in the project
returns true if address belongs to global multicast address space .
decorates a function to handle restful http queries for resources .
parse key = value lines from mongodb - databases output
execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it .
displays collection widgets
returns a list of desired metadata from a song .
extract information from step stderr ( see
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
one - dimensional helper for elastic net .
checks if vtk is installed and the python wrapper is functional
mount virtualbox guest additions cd to the temp directory .
class decorator to log qt events .
compile a string to regex , i and unicode .
get " name " from a package with a workaround when its not defined .
convert a range encoding in a string to a set .
simple ua test whether client is a mobile device
parse stats response from mesos slave
update request status
return the series and the episode titles ; if this is not a series episode , the returned series title is empty .
get the data for name .
run on testing package .
model factory for the transitive closure extension .
compute gaussian log - density at x for a tied model .
marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
convert address to its string representation
convert the given files , and return the paths to the converted files .
convert rgb to hex triplet
returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file .
this snippet saves a snippet once edited .
apply func to sub - - elements of an object , including : class : add .
tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified
filters a list of 3 . 0 rpms and return the corresponding 3 . 1 rpms names with proper version
convert python value to ovs - vsctl value argument
builds the datastore search spec .
return the revision ( s ) for a given milestone .
build a file path from paths and return the contents .
delete a resource .
create a doc with given content and parse given markup .
searches for documents in an index .
sets the datastore connection local to the thread .
recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern
uses the exec _ method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is and returns a string with windows or linux or raises a baseframeworkexception if unknown .
formats search match
find outliers based on iterated z - scoring .
display contents of a fstab ( 5 ) file defined in specified jails configuration .
gets entities from a table .
adds the " x - object - type " and " x - object - id " headers to the given
returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values : > 0 . 0 = > relatively few values are higher than mean , < 0 . 0 = > relatively few values are lower than mean , = 0 . 0 = > evenly distributed on both sides of the mean .
create random matrix with dimensions r x c .
update an already existing completion .
fixes metadata of an attribute .
only load if the locale module is available in _ _ salt _ _
return a list of available stack profile
return imagej image decription from data shape as byte string .
estimate if subjects beginning with prefix might match path _ regex .
delete an index
create a quota for the given project and resource .
return cpu statistics .
remove duplicate index from block _ device _ mapping table .
show time series on topo split across multiple axes .
only load if boto is available .
run a pyplot script and save the low and high res pngs and a pdf in _ static
returns case insensitive regex .
print out data base info / metadata based on its type
add resolved contacts as followers of an existing viewpoint .
return file name .
get the arc path . rx ry x - axis - rotation large - arc - flag sweep - flag
apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
expect a set of tuples
test that get _ user ( ) function works even if the current processs user id does not correspond to a valid user ( e . g . running pytest in a
take results of a window - based classification and assess / plot them on the sequence
template settings : skeleton designed to be copied to quickly create custom templates
return a cipher object pkcs1oaep _ cipher that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 oaep encryption or decryption .
input is in combined log format plus musec , vhost , responsebytes
construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given .
create a dict of name to a function that returns an estimated size for a given target .
generate fingerprints from message headers which identifies the mua .
apply a hint that the variable v is positive semi - definite , i . e .
return output of modprobe mod : module string
set a one - one field in the non - books table , like comments
outputs the first variable passed that is not false , without escaping .
write a set of results to a csv file .
schedule the execution of a coroutine that awaits / yields from l { deferred } s , wrapping it in a l { deferred } that will fire on success / failure of the coroutine .
compute the interface id in modified eui - 64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input .
initializes the thin plate spline calculation by creating the source point array and the inverted l matrix used for calculating the transformations as in ref [ 2 ] _
constructs and returns the manager entry point flow .
return an int representing the number of unallocated cpus on this hypervisor
get equated paths .
trims id from json
transfer the closest remaining fill loop .
get the repository constructor .
import content from fpath and puts it into a python module .
returns a datastructure based on the result of the api call
this function takes a domain name as a parameter and then creates a certificate and key with the domain name , finally signing the certificate using specified ca and returns the path of key and cert files .
utility function to handle allocation of an implicit output array given the target context , builder , output array type , and a list of _ arrayhelper instances .
find the given httpheader instance
increment the float value of a hash field by the given number .
define java _ fat _ library target .
pick channels from forward operator .
execute queries against mysql , merge and return as a dict
determine the number disks supported .
registers an output converter to the list of global output converters .
filter to convert given timestamp to utc date / time .
explicitly release an interface .
inform all validators that have implemented a password _ changed ( ) method that the password has been changed .
adds the current user as follower of the given user .
generates a textual report on the differences between .
parse amino acid sequence distance results .
given a context in list format and the vocabulary ,
set copyright and credits in builtins
returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string
sorts tables in constraint order , least constrained tables first .
render all registered child actions .
returns either the promo img url for a given .
sanity check for compatibility with python 2 . 6 / 2 . 7
imports an object by string in dotted notation .
start the server ( s ) .
wrapper for commands to be run against windows boxes
this will check the sessions address against the _ latest _ logins dictionary to check they havent spammed too many fails recently .
convert a size in bytes into megabytes
does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
byte - compile a collection of python source files to either . pyc or . pyo files in the same directory .
an implementation of nibabel . freesurfer . io . _ serialize _ volume _ info , since old versions of nibabel dont have it .
update metadata if it exists , otherwise create it .
the main function .
send some poetry slowly down the socket .
used as a convenience decorator to be able to declare tasks for a taskset inline in the class .
compute hilbert transform of signals w / zero padding .
test actionerror ( s ) raised by screenshot . _ parse _ command ( ) function .
decorator that catches / ignores exceptions and prints a stack trace .
parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
returns the condensation of g .
compute kitchen and rosenfeld corner measure response image .
returns true if g consists of a single attracting component .
parse a salt : / / url ; return the path and a possible saltenv query .
extract common content from a pair of polynomials in k [ x ] .
ensures a hosts ntp server configuration such as setting ntp servers , ensuring the
disable the rdp service
the async version of @ ndb . transaction .
filters the activity _ type _ id based on the sector _ id
expected inclusion _ two _ params _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
returns the redirect response for login / signup .
compute the beta - divergence of x and dot .
generic object - creation function .
add the api - version header to all responses
removes everything after the last star character in a type string , except for void * and char * .
returns 1 if two parafrags map out the same
attaches the supplied content _ type to a hug formatting function
replace tabs with spaces in given string , preserving quoted substrings
downloads the files associated with a particular app version .
returns a new theano vector .
get the alteration file line and the text lines from the filename in the alterations directories .
take ctrl + c into account .
like getattr but return default upon any exception .
undo the effect of a cl
previews the e - mail message that would be sent for a reply to a review of a review request .
attempts to select true barcodes from set of barcodes
sends an event to all assigned event listeners .
calculate and save the aoa contributor counts .
pickle a value
set current software audio volume .
shallow copy and merge dicts together , giving precedence to last in .
print a list of all installed sdks and a breakdown of the symbols contained within .
classify a set of observations into k clusters using the k - means algorithm .
return the file modification time as a long .
do some replacements on the text
returns all rows from a cursor as a dict
allows a user to stop blocking another user .
merge the data from dict2 into the dict1 dictionary , making copies of nested dictionaries .
render a symbol specification to qimage .
get the repository constructor .
generates the minimum timeuuid for a given timestamp , as compared by cassandra .
this is a script to dequeue and send emails .
get current timezone
a generator for all combinations of test inputs .
check if a material theme resource .
works like does _ tree _ import but adds an import statement if it was not imported .
asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
get the general magnes3600wh to neuromag coordinate transform .
create fake target for xcode - ninja wrapper .
set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any .
log all signals of an object or class .
matrix sign function .
adds message to the logs buffer , and checks for autoflush .
build an absolute path from * parts * and and return the contents of the resulting file .
this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations .
load le64 windows timestamp
release media library object .
scan through the list of element identifiers supplied by the api consumer and verify the structure is valid .
create the admins group .
takes article or related to article model .
a function for resolving parameters or resource references .
return a list of all the available sizes in this vmware environment .
accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter .
wrap object into supporting the mapping interface if necessary .
step 1 : download training and testing data .
check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster .
return node memory
returns a markdown representation of the journal
retrieves the total score for an object and the number of votes its received and stores them in a context variable which has score and num _ votes properties .
creates a new context to connect to a remote cloud datastore instance .
return discrete colors from a matplotlib palette .
verify if gentoo _ mirrors variable contains a value in make . conf
return the adapter type to be used in vmdk descriptor .
adds a nexusport binding
writes out the model to disk .
warn if dependencies arent met .
cross - platform version of os . path . normpath
sets the image as persistent or not persistent .
test for the reportlab distribution with modified options .
convert value for display purpose
indicate a column - based mapped attribute that by default will not load unless accessed .
test if the database has an unaccent function .
print a message about internal inspect errors .
look for a # ! line , and return the value following the # ! if one exists , or
takes a local , os - specific path or filename and transforms it into an url starting with file : / / .
applies configuration changes on the device .
return color name depending on value type
handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree
copy the files from src to the target nodesettings
tests whether a dataset has normal kurtosis
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop .
ensure an instance cell can fit onto a host cell
parses the full ace file in list of contigs .
incrementally iterate hash fields and associated values .
create a bond script in / etc / modprobe . d with the passed settings and load the bonding kernel module .
closes the logger handler for the file , so we can remove the file after a test .
reterns the meta links for a paginated query .
detaches a volume .
use the nl api to analyze the given text string , and returns the response from the api .
test i / o from and to * . annot files
return a link extractor instance from specs .
find a simple representation for a number or , if there are free symbols or if rational = true , then replace floats with their rational equivalents .
deletes a list of artifacts from the data store .
split result into seperate episodes
convert two strings such as " lcom / mwr / example / sieve / addentryactivity ; " and " oncreate " into a string " class _ lcom _ example _ sieve _ addentryactivity . method _ oncreate " so we can access d . class _ lcom _ example _ sieve _ addentryactivity . method _ oncreate . xreffrom
looks up resource _ data by resource _ id and key .
check that mysql is running
converts multipart form data into native python objects
get the service names running state for a given host or list of hosts .
returns a windows handle to the specified directory path .
return a list , even if indices is a single value
recursively move a file or directory to another location .
encode unicodes for process arguments on windows .
verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list
use snmp to detect configuration changes .
check channel names .
check the kwargs for either fromrepo or repo and return the value .
git - specific installation logic for versioneer .
disable storage so removing tmpdir will work .
returns a wsgi - compatible function from a webpy - function .
log in as a learner specified by the optional arguments , or create such a user and log in if it doesnt exist .
dry helper used to emit an info - level log message .
return true if using systemd
plots day summary
add a role and zero or more annotations to a variable .
given a sequence of polynomials poly _ seq , it returns the sequence of signs of the leading coefficients of the polynomials in poly _ seq .
generate a mostly low rank matrix with bell - shaped singular values
logs an error if no copyright message appears at the top of the file .
skill provisions controller
search for a query
try to find a connected photometer / photospectrometer !
diagnostic suite for isolating common problems .
transforms an http method into a valid python identifier .
get difference loops .
user has requested course creation access .
solves any kind of partial differential equation .
restful crud controller
return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type .
update a task object
return an unstarted https server and the port it will use .
return true if the ticket cache contains " conf " information as is found in ticket caches of kerboers 1 . 8 . 1 or later .
statement : expression
return the sum of samples for a meter .
wed rather not be on the dispersy thread , but if we are lets continue and hope for the best .
helper for djangos reverse in templates .
locate distribution dist _ spec and run its script _ name script
fill up the include _ state with new includes found from the file .
returns true if * obj * can be hashed
make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter .
creates a performance counter which tracks the accumulation of a value since the previous sample of the counter , thus providing a delta of the underlying value of the counter .
get the cascade float .
check if line contains a redundant " virtual " function - specifier .
utility method to default to normal state rules in serialization .
returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in a and b .
return access _ key of your app
create a new child zone entry .
accepts position of arbitrary precision and returns the block containing that position .
send an http request via the given http , performing error / retry handling .
run a flocker - ca command and return the output along with an indicator as to whether or not the command succeeded .
validates every node and link in the workflow .
transform np creation function into blocked version
change logging directory for application and webserver
parse a content - type like header .
perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
generates a string representing a keys path .
controller to handle uploads to ckeditor
simple utility function to print results of a search query .
used to split js args .
normalize facecolor values by vmin / vmax and return rgb - color strings
make profiler output more readable by adding _ _ init _ _ modules parents
computes zero crossing rate of frame
add a user to the minion
downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . first _ traded
converts a datetime to a string representation .
returns tuple of tab navigation for the queue pages .
check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
get the stroke value string .
construct an index array that , when applied to an array of values , produces a 2d array containing the values associated with the next event for each sid at each moment in time .
send notification to inform observers about the affected resource .
persistent dictionary usage to retrieve the search indexes
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
euclidean polynomial remainder sequence in k [ x ] .
counts the number of newlines at the end of a string .
create a metadef tag
ensure that a pagerduty escalation policy exists .
generate nodes in strongly connected components of graph .
returns true if vim has only one tab opened
treebeards path comparison logic can fail on certain locales such as sk _ sk , which sort numbers after letters .
parse the values in query _ kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings .
retrieve actual value of string without quotes .
return a batch of result by given data .
return an md5 hash that uniquely identifies a module .
default manager of serviceprovider is polymorphic and translatable .
split the address into local part and domain , properly encoded .
updates a chunk of velocities in the voltage to velocity table .
recursively handles field values that require data - aware serialization .
put dummy data into all four files of this renewablecert .
grab the opts dict of the master config by trying to import salt
create duplication matrix d _ n which satisfies vec ( s ) = d _ n vech ( s ) for symmetric matrix s
tokenization / string cleaning for a datasets .
encode a string using a url - safe base64 alphabet .
returns a string with the current protocol .
recursive collect dirs and files in path _ list directory .
generates hermite polynomial of degree n in x .
removes feedback message references associated with a feedback thread .
ipxe isos are a mechanism to allow the customer to roll their own image .
returns true if obj is a descriptor , false otherwise .
computes the percentage of overlap between vectors x1 and x2 .
colorize text if colored output is enabled .
detach a managed policy to a role .
get a splunk user by name / email
create cassandra keyspace and initial tables .
returns last day of the month using : get _ first _ day + datetime . timedelta
return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5 - point finite difference stencil on a square n - by - n grid .
ensure volume is absent on the system name : string name of volume force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . . warning :
returns a set of values based on a metadata key for a specific host .
add a representer for the given type .
returns true if f and g are hyper - similar .
returns the current line number in our program .
perform a rr operation .
true if the module , package , or c extension described by the passed requirements string both exists and satisfies these requirements .
given a list of dask vals , return a single graph and a list of keys such that get is equivalent to [ v . compute ( ) v in vals ] .
returns true if some directed graph can realize the in - and out - degree sequences .
parse patch file .
specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity .
makes the active translation object a nulltranslations ( ) instance .
wrap arguments with action , optionally decorate the result
retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore .
update or create a dict of int counters , for statsdictfields .
test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested .
return the next available jt instance and cache its name .
updates packages list .
get _ _ init _ _ file path for module directory
creates group types .
parse dates in the format returned by the github api .
print out a representation of the changes that will be made if an albums tags are changed according to match , which must be an albummatch object .
removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used
returns the order n if g is homogeneous and none if it is not homogeneous .
encode a piece of binary data into pem format .
get a set of evenly spaced colors in husl hue space .
coerce input arguments to use temporary files when used for output .
number of due follow - ups
perform cone search and returns the result of the first successful query .
plot matched features .
updates a method description in a discovery document .
draw a round corner
run the mpl display sequence by printing the most recent figure to console
return a fully configured dnf base object .
get a list of tags for a specific image .
determine action to invoke .
this function takes an inputsource and an optional base url and returns a fully resolved inputsource object ready for reading .
adds information to request token to allow it to become an access token .
determine the last piece of information known on each date in the date index for each group .
return true if repair request found , remove afterwards
utility to compare a generic 2 . 1 / 2 . 2 + iterator with an iterable
convert png images to gif as the idiotic kindle cannot display some png
set the host and the scheduled _ at field of a consistencygroup .
cached images resource factory method
determine if the point is inside the loops zone and and away from the other points .
turn a match in the form = ab to the ascii character with value 0xab
set the stubs in mapping in the db api .
return a signature scheme object pss _ sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 pss signature or verification .
fixture that creates a config file called config in the users home directory , with yaml from user _ config _ data .
a decorator which wraps historyaccessor method calls to catch errors from a corrupt sqlite database , move the old database out of the way , and create a new one .
perform an mx record lookup .
cast decimal values to float
get the repository constructor .
create action to run a gui based python script
inspects privileges to see if those are coming from an admin user
asset add batch function
strips out default values for the given host string .
the default : term : locale negotiator .
comb a gcode linear move text .
create a new figure manager instance
return a key suitable for sorting between networks and addresses .
compatibility wrapper for line _ search _ armijo
the product picker page .
forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
return a list of minions
given a pil . image object , get a resized copy with each side being side _ length pixels long .
get a list of all directories on the master
a nice interface to os . walk
take zone and return multi regional bee file , from ~ / . bees to ~ / . bees . $ { region }
create a stream with name stream _ name and initial number of shards num _ shards .
returns a new client glance client object based on common kwargs .
returns a list of added or modified fields .
return true if the minion matches the given data target
returns a list of python source files is target _ dir
shift path fragments from path _ info to script _ name and vice versa .
get the default value for create _ rpc ( ) s deadline parameter .
this is a set of commands to ease the creation and maintenance of your flask - appbuilder applications .
get the kapacitor version .
wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl , ensuring that
convert camel case to a " pythonic " name .
convert a version string to a chronologically - sortable key
retrieve the current time .
update the local ca bundle file from a url . .
transition from varchar id to integer id .
different sentence positions indicate different probability of being an important sentence .
print the label tag for a form field , including the help _ text value as a title attribute .
implements emsa - pss - encode ( ) function described in sect .
extracts the assigned strings from an assignment that looks as follows : : > > > sys . path [ 0 : 0 ] = [ module / path , another / module / path ]
converts to simple datatypes from sql query results
construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest
create a header from a sequence of pairs as returned by decode _ header ( ) decode _ header ( ) takes a header value string and returns a sequence of pairs of the format where charset is the string name of the character set .
return a dict matching keys in dsk2 to equivalent keys in dsk1 .
connect to a walrus service .
quote a header value if necessary .
import and return bar given the string foo . bar .
tests whether the skew is different from the normal distribution .
send create database .
returns an instance of the appropriate helper class to handle the argument .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ inflate .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for messages
return safari _ extensions information from osquery
test helper context manager that mocks the flask request global i didnt need the whole request context just to test the functions in helpers and i wanted to be able to set the raw wsgi environment
find the path to an ipython module in this version of ipython .
return the result of a randomly - chosen suggest function
get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with
return - cosh / sinh pseudo - derivative of a periodic sequence .
restful crud controller for inbound email channels - appears in the administration menu
update ports with port selfupdate
this is called only when server starts back up after a reload .
return information for vms search : string filter vms , see the execution module .
listens to the initializing signal and tells other modules to connect their signals .
load text files with categories as subfolder names .
grant the requested privilege ( s ) on the specified object to a role name
generate the url for cloning a repository given a tuple of toolshed , name , owner , changeset _ revision .
set the derivation topoverbottom by the angle of the elementnode , the endz , float radius and startz .
represent a gate with controls , targets and target _ matrix .
helper function for processing random _ state arguments .
internal helper function to compute the log of the useful quotient . .
initializes a sample settings file for new installations .
create a bias variable with the specified name and shape and initialize it to zero .
returns a securely generated random string .
get equated paths .
create some shares to play with on current machine .
pads the 2nd and 3rd dimensions of a 4d tensor with " padding [ 0 ] " and " padding [ 1 ] " zeros left and right .
raise an exception if attribute name is a reserved word .
show idle - format warning after replacing warnings . showwarning .
given a course _ id and comment _ id , vote for this response .
oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application , cached .
build loss function and gradients based on the score function estimator .
mangle identifier with numba type objects
return a bool , using git config - - bool .
helper function for _ qsympify _ sequence
returns filtered results followed by excluded results below .
get the top of the paths .
return the index of packages available on the channels
display the low data from a specific sls .
gather core requirements out of setup . py .
creates the ast node for an empty list .
list all available profiles default _ only : boolean return only default profile
replace the sort sting elements by real values .
add group type access for project .
extracts the filters from the request string
run all tests
check the list of enabled compute scheduler filters from config .
list installed postgresql extensions
builds set of message type names .
return the python _ egg _ cache environment variable or a platform - relevant user cache dir for an app named " python - eggs " .
given a compilation result , argument types , and a return type , build a valid numba signature after validating that it doesnt violate the constraints for the compilation mode .
this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es .
sets the configurations name .
initialize logging to a specified observer .
returns true if filename is a syncfile , indicating filesystem may be in flux
this factory returns an instance of the storage class provided .
convert a string to a number .
routes api requests to the appropriate action method and returns json .
get default google storage bucket name for the app .
detect if the g + + version used is the llvm one or not .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
sort key to sort the dictionaries containing ids roughly by time .
execute rac commands
list all available package upgrades .
takes in a dictionary of info about a long - running job ( see
return process _ open _ sockets information from osquery
wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established .
creates a requests . response object for testing
return a mask of n bits as a long integer .
determine if the current process is started by init .
apply a filter to a sound by using the stft x : input sound , w : analysis window , n : fft size , h : hop size filter : magnitude response of filter with frequency - magnitude pairs returns y : output sound
remove tags from a file .
creates a random tensor t0 with shape input _ shape and compute t1 = first _ function _ name t2 = second _ function _ name with both theano and tensorflow backends and ensures the answers match .
convert list * obj * to a native list .
given an unsorted list with errors and skips , return a nested one .
return the factory to be used when instantiating a log record .
sets the specified version of the specified policy as the policys default version .
find the differences between the contents of two trees .
convert a git tree path to a file system path .
return the key api hook
returns all chars till a non - escaped char is found .
loads data out of the kasvs key exchange vector data
returns true if ssh works properly for the passed in parameters .
lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series .
enable the sandbox based on the configuration .
require the curl command - line tool .
stop playing media list .
returns the recursive list of target dependencies .
attaches given usage plan to each of the apis provided in a list of apiid and stage values . .
builds the datastore search spec .
takes a string that contains * valid * html and turns it into a python object structure that can be easily compared against other html on semantic equivilance .
create a technical server error response .
n - dimensional real unitary fourier transform .
read pam header .
translate a modular - odm q or querygroup to a django query .
get a repository _ review from the database via id .
delete the generated tarball and revision file .
send raw ipmi command
generate a fat jar containing the contents of all the jar dependencies .
returns a string representing a numpy array of 0s and 1s
trims the data by masking values from one tail .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
check whether a short number is a possible number .
determine if the tetragrid is the identity tetragrid .
internal func for applying a service .
sort a list of app , modellist pairs into a single list of models .
update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
returns a cluster containing k items .
computes the capped binomial deviance .
create a new role .
create an opener object from a list of handlers .
copy length bytes from fileobj src to fileobj dst .
converts a function into a decorator that optionally accepts keyword arguments in its declaration .
returns the quotechar , word of any unfinished word at the end of line .
format suitable for memoryview
returns a matrix of zeros with r rows and c columns ; if c is omitted a square matrix will be returned .
flattens the matrix x into a vector in column - major order .
return data reformatted to specified width with comment header .
return all contents of dumpe2fs for a specified device
delete an eauth token by name
write the string table xml .
return the raw http representation of the given request .
deletes all cache for url
calculate the elementwise log - posterior for the sampled trace .
ensure the lvs real server in specified service is absent .
construct a transformation matrix to the mne head coordinate system .
class method decorator to make sure two threads do not execute some code at the same time .
write image data to tiff file .
js has to be a javascript source code .
fetches all externalpackages into dest _ dir .
instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object
return a cipher object pkcs1oaep _ cipher that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 oaep encryption or decryption .
get the values for object attrs and return as a dict .
sharedvariable constructor for tensortype .
memoize to avoid rebuilding of the gradient tree .
extracts the path info from the given url and path .
get the craft plugins directory path .
returns true whether techniques using inference technique are available
convert a format 2 workflow into standard galaxy format from supplied dictionary .
generates the token substitutions related to the predicted field and the supplemental arguments for prediction
get a list of deletions needed across tables for deleting an entity .
helper for setting radio button .
stops a vm by shutting it down nicely .
supports the command - line arguments listed below .
get arguments from object doc
computes the formula for formal power series of a function .
determine if this identifier is an xri or uri .
if we have bytes , decode them to unicode
opens a new database connection if there is none yet for the current application context .
signs the message with the private key .
standard ajax response returning the content hierarchy of the current thread .
updates the prices and price currency objects based on the tiers .
input is the json representation of : { stream : " content content " }
dont do anything , for replacing prerequisite tasks we want to skip .
command and option completion for the main option parser and its subcommands .
returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given
demonstrates usage of oauth authentication mode .
walk tree to get list of branches
only load the module if apache is installed
setup the sleepiq sensors .
turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files .
write events to file .
retrieves a representation of the parent object .
assign and persist a simple sysctl parameter for this minion .
returns the effective username of the current process .
create composite image by blending images using a transparency mask .
return the overriding config value for a key .
check to see that the given value is a valid simple registration data field name .
requires the addon not be status _ disabled .
test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name
when a user is created , automatically create a contact of type person
asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
adds the show & tvdb id to the scene _ names table in cache . db .
returns the right class for a given bgp capability .
get all registered objects in all registries as a string .
configures rpm / sla probes on the device .
returns a flattened array .
return the partitions of n items into k parts .
get the repository constructor .
returns a group form page .
return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
renders the most common opcode pairs to a string in order of descending frequency .
decorator equivalent of fabric . context _ managers . settings .
gets raw results back from wrapped results .
return a list with $ bits items , one for each enabled bit
executes testdoc programmatically .
rolls an array of matrices along an axis according to an array of indices roll _ indices * axis * can be either 0 or 1 .
get and print a the entire paginated feed of public products in the united
a decorator applied to protected web handlers .
builds a 2 - element tuple used to identify fields by grabbing the class _ and tag from an asn1value class and the params dict being passed to it
refreshes the cached inventory , retrieves data from the server .
register a listener function for the given target .
redo randomdisplacement in function form without the attribute stepsize to make sure still everything works ok
imports the staticfiles finder class described by import _ path , where import _ path is the full python path to the class .
computes the tied rank of elements in x .
get current crop filter geometry .
this method returns the name of the element which link points to .
return the number of hardware thread contexts in the system .
kaltofen - shoup : deterministic distinct degree factorization
formats an ordinal .
return a packages activity stream .
ensure we have benchmark data for symbol from first _ date to last _ date
build a kernel to compute a 64 bin histogram .
a helper function for inverse scaling and squaring for pade approximation .
change the default shell of the user
send versioned notification about the action made on the instance
stop and start scheduler
generate certificates for a user .
return a list of additional directories which should be searched for modules to be included as part of the named plugin package .
a view that is requested with get and accesses request . raw _ post _ data .
remove a user from the group .
function _ type : field _ type | void
call gce stop on the instance .
return a regular expression object instance .
generator version of pure _ nash _ brute .
creates an rpc object for use with the images api .
person rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
a decorator to check if interfaces are correctly implmented # todo : check if functions parameters are correct
list virtual networks
create a list of file ref objects to reconcile
if " value " is not none , then set the specified attribute of " dict " to its value .
return a list of groups the named user belongs to
run js tests with karma .
retrieves block device mapping from ami
delete a blob from blobstore .
find the periodic continued fraction expansion of a quadratic irrational .
return the sign of a coordinate .
return a kivy color from either a hex string or a list of 0 - 255 values .
make a button trigger an action
return a multivariate polynomial raised l - levels .
returns a human - readable key as a series of hex characters .
registers widget in dictionary .
get object info
robust estimation of a fundamental matrix f from point correspondences using ransac .
an iterator over the given futures that yields each as it completes .
a hypothesis strategy to generate an always unique name .
executes the section with the given bears .
display the help dialog .
return whether these two objects both refer to same cluster node ,
resource headers for component views
action detail view
constuct an object holding a date value .
a check that tests that a given value is a float , and optionally - that it is between bounds .
translate coordinates into an index , using the given coordinate system .
parse a response packet .
log of all the beta files that got signed .
retrieve raw version data from a url .
uninstall a p12 certificate file from the macos keychain name
read fiducials from a fiff file .
verifies a signed jwt id _ token .
returns a locationglobal object containing the latitude / longitude dnorth and deast metres from the specified original _ location .
takes a list or string and flattens it into a string with indentation .
applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments .
yield elements for all examples .
function adds key _ pairs type field .
write the custom metric obtained by get _ custom _ data _ point at a point in time .
return an iterable object containing all entries stored in the specified bank .
split on = gives me the right sections but deletes the b64 padding use modulo math to restore padding .
this function creates an lfsr sequence .
make new _ fn have old _ fns doc string .
convert a unicode object to a string .
tries to find a ca certs bundle in common locations
return a filter query string based on the selected parameters .
zoom an array .
renames an object .
generates a url
retrieve the config for a given communication
return the absolute version of a path
downloads the video file to disk
send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm
get a ceilometer service credentials auth session .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
flatten a dict , using name as a prefix for the keys of dict .
retrieve acknowledge section 9 . 3 . 21
if user is in a beta test group , adjust the start date by the appropriate number of days .
warnings and above to stderr , below to gmusicapi . log when possible .
year / month of the start date of the training event
gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
get the slug that a particular hostname resolves to .
show entire playlist .
wraps a function to prevent multiple threads from executing it in parallel due to llvm is not threadsafe .
get the ros _ master _ uri setting from the command - line args or environment , command - line args takes precedence .
applies a unique attribute code number for each tag element in order to be identified later in the process of apply annotation
sync desktop icons from app .
convert datetime into a human natural date string .
a wrapper around django . contrib . auth . views . password _ reset _ confirm .
returns the current underlying local timezone object .
hide autosummary toctree list in html output .
default url shortener backend for zinnia .
only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file .
start an application using wsgiref and with an optional reloader .
used for rendering the page tree , inserts into context everything what we need for single item
load a new collection , firing events based on prior like membership .
add labels to atomic group .
get a query for candidate matches between the missing persons registry and a dead body
setup virtual environment for the provided pack .
return the current pyos _ inputhook as a ctypes . c _ void _ p .
run xlsxwriter in optimised / constant memory mode .
write measurement info into a file id .
write an api configuration for endpoints annotated protorpc services .
payment handler for the egate payment gateway .
returns the python version as string major . minor . patchlevel
function for easily adding nzb / zip / rar / nzb . gz to sabnzbd
retrieve fully qualified logger name for current module ( e . g .
fetch ami metadata for the local instance .
looks at the data in a prebuilt database and verifies it
return true if were running inside a virtualenv , false otherwise .
fuzzy filter for slug fields
get a python class for a clsid
returns the xml filename in the archive which contains the comments for the spreadsheet with codename sheet _ codename .
fail fast if paths we explicitly want to copy do not exist .
converts stuff to string and does without failing if stuff is a utf8 string
converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ; - )
caches a remote resource to local filesystem .
unregisters flask - sqlalchemy session commit and rollback signal handlers .
decorator for running tests with an ioloop
overrides saved app configs based on the given configurations dict .
convert into a unicode string .
wrapper for commands to be run against windows boxes using winrm .
reruns a course in a new celery task .
save mean [ s ] to file
return a unicode string representing a python object .
prefix command with current binary path .
escape and quote a string to be used as an http attribute .
return the program code for a particular acid
get and serialize positional and named arguments .
running " harvest " with - - apps = one _ app
loads translations from gettexts locale tree
check that a service tag isnt in the module path
setup function for sphinx extension
return a dictionary mapping : class : tree instances to their depth .
return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object .
detects whether typed is a subsequence of ref .
pkg / typename - > pkg , typename - > none
kill a running container container container id signal signal to send . .
default datalist item renderer for incidents on profile pages
create a symbolic link to a file or directory
convert a raw data into a long integer .
try to figure out what language to display the interface in
attempt to remove a directory from disk .
returns the dict that should be used or none if the result was that nothing should be used .
merge a set of events .
run the provided command in a subprocess and wait until it completes .
compiles a replacement template group reference .
clears all the placeholder variables of keep prob , including keeping probabilities of all dropout , denoising , dropconnect etc .
register this checker .
returns a tuple with the enriched text and a score for the match .
uniformly trim leading / trailing whitespace from docstrings .
determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops .
uses the vision api to detect faces in the given file .
get the default unit format as specified in the votable spec .
for the given : py : class : optionparser and list of command line arguments * args * , yield values in * args * that correspond to option destinations in the set of strings * dests * .
return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal
order the queryset by the translated field , honoring the current and fallback locales .
stochastic relative strength index
the binary representation of this address .
compute hessian matrix for a function f wrt parameters in varlist which may be given as a sequence or a row / column vector .
wipe all of the drives in disk _ list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class .
accepts a record , and a dictionary of field values .
finds the scope urls for the desired service .
return a locale we support , or none .
adds a message with the error level .
extract a documentation that starts at given beginning with simple layout .
get a list of key string for the ancestor portion of a composite key .
load parameter based on a resource uri .
create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages .
return a list of organizations that the current user has the specified permission for .
unset global configuration variables for database .
check the validity of a csrf token .
requeue failed jobs .
returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry
filter candidates and return the matches
render the edx main page .
console script for { { cookiecutter . project _ slug } }
returns an iterator over the edges of an eulerian circuit in g .
change a terms operator to some canonical form , simplifying later processing .
carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
return the frucht graph .
displays a receipt for a particular order .
retrieve consul configuration
works around .
retrieve a group by id , checking the redirect table if the requested group does not exist .
impute censored dataset using regression on order statistics .
rr - cell change order section 9 . 1 . 21e
breadcrumbs for an entry .
get a test array of given shape and data type .
return the number of followers of a dataset .
update mailing list subscription on user model and in mailchimp
synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
close the connection when we finish everything .
get specific field value from a redis hash , returns dict
everytime an object is created / changed / deleted , we create an entry in the history resource .
delete a policy .
output database definition
returns 0 if none of voice , sms , data is not supported
our friendly neighborhood main function .
start geoserver with geonode extensions
return inode usage information for volumes mounted on this minion
get the peg center x list .
returns a hash of css selectors , each of which contains a hash of css attributes
checks whether repository is just a link for other one .
returns the plural of a given word .
return the aaaa record ( s ) for host .
parses a string of the form generated by encode _ timestamps and returns a tuple of the three component timestamps .
retrieves all properties with possible values that can be guessed
get the key string from row & column , counting from one .
expected assignment _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
send request email after new record created .
set up the queryset and filtering for addon listing for dashboard .
list allocations associated with a resource provider .
returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
returns the primary child category for the specified xblock , or none if there is not a primary category .
get all backups belonging to a host .
you might want to call odoo . modules . registry . registry . delete along this function .
wait for task to complete .
return the targets from a range query
ensure the kms key exists .
writes a text at the bottom of the clip .
command : for id equals error to expr optstep
return k topmost clusters from hierarchical clustering .
get the navigation index from the position argument
create a mongodb user
join components of url into a relative url
convert keyword args to a dictionary of stylesheet parameters .
when kwargs are passed literally in a source file , their keys are ascii : normalize .
takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture
create only one instance of each distinct datetime
renders a list of url / title pairs for all displayable subclass instances into json thats used to populate a list of links in
converts an arbitrary object c { obj } to a c { tuple } .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
parse an identity value and return the corresponding low - level value for numpy .
pass in a language get back a locale object courtesy of
allows manual push notifications .
helper function to calculate sum of squares along first axis
load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr .
return full path to the user - shared data dir for this application .
removes a space separated list of [ x ] html tags from the output .
this returns a list , which contains all items where filter _ attr evaluates to true
initiate generation of a csv file containing information about students who may enroll in a course .
unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device
takes a block of text and highlights words from a provided query within that block of text .
sets the name a of thread , including the globalprocess name .
filters out unwanted items using the specified function .
convenience wrapper to take a series of date / time elements and return a wmi time of the form yyyymmddhhmmss . mmmmmm + uuu .
import content from fpath and return a hy ast .
a decorator that ensures a function is run outside a transaction .
extract tokens from doc .
generate a token to be passed with a form for xsrf protection .
parse a file into a redactionpolicy , where each line comprises a redaction rule string as described in parse _ rules _ from _ string .
try to guess if target is in promisc mode .
returns if the given model was automatically generated .
if the needed base does not exist , then create it , if it does exist create nothing and return the name of the base lxc container so it can be cloned .
parse the url and try to determine if the following is a file path or a url
this validates syntax of the manifest . json
get all build . jsons with absolute paths
listen to salt events and forward them to logstash
given a url , return its scheme , host and port .
given a string x , convert it to a float .
iterates over the nodes in the tree , and renders the contained block for each node .
skin a gcode linear move text .
context manager to suppress package and module deprecation warnings when importing them .
checks if the provided minimum value is present in the users account .
setup the sharp aquos tv platform .
set up the open exchange rates sensor .
insert a fake python module to sys . modules , based on a xml file .
average pooling 3d .
helper function for creating a superuser from the command line .
unload the ipython extension
returns an iterator of predecessors in breadth - first - search from source .
returns the pants build root , calculating it if needed .
create a route53 hosted zone .
plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency .
return a time struct based on the input string and the format string .
get the aws sns notification service .
check if nodes are already authorized nodes a list of nodes to be checked for authorization to the cluster
given a list of colors and gradient percent , return a color that should be used .
given the app label , returns the module of the app itself
wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
encode a document to bson .
walks the diag of a lup decomposed matrix uses that det ( a ) = prod ( diag ( lup ( a ) ) ) and also that log ( a ) + log ( b ) = log
write random data across the tunnel with a write function , then run a remote command to read that same random data .
display a list of blog posts that are filtered by tag , year , month , author or category .
calculate trending for app for all regions and per region .
imap - specific message creation logic .
calculate percentage usage of used against total .
make summary string .
runs eval once .
setup the sonos platform .
if * d * has * task _ id * or * application _ id * but not * job _ id * , add it .
given a policy name and version describe its properties .
set up argument handling and callback routing
find the n largest elements in a dataset .
check if the os is linux , and then if selinux is running in permissive or enforcing mode .
loop through jid files in the minion proc directory and remove any that refer to processes that no longer exist
get an appropriate converter instance for a given field .
find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type
performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor .
open serial port for snap reprap communications
carves up a mime - type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
print colorful string .
restore a file version to original state
check the signature in the message against the value computed from the rest of the contents .
run a synchronous query with paged results .
patch acts as a function decorator , class decorator or a context manager .
restful crud controller
gather details from installed distributions .
sets the placeholder cache with the rendered placeholder .
press the keyboard button for play / pause .
set config keys via list .
return a listener that only keeps lines between lines that match the marker * regular expression .
show the details of the existing instance .
returns a dict with keys of function - group names and values of lists of function names ie { group _ names : [ function _ names ] }
atom : lpar testlist rpar
create some sort of interactive window if the users preference say we should .
copy files & folders from source to destination
destroy the image or raise if it does not exist .
return graph from adjacency data format .
get the name of a tarball file should be one of source - orig : the original name of the source tarball source - orig - notar : the name of the untarred directory source : the source tarball win32 - orig : the original name of the win32 installer win32 : the name of the win32 installer html : the name of the html zip html - nozip : the name of the html , without " . zip " pdf - orig : the original name of the pdf file pdf : the name of the pdf file
extract metadata from a posts source file .
checks if the fetch is for the same url from which it originated .
make matched text lower case .
given a trie , add the match terms into the trie .
compatibility helper function to make _ _ utils _ _ available on demand .
return ckeditor config from database
bring dataset into memory if its small relative to memory
return a subset of a dictionary corresponding to a set of keys .
generates a random cloud instance name
details page : show a box for the user to post a review .
returns true if a key specifies an id or name , false otherwise .
returns if you should redirect on language fallback
resolve an object .
helper function to check if the national prefix formatting rule has the first group only , i . e . , does not start with the national prefix .
attempts to add a message to the request using the messages app .
appends sp _ password to the end of the payload for automatic obfuscation from dbms logs
compute geohash ( ) using the munroe algorithm .
create a new rc2 cipher
set both ip address and dns to dhcp
create an user along with her dependencies
compresses the kml content and returns as kmz ( using the correct
gets a random port number that works .
adds a send feedback email task into the task queue .
returns inverse of d , setting keys to values and values to list of keys .
returns the plural of a given word .
generate an ethernet mac address .
update the docs before testing : help .
test the methods of windows
signout from the website .
create the forked process for the zeromq ret port
validate search radius .
flip a fair coin 1000 times , true = heads , false = tails
get the current subtitle delay .
if this is a new addon upload addon will be none ; if this is a new version upload version will be none ; a new file for a version will need both an addon and a version supplied .
convert utc time string to time . struct _ time : change datetime . datetime to time , return time . struct _ time type
return kinds path as / - delimited string for a particular key .
return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus .
parse a logadm configuration file .
given a list of numpy arrays , this function sets the parameters of all layers below one or more given : class : layer instances ( including the layer ( s ) itself ) to the given values .
indent text or a number of text lines .
gets queried columns names .
update an instance info cache record in the table .
yield readable conditional filter
checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
when we are asked to update lets reap the cache
get md5 hash of bytes .
receive messages with poll and timeout
return data for all osf4m submissions .
replace all commented portions of a given source text as spaces .
returns the value corresponding to a rotation change label int .
remove a local temp directory .
given a synapse and a list of synapses , check whether this synapse exist in the list .
perform initial os x customizations if needed .
prints expr in pretty form .
contextmanager for multiple invocations of api with a common prefix supported api functions : _ _ option
get application terminology by sending an appleevent
dumps the default dse schema
get the jar signature and send it to the signing server to be signed .
computes rank for matrices and vectors .
decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view .
return a new figure canvas .
trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev .
returns a field descriptor by field name .
run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript
creates a simple message for the email parameters supplied .
returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i in python 3 .
print the graph leading to r to given depth .
helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1
helper function that validates the minutes parameter .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
copy functions from opengl . gl into _ pyopengl namespace .
search a datastore resource .
generates a generic oauth token
divide up the top 1k of each key into its own file to make restarting after a failure much easier .
just like javascript eval .
show the details from ec2 concerning an ami
return the paginated current position within a loop , and the non - paginated position .
returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface .
remove port forwarding .
decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method
return the amount of indentation .
return a fixed frequency datetime index , with day as the default frequency
returns a list of dictionaries with the folders contained at the given path .
returns the start time for the 5 - minute window to read the custom metric from within .
run pylint from python command _ options is a string containing pylint command line options ; return _ std indicates return of created standard output and error ; stdout and stderr are file - like objects in which standard output could be written .
replaces ampersands with & entities .
save the data from numpy recarray * r * into a comma - / space - / tab - delimited file .
match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
restful crud controller
get remote method info object from remote method .
wang / eez : compute correct leading coefficients .
alternate version of get _ subscriber _ emails that takes a stream object only , and simply returns an empty list if unable to get a real subscriber list .
computes the maximum likelihood estimator for the parameters of the von mises distribution .
a unicode - safe version of urllib2 . parse _ keqv _ list
return a named temporary file created from a specified file with a given name included in a repository changeset revision .
encode a sequence of two - element tuples or dictionary into a url query string .
returns a json with data whether the document has the requested permission
get an elastic network interface .
check if provided string contains non ascii characters
rest controller to retrieve options for shelter unit selection show layer on map imports
create a histogram chart with one or more histograms .
parses a database url .
returns the current setting for the given locale category as tuple .
read assorted file properties .
returns a list of dependencies of the module that the current interpreter cannot import .
add entry to database under recent scan
generate a json file to serve as an index for short - url lookups
return the representation of motifs in " pfm " or " jaspar " format .
return the formatted datacite metadata xml as a string .
check if a token matches a revocation event .
calculates the quadratic weighted kappa quadratic _ weighted _ kappa calculates the quadratic weighted kappa value , which is a measure of inter - rater agreement between two raters that provide discrete numeric ratings .
ensure the rabbitmq virtual host is absent name
checks if a user has ever been registered with given user _ id .
updated redis with a message , prefix it with the current timestamp .
parse an accept header , ignoring any accept - extensions returns a list of tuples containing main mime type , mime subtype , and quality markdown .
add the value found in step 4 to every element of each covered row , and subtract it from every element of each uncovered column .
return the fathead entry title .
begin saving the characters typed into the current keyboard macro .
calculate inner and outer radius bounds of the donut wedge based on levels .
converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
given a function of one - variable and a possible bracketing interval , return the minimum of the function isolated to a fractional precision of tol .
get the frequency of the system bus .
check project settings file for required options
remove instance type access for project .
collect data into fixed - length chunks or blocks
returns default context for all views as dict ( )
returns a pretty ascii table from tuples
this decorator wraps a method to catch any exceptions that may get thrown .
return the current the exception instance currently being handled
publicly accessible method for determining the current backend .
encode a list s - expression .
try to find out git version .
endpoint for console .
load a freesurfer surface mesh in triangular format .
parses kind | size list and returns template parameters .
merge the old doctree with the new one while looking at nodes matching the condition .
modify autoscale settings .
retrieve recent messages from redis , in reverse chronological order .
convert alpha chars in a number to their respective digits on a keypad , but retains existing formatting .
restful crud controller - cache feature queries & make them available to the map viewing client as geojson
perform multiple patches in a single call .
return a gaussian window .
move the abs toward the input .
pool child process destructor .
equality assertion with a more informative error message .
directory tree generator .
returns a certificate object based on pem text .
returns a sizer for a string field .
initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems
returns true if the current process is run under admin privileges
check the validity of the input parameters
return dictionary of user objects and a dictionary of the users ip address and last access time
get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
creates a storage object from dictionary mapping , raising keyerror if d doesnt have all of the keys in requireds and using the default values for keys found in defaults .
generates a binary function that supports broadcasting on numpy arrays .
if the flags . monkey _ patch set as true , this function patches a decorator for all functions in specified modules .
creates a 1 - d tensor containing a sequence of integers .
returns the file name for a given kind of config file .
helper for assert _ * ports
displays debug messages to stderr only if the python interpreter was invoked with the - o flag .
gets the challenge for the cached url .
try to get a string from the lookup table , return " " instead of key error
establish a connection between c { server } and c { client } then transfer data between them until the connection is closed .
recursively takes a self - nested list and returns an html unordered list - -
process the return from salt
allocates a new image in opennebula .
check to see if the specified kernel module is available
check to see what changes need to be made for a file
rule to unpack singleton args > > > from sympy . strategies import unpack > > > from sympy import basic > > > unpack ( basic ( 2 ) ) 2
test that the tarball can be unpacked and installed , and that sympy imports in the install .
test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of .
apply the list of operators ops to object obj , substituting op for the generator .
creates and returns a dictionary representation of a collection given by the provided collection id .
uninstall an app file by removing it from the applications directory
insert the number into the string , and make plural where marked , if needed .
returns a manager instance from the information on the configuration file
generate coefficients for primitive _ element ( ) .
converts dictview object to list
whitespace normalization : - strip empty lines - strip leading whitespace in a line - strip trailing whitespace in a line - normalize line endings
reads types definitions from a file .
support function for copy _ reg to unpickle module refs
returns all the text in text annotations as a single string
deploy stack with the specified properties name
return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent .
return an ec2 connection
return a json representation of a python string
creates multiple choice field with given query object as choices .
evening doji star
unless the comment parameter is specified , the csv reader should not treat any lines as comments .
extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index
returns date in yyyymmdd format .
send a command down the telnet channel .
load a mapping file into a dataframe and then collapse rows
open the registry at path in s3 .
check that we can still call the decorated functions .
initiate a traffic server configuration file reread .
return the name of the app from installed _ apps that is most recently present on the call stack .
return a list of unique strings .
fetches information of a certain network
extract a successful api result from a http response .
convert everything but none to an int .
returns a list of param names .
get new derivation .
make a field only active in dev _ mode .
unwrap a private key from a pkcs # 8 blob .
resets the value of clip _ qual _ left for each read in the sff data .
binary crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
set trimpoints to end of technical read for all sff files in directory .
create an unbounded method from a function and a class .
stop worker process by sending it a signal .
convert radiants in degrees
this is the main function for generating the rarefaction plots and html file .
speed a gcode linear move text .
returns true if the python that produced the argument profile was built with - ddxpairs .
loads 2 css templates to demonstrate the feature
return true if the object is a user - defined generator function .
remove a user from an organization .
generates a struct conforming to the following specifications :
avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations : - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
insert the number into the string , and make plural where marked , if needed .
compute the log _ mean _ exp of elements in a tensor , taking the mean across axes given by reduction _ indices .
set the default for the default _ log _ levels option for keystone .
guesses the location of the tftpboot directory , based on the distro on which cobblerd is running
contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization .
given an email address , creates a notification - channels if one is not found and also returns the corresponding notification channel id .
resolves f to a filter instance .
check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round - trips for the
butterworth lowpass filter of any elliptical shape .
create agent to interact with a spinnaker kato server .
return sensible window bounds
clear out the review counts , so that theyll be regenerated .
returns all untranslated strings for a language and writes in a file
makes a test suite from doctests .
only work on posix - like systems
put a hook on a theano variables .
given an arbitrary , possibly callable object , try to create a suitable signature object .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for the global network settings file .
build a per byte hexadecimal representation
launches a softwareswitch
return a list of skipped test modules , and a list of test cases .
update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key : value pairs from the originating volume .
find the appropriate plugin of kind and execute it .
find all the actions in the namespace .
non - uniform scaling along the x , y , and z axes
return a specific endpoint
inline cleanup function in case of test error .
use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http
return a server _ version _ info tuple .
load a certificate request from a buffer
embed hyperlinks to documentation into example code
retrieve a variable or list of variables from a module .
split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
draw hinton diagram for visualizing a weight matrix .
run all finalizers whose exit priority is not none and at least minpriority
helper function to create an undefined - step snippet for a step .
add permalink methods to object
return list of doctypes in which documents are shared for the given user .
import an ssh public key .
create new zabbix user .
evaluate products of kroneckerdeltas .
integration over multiple variables .
inserts calls to symbol for undefined variables .
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
sets a timeout for tube operations via context . timeout , e . g . timeout = 30
guess the " content - type " of a file .
return fast binary morphological opening of an image .
fetch something from a module .
compile all llvm nrt functions and return a library containing them .
insert a point into a path , at the index at which the path would be shortest .
same as * gep * , but add the inbounds keyword .
given a query string and a search cursor , returns a list of exploration metadata dicts that satisfy the search query .
return a key suitable for sorting between networks and addresses .
encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
decodes html entities in the given string .
returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
alternative to flask url _ for .
return the lower triangular portion of a matrix in sparse format
runs ctc loss algorithm on each batch element .
convert an excel number into a tuple suitable for feeding to datetime or mx . datetime constructors .
return the running services
set enrollment attributes for the enrollment of given user in the course provided .
calls classifier manually , not using network
module function to re - encrypt a password .
convert the image to grayscale .
create plural to singular mapping for all resources .
fixture that returns cpu and gpu backends for 16 and 32 bit
read from a client with the given read preference .
import meta - data schemas from json to database if not already loaded
display screen to select domains to validate .
take a list of numbers and exponentiate them , right to left .
case tracking controller
generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points .
only apply branching rule if condition is true
parse url according to site _ name which will be used in the mail .
scalar product between scalars and matrices .
generate an md5 hash with the given text .
convert a propositional logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
split a season nzb into episodes
parse standard 32 - bit dos timestamp .
print a tag to a stream .
gets language name based on its code .
chdir to another directory for an operation
name of a function , robust to partials
accepts a mime header containing filename = " . . . " .
this will create the welcome forum with a welcome topic .
makes all the properties we know about in this node absolute .
return a link to private message the user .
check if the file extension is valid .
checks if the frequency setting is the same as the default pi setting .
return a function to create an op class with its symbol already passed .
returns true if pattern . search ( sentence ) may yield matches .
checks that lets encrypt will consider domain to be valid .
get the path for the migrate repository .
load social auth current user data to context .
updates a qos to tenant association
conv _ block is the block that has a conv layer at shortcut # arguments input _ tensor : input tensor kernel _ size : defualt 3 , the kernel size of middle conv layer at main path filters : list of integers , the nb _ filters of 3 conv layer at main path stage : integer , current stage label , used for generating layer names block : a , b . . . , current block label , used for generating layer names
return joint variance from samples with unequal variances and unequal sample sizes for all pairs something is wrong
this section is for arguments parsing
a summary page of actions taken when banning a user and reverting revisions
given the status of a certificate , return a boolean indicating whether the student passed the course .
struct _ declaration : specifier _ qualifier _ list struct _ declarator _ list semi
create a figure with a set of subplots already made .
finds all files under the given directory and checks if the number of files exceeds the max _ files .
pretty print error messages in critical salt modules which are missing deps not always in stdlib such as win32api on windows .
returns valid permissions for a given role
return the difference between caves rva positions
create a user
returns a sensible label for a field name .
helper function to return a url pattern for serving files in debug mode .
execute python code in the most recent stack frame .
create a cache cluster .
return the textual representation of logging level level .
return the sha - 1 hmac hash of the given key and string .
replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html ; a single newline becomes an html line break ( ) and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break ( ) .
this is the main greeting page for cobbler web .
check code in docstrings of the modules public symbols .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
a list of tasks assigned to current user
submit a document
return all of the file paths found in an environment
add workers table .
updates the global list of error - suppressions .
parse a given volumes state specification for later use in modules . docker . create _ container ( ) .
render an entire form from template
recursively unhide a unit and all of its children in the ccx schedule .
return the cpu stats for this minion
disables dm - verity on the device .
extract pages from a mediawiki database dump = open file - like object f .
make a filename relative , where the filename is dest , and it is being referred to from the filename source .
omit projects that have certain words in the title
check for non - const references .
query for all image volume cache entry for a host .
make a segment dictionary out of a db record .
skip a test if a custom user model is in use .
for a command , return a tuple of object name , argspec , tip text .
helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . g . " system - version - machine " .
create members from bulk _ data .
counts the number of tokens in an args list .
return a cloud of published tags .
helper method for for subprocess . popen to initialise uid / gid and umask for the new process .
find all files under dir and return the list of full filenames .
makes a scatter plot .
returns pyjsexception with pyjserror inside
adjust spacing after abbreviations .
returns the configuration of the rpm probes .
get the description for fill .
separate inline comments by at least two spaces .
reads in the minion configuration file and sets up special options
quotes is a list of tuples
multiply a list of pairs .
read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file .
infer an import node : return the imported module / object
insert a few additional entries for diversity into the dict .
decorate filename so that examples with plots are displayed first .
get the global repository dialog values .
convert date _ time to imap4 internaldate representation .
when the setuptools tests are run using setup . py test , and then one wants to invoke another setup ( ) command within those tests , its necessary to reset the global variable in distutils . core so that the setup ( ) command will run naturally .
refresh the grains .
given a multi - line string , indent every line of it by the given number of spaces .
returns the directories and documents based on given params that are accessible by the current user
fixture to setup the backend before running a test .
wait for process with pid pid to terminate and return its exit status code as an integer .
set a configuration option to a new value .
execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite .
sets mute preferences for exploration with given exploration _ id of user with given user _ id .
tcp / udp string for description
returns a list of containers by name .
creates a metadata object , fetches the default dictionary of metadata values , and prints them .
return a pre - weight cost of 1 for each host .
convert an int to an hexadecimal string .
return a relative url from base to to .
ensure a job is present in the schedule name
parses iso 8601 dates into datetime objects
constructs a dvoretzky - kiefer - wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf .
return a list of the images that are on the provider .
enable the named service to start at boot
converts a datetime to a string representation .
return a tuple containing representations of all args .
check to see if attributes are set on a cfn stack .
parses a hex escape sequence .
a function to read through each page and post as it comes through from pelican , find all instances of triple - backtick code blocks , and add an html wrapper to each line of each of those code blocks
set the logging level .
build javascript translations for a single language .
look for a : class : ~ prompt _ toolkit . layout . containers . window in the layout that contains the : class : ~ prompt _ toolkit . layout . controls . buffercontrol for the given buffer and return it .
get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
returns a callback function used to supply a passphrase for private keys
content contains uins and statusnotifyusername contains username they are in same order , so what i do is to pair them together
return the corresponding logentry elements for the given revisions
remove a lock from a document .
optimize thumbnail images by removing unnecessary data
disable beacon on the minion
a helper to make security group objects from a list of names or uuids .
run unittests starting at directory given by start
returns the unread message count between two users .
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , uid , id as parameters .
this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager .
decode a geojson file into a list of features .
executes a one point crossover on the input : term : sequence individuals .
show the details of an ssh keypair
return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address .
given the two revisions generate a diff between their tidied content in the unified diff format .
he normal variance scaling initializer .
create a technical server error response .
request a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
store commonly used values in flasks special g object
read osc stats file , return as nested list
evaluate a polynomial at x = a in k [ x ] using horner scheme .
return a name in the normal " name surname " format .
return a random prime number in the range [ a , b ) .
delete an organization .
list the files that belong to a package , grouped by package .
send out an analytics event when a forum event happens .
turns a setting value into a dependency .
create a " resting " time series preprocessing workflow
the entry point for admin / create - cloudformation - template .
assign model variables to appropriate step methods .
generator function to iterate over fasta records .
append a footer
edit the current users profile .
true if the element contains any block - level elements , like , , etc .
calculates the signal - to - noise ratio , as the ratio of the mean over standard deviation along the given axis .
checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
an information theoretic covariance measure .
given a device we requested from aws ebs , determine the os device path that will actually be created .
helper function to check if given volume belongs to given cluster .
return the house graph with a cross inside the house square .
write our pid to a pidfile .
make a linear system ax = b
return true if node is the root of a text phrase .
fetches remote packages
sets the default tag that will be used
get lines of comments immediately preceding an objects source code .
return copy of sequence seq with item added .
create a writable blobstore file .
switch frappe and erpnext to master branch
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
get the agl handler previously set with l { libvlc _ media _ player _ set _ agl } ( ) .
return a logger with the specified name , creating it if necessary .
ask for a username
create new filesystem or update existing one
swaps two rows of a csc / csr matrix in - place .
add a license
load an image from a file .
builds the virtual disk create spec .
dump a help menu with zarp options
add additional information to the filter properties after a node has been selected by the scheduling process .
creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
returns data retrieved from a url .
take an existing entity and a modified entity and check for changes .
return a np . array suitable for use as a tone .
get a path relative to the zipline data directory .
whittle the preface file or text .
do typical mdn update
group versions by major . minor releases .
use the received in - memory workflow object for saving to the galaxy database .
check for get _ metadata
generate an optparse parser
runs a function inside a datastore transaction .
true if the type is a metatype .
compute an h tags " outline depth " .
parses a cost equation term .
this middleware uses cookies to stash - away a previously authenticated user so that re - authentication is not needed .
test existence of a dataset .
extend a query with a list of two - tuples .
get the number of hosts .
takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor - specific oids into generics oids from rfcs .
converts a list of images to a 5d tensor that serves as input to c3d
avoids problems with inappropriate string format strings > > > safestringformat ( select foo from % s limit % d , ) uselect foo from bar limit 1
asserts a conversion condition and raises an error if its not met .
extract marker id from request or fail .
this looks up dictionary attributes of the form a . b . c and returns the value .
dump connections to / from nodes .
individual insert statements in " bulk " , but calling upon last row id
uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key .
ensure we have a source space .
puts url components into the form http ( s ) : / / full . host . strinf / uri / path
returns a service instance to the proxied endpoint .
return true if the provided ip is a valid ip - address
callback - oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
test application running
get a node with the specified c { nodeid } as any of the c { class } ,
factory method for creating a new stackdrivermetricsservice .
execute a process on the device .
the disjunction of two or more queries
fetch a console pool for a given proxy host , compute host , and type .
helper function for executing a single batch - code entry
statement : newline
returns a sub fixture by only returning objects which match the regex .
launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality
verifies that the specified incron job is present for the specified user .
an intrinsic returning a derived array with the given shape and strides .
request a google id token using a jwt .
flatten a list of elements into a uniqu list
a replacement for the old socket . ssl function .
get float by prefix and side .
get rotate tetragrid and delete the rotate attributes .
cache updates for later install .
specifier _ qualifier _ list : type _ specifier
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
expression : lparen expression rparen
rgb to yuv color space conversion .
find a cloud network by id or name
decode a base64 - encoded string using the " legacy " python interface . .
display an html textbook .
add an element to the pixel list .
load openssl libcrypto
sets the text field with given label to the specified value , and presses save .
gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
this function takes an inputsource and an optional base url and returns a fully resolved inputsource object ready for reading .
this section is for arguments parsing
unregister an event notification .
return the value of handle property .
uses brute force to solve the equation , x ^ 2 - dy ^ 2 = n .
raise an exception when we have ambiguous entry points .
find similar independent components across subjects by map similarity .
create a file client and add it to the context .
get count on media list items
pack context into msg .
removes a script by running the various removal scripts , then by deleting files and directories .
inserts cache / expires headers
find the version of an executable by running cmd in the shell .
collect useful info from a pre - yarn history file .
decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused .
the signal - to - noise ratio of the input data .
helper functions for scrolled canvas , used to forward
parses the format from dpkg - - get - selections and return a format that pkg . get _ selections and pkg . set _ selections work with .
sets the text field with the given label to the specified value .
get the hexdigest hash value of a file
return a boolean indicating whether given index exists
registers a flag whose value is a whitespace - separated list of strings .
utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows .
wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto , e . g , an integer label .
install one or more portage packages .
helper routine to launch an arrayeditor and return its result
return an sqlalchemy query for user _ ids dashboard activity stream .
slices a 2d list to a flat array .
load the transfer labels for the training set of data set name .
get the min .
decorator requiring a certain mimetype .
queue for reviewing app reviews .
convert indexers category / group - name to user categories .
windows specific helper function .
split a qpainterpath defined simple curve .
given a course key and a user , find the users enrollment mode and get the course completion badge .
a registered user claiming the unclaimed user account as an contributor to a project .
create a pipe , and return the two fds wrapped in l { _ fdholders } .
convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content
concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . append also
return polynomial transfer function representation from zeros and poles
returns a dict whose keys are user _ ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user _ id .
extract single level subelements from an element .
the inverse of daemontools . available .
gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
our embarrassingly - simple replacement for mimetools . choose _ boundary .
python sort comparator for tasks by estimated time of arrival .
guess the language in which a body of text is written .
recursively takes a self - nested list and returns an html unordered list - -
returns the given hash , with only the first show number shown .
create a connection
fetch a key value .
run custom site specific code , if available .
wrapper around dog _ stats _ api . histogram that cleans any tags used .
run chkconfig - - add for a service whose script is installed in / etc / init . d .
change the debug level .
same as a ^ b .
destroy an instance .
parse a file - like object to thrift module object , e . g . : : > > > from thriftpy . parser . parser import parse _ fp > > > with open as fp : parse _ fp
save tweets from dict to file .
snmp wrappers that extracts snmp information from a _ device object queries device by oid extracts snmp _ data
hide and show scrollbar as needed .
wrapper to lazily initialize connection info to galaxy
returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
retry a callable against a set of exceptions , optionally sleeping between retries .
attribute deprecation decorator for gentle upgrades
munging to turn a method name into a post - hook - method - name
returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between mass and energy .
load this state if the win _ path module exists
delay the return of a value .
create an assert function that uses : func : exception _ from _ error _ queue to raise an exception wrapped by * error * .
split each legacy endpoint into separate records for each interface .
make a cache key from optionally typed positional and keyword arguments
scale the input data so that the range old _ min - old _ max maps to new _ min - new _ max .
dump an objects attributes and methods kind of like dir ( )
compute the grid of alpha values for elastic net parameter search
read the configuration file .
system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image , and if so , when .
split a string both by commas and whitespace .
get the commastring as a complex .
create a valid random edx user id .
catch server errors and trace them .
check if a component is a valid eia value .
filtered version of the alerts controller
replace removed sql . tquery function
returns either the given unicode string or its encoding .
get the separate inset loops .
tries to get the pid of a server .
get the cylindrical vector3 by degrees .
helper to set up chpi fits .
yield everything reachable from id via cat _ pipe as a walkitem , stopping whenever stop _ at returns true .
run example scripts
returns true if input is a boolean and true or is a string and looks like a true value .
set a win32 / win64 api window handle where the media player should render its video output .
copy asset files to destination recursively .
a range that cant generate ranges with a length of more than
create a grid of correlation plots .
returns a nogotofail . mitm . connection . handlers connectionhandler to be used to handle the connection .
create a service model instance for an arcgis rest service
return a mock for the _ _ init _ _ method on * cls * where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
add a user to the minion
get a point with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of vector3s .
build the query to get all artifacts based on the context
verify the database settings work for connecting .
return the structure representation of the given * nditerty * .
returns an algebra of recurrence operators and the operator for shifting i . e . the sn operator .
runs a local development server for the flask - socketio application .
save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename .
parse a string according to the nate 8 - bit date format
return the path for the . egg - link file if it exists , otherwise , none .
register non - default auth methods .
selects the cuda device with the given id .
makes sure that handlers have all properties of more general ones .
returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings .
open the url in the current desktops preferred file browser .
adds current stack trace as a comment in queries .
checks a hashed password against a password .
return image intensity range based on desired value type .
create a spider to handle the given request .
return reads in two otu _ maps that are not shared otu _ map1 , otu _ map2 : otu to seqid mapping as dict of lists
get the vsphere object associated with a given text name
decorator function that instantiates the retrying object
return the network stats for this minion
return local percentile of an image .
pull source strings , generate po and mo files , and validate
filter choices of a form field and its widget by predicate .
test source estimate from mixed source space
download all versions , then checkout the requested version .
return new dask with the given keys inlined with their values .
private listall function for unix and mac machines .
write graph in python pickle format .
check to see if a module is installed or not
reverse the bits of a 64 - bit integer .
produces iterator of pairs where the first value is the joined key names and the second value is the value associated with the lowest level key .
send out an email .
return error numbers for all errors in errnames on this platform .
get all mfa devices associated with an iam user .
compute class priors from multioutput - multiclass target data
sets the state of the locale .
add a toolbar action set from some plugin
update existing hosts group .
gets the type of a phone number .
call the given function until it returns true or until the specified duration elapses .
return a chunk structure containing the chunked tagged text that is encoded in the given ieer style string .
return an rgb image where color - coded labels are painted over the image .
determine the server type from an ismaster response .
test that template helper returns correct number of cross sells when shop contains multiple relation types
remove all items from d1 whose key occurs in d2 .
import the certificate file into the given certificate store .
calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char .
plot a single image containing all six mnist images , one after the other .
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency fourier transform of f , defined as . .
converts newlines into and s .
extract the version number for a given project .
emit the load averages of this host .
add a tool plugin menu .
setup the wink platform .
returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle spectral density with regard to wavelength and frequency .
return the current request or a stub request .
return a list of the marginal sums of the array a .
cycle through all the possible credentials and return the first one that works
check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary .
converts dict to packet _ out
write projections to a fif file .
default scoring function : balanced accuracy
helper method to execute command with optional retry .
returns a string you can pass to path . path safely .
this convert allocempty to alloc of 0 .
returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape .
update an imagemember object
returns a list of strings
main body of the lemke - howson algorithm implementation .
this is used by py . test if it is in the module , so you can import this directly .
create a snapshot from the given instance . .
return a globally unique random string in rfc 2822 message - id format
create a devicendarray object that is like ary .
needed for certain operations in the sdk e . g creating sessions
if auth fails , raise 401 with a basic authentication header .
find the vertical edges of an image using the prewitt transform .
retrieve a specific endpoint from the statuspage api .
bandpass butterworth filter in two dimensions .
add a rule to the temporary ip deny list .
presents the user with an input widget and returns the input .
given an object , return the primary mapper associated with the object instance .
check that the xblock is in the course tree .
split the package version string into epoch , version and release .
source relevant version - specific tmux configuration files
checks if request has an authenticated user .
return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed
authenticate via an ldap bind
convert matplotlib dates to iso - formatted - like time strings .
return full path to the user - specific config dir for this application .
print information about an exit status .
remove any top - level whitespace in a token list .
creates a bookstore with some initial sample data .
remove accents from unicode text , allows east asian languages through
returns the token value for a clientlogintoken .
helper to determine if were running tests .
actually its bucket + test folder name
sync returner modules from salt : / / _ returners to the master saltenv : base
request user complete fitbit oauth2 flow .
adds additional args to allow the vm name or uuid to be set .
delete customer from stripe , cancelling subscriptions
given an uploaded file , a user , and other data , it creates an image
encode a piece of binary data into pem format .
return the glance metadata for all volumes .
get the login class of the user . .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
argument _ expression _ list : assignment _ expression | argument _ expression _ list comma assignment _ expression
only supported on posix - like systems
checks if the layer is a string and fetches it from the database .
determines if the statement is mutating based on the status .
convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time .
add a point to a path and the pixel table .
get features for which there are nonzero entries in the data .
takes a file - like object containing a multipart / byteranges mime document and returns an iterator of 5 - tuples .
attempts to switch the uid / euid and gid / egid for the current process .
return a set of permissions for a given iterable of urls .
computes the log likelihood .
this function patches the cache - control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
gets all the vlanids used
encode a payload bytearray into a pem string .
rainbow test for linearity
list hosts for each datacenter ; or hosts for a specified datacenter in this vmware environment
to install and / or test from the command line use : : python cma . py [ options | func dim sig0 [ optkey optval ] [ optkey optval ] . . . ] - - test to run the doctest , - - test - v to get verbosity and - - test - q to run it quietly with output only in case of errors .
sets up a dmcrypt mapping
restful crud controller - needed when group add form embedded in default / person - only create method is allowed , when opened in a inline form .
get the metadata slice attribute dictionary .
get default config directory of tempest
sets an incron job up for a specified user .
do chdir to the given path , and set the pwd environment variable for use by p4 .
compute delta for given log _ moments and eps .
do not allow a method / test to skip on missing dependencies .
generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
back - end method to delete a role
copies the array if its base points to a parent array .
creates trade _ count trades for each sid in sids list .
run current test cases of the file .
a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions .
setup the samsung tv platform .
compute zeros of integer - order bessel functions jn and jn .
range is an re which matches any single character in the range | c1 | to | c2 | inclusive .
test _ get with a fake windows os with equal data / config dirs .
map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post - split _ libraries fasta file
return the first active health option
get an events type name .
configures the plot .
load repos from db and included tools from . xml configs .
check whether locale data is available for the given locale .
get a lexer for a mimetype .
convert obj to a hashable obj .
get the lannouncer notification service .
applies exact match filtering to a query .
list all of the files cached on the minion
send a magic wake - on - lan packet .
benchmark throughput for different estimators .
find module in package .
models are updated through lettuce steps
return the difference between 2 lists .
calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
return a composite of all status data and info for this minion .
restful crud controller
starts handling requests .
current topology type is replicasetwithprimary .
load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object .
return whether the connection represents a mysql db .
test computation of analytic signal using hilbert .
searches : endpoint on soundcloud for : term and returns an item .
try to set color to the werkzeug log .
strips leading and trailing whitespace , then filters out blank lines and comment lines .
load the storage manager chosen in configuration .
returns the module that defines a global environment , and its name .
ldap domain specific configuration files are not formatted correctly .
extract names from model or construct names
creates a login url .
compare two movies by year , in reverse order ; the imdbindex is checked for movies with the same year of production and title .
determine if any line segments are within radius of a point .
convenience function wraps do _ single _ request .
takes in a dict of asset init args and converts dates to pd . timestamps
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
allocate / release vpc eip
all near - enough members matching the tag sets .
return the vms size object
exposes the jupyter notebook renderer to the command line
open or create database at path given by * file * .
uploads the sensor app for registered deployments .
if there is a list of restricted ips , verify current client is coming from one of those ips .
sets absolute paths for project directories and files
list files for an installed package
updates share permissions on role _ permissions for given doc , if shared
add user default
given a message , say whether it has a valid signature or not .
python port of moses code to check for cjk character .
add border to the image
validate that value is at least minimum
return next power of 2 greater than or equal to n
creates a global translation dictionary for module .
get the machine architecture
get modules pair for the constants and parser of of - wire of a given of version .
logs arguments to servers log .
ensures that the user exists , eventually creates new user .
check out the device vendor id according to pci _ id .
execute the instructions in the plan
handler for when review board is initializing .
copy all appropriate files to dest _ path in the local galaxy environment that have not already been copied .
factory function for connections . connection .
return the immediate children of a given vhd .
prompt for a password , with echo turned off .
returns the alphabet without any gap encoder .
used as a decorator to register a schema upgrade function .
return the first configured instance .
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
get a hdd device by uuid
harvest sets environment variables server _ name and server _ port in order to work with google app engine
finds out if a filename is a feature or a vector returns a gsconfig resource _ type string that can be either featuretype or coverage
escapes characters not allowed in the current encoding the css way with a backslash followed by a uppercase hex code point
loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files .
creates a module and returns a rope . base . resources . file
create a url string from parts , omit all none values and empty strings .
list of codes so we can transpose the data for embedded payments .
convert aws json template format to heat yaml format .
read bti pdf epoch .
representation for theme percentages for multiple = true options
log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
helper function that recursively populates the select , tables and where for select _ related queries .
returns a httpresponseredirect to post _ save _ redirect .
projects window position to 3d space .
commit cache to database file
this is run in a separate thread .
module - specific controller for teams
returns the live static _ root directory .
restful crud controller
run a traffic processing step .
import a module .
set up the xbox platform .
a decorator that asserts that the decorated function returns none .
modify an existing beacon
the inequality constraints .
tests whether the skew is different from the normal distribution .
creates a thumbnailer from an object .
return true if the named service is disabled , false otherwise name the services name
given a string or unicode instance , produce a new url instance .
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr as a parameter .
custom formstyle for filterform
returns the vector with features that have weight 0 removed .
return a dict with information about users of a postgres server .
dont use spaces around the = sign when used to indicate a keyword argument or a default parameter value .
get a model by name for a given api
find shallow commits according to a given depth .
convenience method will create a task and add it to a queue .
update related unit failed check flag .
wrap up an c { info _ callback } for pyopenssl so that if something goes wrong the error is immediately logged and the connection is dropped if possible .
parse a date string and return a time - zone aware datetime object .
return an immmutable nodeset which is the union of all nodesets in iterable .
get the first item in a list , or none if list empty .
return sample sequence of length n from a pareto distribution .
another deliberately broken test - we want to skip this one .
returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label .
returns a possibly empty list of numa stat file names .
need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path python $ _ _ tool _ directory _ _ / pbed _ to _ lped _ converter . py $ input1 / $ input1 . metadata . base _ name $ output1 $ output1 . extra _ files _ path $ { galaxy _ data _ index _ dir } / rg / bin / plink
an internal helper for union creation and substitution : flatten unions among parameters , then remove duplicates and strict subclasses .
creates and stores a summary of the given collection .
retry a jenkins job .
register a model - specific creation function .
generates a wsgi application that does logging and profiling and calls wsgibase
a view that retrieves notifications status for the authenticated user .
multi - dimensional ellipsoid fourier filter .
delete an elasticache subnet group .
traverse directory trees to find mapreduce . yaml file .
parses a stream of tokens and splits it into sentences and blocks for use with the l { align _ texts } function .
validate the provided api key .
set the system module of the kernel is windows
if value is none , use given default
return the value of the first key found in the list of search _ maps , otherwise return none .
wald - wolfowitz runstest for two samples
simple task to render a chunk of documents instead of one per each
create a chunked version of a pandas . rolling _ * function
open the named log file in append mode .
loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension
create a set of eeg electrodes in the head coordinate frame .
test whether a path is a mount point .
get uuid through ec2 id from instance _ id _ mappings table .
sets options turned on by switch - o
the main horizon context processor .
given a roidb , construct a minibatch sampled from it .
returns a list of dimension indices that will rotate src _ dim to dest _ dim .
initialize a collection attribute and return the collection adapter .
fetches a parsed schema entry by uri .
convert a json " changes " value to the native object .
set the sync variable
convert a binary uuid to human readable string .
run phantomjs fetcher if phantomjs is installed .
for date and time values shows how many seconds , minutes or hours ago compared to current timestamp returns representing string .
checks the timestamp or expiry time included in an ec2 request and returns true if the request is expired
unbind a public ip from public interface .
return all metrics
old - style if tag that renders contents if the given app is installed .
removes ntp peers configured on the device .
finds the lowest scale where x < = scale .
a sync tasklet that sets a fresh default context .
returns default if value is none or auto .
returns a list of hosts on opennebula .
remove accents from input .
get footnote and general references from outside source
return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure .
convolve an ndarray with an nd - kernel .
wrapper for dogpiles sha1 _ mangle _ key .
when changing the state of an object , it will commonly be in a transitional state until the change is complete .
create a new : class : sslobject instance .
generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
copy a single file to a s3 directory .
test with non 2dim input
return dict of commonly used options
get vlm _ media instance chapter number by name or instance id .
converts a list of strings to column names which spreadsheets accepts .
report whether the quota system for this device is on or off
its actually quite complicated to cover every case : ) URL
set up a nice colored logger as the main application logger .
wrapper to start an xml tag .
calculate the ci % parametric confidence interval for arr .
feed a gcode linear move text .
computes the pearson median skewness .
parses an item in a character set .
compute the fractional power of a matrix .
formats a number according to the users locale .
remove svg file .
to suspend a vm using its name
stop and remove any matching containers .
returns the html returned by the xmodules student _ view or author _ view , specified by the descriptor and idx .
returns the most common opcodes in order of descending frequency .
execute a prlctl command
combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics .
load the assess tables when needed
given a dataset name and a split _ name returns a dataset .
send e - mail when an api token is deleted .
verify the correctness of a base and strong generating set .
delete both forward ( a ) and reverse records for a host only if the forward ( a ) record exists .
associated legendre function of the first kind for complex arguments .
make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
this is easier of the two implemented methods of coset enumeration .
data - > unmarshalled data , method name
extracts the line and column number for a node that may have anb opening parenthesis , brace , or braket .
updates a given prior using newtons method , described in
check to see if a cache cluster exists .
format options then call tk command with args and options and return the appropriate result .
return true if func is a decorated coroutine function .
remove tags from a trail
list all the datastore clusters for this vmware environment
render config template , substituting grains where found .
load a microsites backend and return an instance of it .
function cache decorator
progressive widening beam search to find a node .
translate a shell - like glob pattern to a regular expression .
batchwise dot product .
return a deferred that fires with a list of ipv4 addresses that are currently configured on this host , sorted in descending order of how likely we think they are to work .
butterworth digital and analog filter design .
establish the database , create an engine if needed , and register the models .
inplace column scaling of a csc / csr matrix .
takes the request and a default url .
return a normalized file system path for the underlying os . .
only return if python - consul is installed
return the distro id of the current linux distribution , as a machine - readable string .
get horizontally bounded path .
add a route to 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 and : : 1 to simplify unit tests on windows
remove some special folders which are created by the tests .
check to make sure the default segments have the correct coordinates
audits installed packages against known vulnerabilities
apply a rule up a tree - stop on success .
sign a certificaterequest with extensions for use as a ca certificate .
serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users .
this is only used by test code now , where its very helpful in allowing us to run tests quickly , by giving a user a clean slate .
returns the key for the entity table .
returns true if data contains missing entries , otherwise false
builds a mapping of identifier names to values based on the identifier source location , type , and target .
factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor subclass .
raises invalid if a group identified by the name or id cannot be found .
returns an empty string if the selinux policy for a given filespec is applied , returns string with differences in policy and actual situation otherwise .
determine the outer indices of a mul object .
generates the maximum timeuuid for a given timestamp , as compared by cassandra .
emit a warning with trace outside the mne namespace .
create pickle file with a simple model .
create a virtualenv path
converts urls into clickable links , truncating urls to the given character limit , and adding rel = nofollow attribute to discourage spamming .
decorator to mark generator as co - routine .
open penultimate file with outside program given text .
map viewing client .
get current device associated with the current thread
search for item matches .
check whether a user has the permission to change the page .
static page delete
test the behavior of - - outdated flag in the list command
set the global verbose .
return the type of hub to use for the current thread .
calculates the mean of the quadratic weighted kappas after applying fishers r - to - z transform , which is approximately a variance - stabilizing transformation .
prepare a token revocation request .
extracts the faces from all images in a given src _ dir and writes the extracted faces to dst _ dir .
evaluate if to encode the value is necessary .
only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed
segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary .
collect partitions from disk and yield k , v group pairs
do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas .
returns a list of the prefixes with the same random characters appended
run pep8 on system code .
make the builtin _ _ import _ _ function greenlet safe _ under python 2 .
highpass filter for the signal x .
return event to pg server
split mime type into main type and subtype .
creates a default responder for the options method
adds an external network gateway to the specified router
use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity
given a class , return true if any of the classes it inherits from has a mapped table , otherwise return false .
returns true if the number can only be dialled from outside the region , or unknown .
returns the cpp variable that should be used as a header guard .
uninstall a distribution with a namespace package without clobbering the namespace and everything in it .
complete mavproxy module names
return backups that were active during window .
negates a row element - wise .
filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and only selecting the ones with the test succeeding .
generates equidistributed sequences with property that averages value of integrable function evaluated over the sequence converges to the integral as n goes to infinity .
set a version for the namespace to be loaded .
executes the equivalent of get _ sql _ reset in the current database .
maintain a cache of standard icons and return cache entries .
unmount a volume thats on the desktop
prompt ( ) appends a single space when no default is given
split the requested path into .
create a new blockdevicedeployer .
gets the content of a file ; it may be a filename , file : url , or http : url .
list all available locations
return dictionary from image description byte string .
find expressions in a call to _ transient _ function and extract them .
encode the value val and the flag _ size bits from flags as a fvwi .
set new video aspect ratio .
only works on windows systems
run openpyxl in optimised mode .
creates a new security group
books - - searches google books for .
whether a layer has a trainable initial hidden state .
function to create the portable app based on the parameters
return data from the " end of central directory " record , or none .
copy over " extra " files named in config json : stylesheets , logos , . . .
disassociate qos _ specs from volume type .
returns the current branch name of a local checkout .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
returns the current reporter object .
recursively check all pairs of vals for minimum distance step down method as in newman - keuls and ryan procedures .
symbolically propagates variance for expressions .
get container stats .
url - encode the given path string .
returns the instance identity as a nested python dictionary .
return the eval of a gyp file .
transform arbitrary matrices to matrices with singular values less than one .
run ironhouse example
convert theano graph to pydot graph and write to dot file .
get taxes grouped by priority from effective tax rules .
perform a swirl transformation .
get the location of a cached requirements file ; caching if necessary .
add to vector3 paths recursively .
returns a dictionary of docker version information .
process the request and return a json response .
renders a permission denied error for this review request .
return the number of bits necessary to represent integer intval .
create an in - memory configuration from a template for the specified zone .
returns a clip that plays the current clip backwards .
calculates signature of request data access _ token value must be included
build a navigation item used for example in user / read _ base . html .
returns useful information needed to solve the pell equation .
return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf .
transforms a string or list to a list
test for the equality of two survival distributions .
convert a boto . ec2 . cloudwatch . alarm . metricalarm into a dict .
returns the platform name as a compat _ str
wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances .
creates a fourth - level pipeline to average the networks for two groups and merge them into a single
given a sentence or fe annotation set , construct the width - limited string showing an ascii visualization of the sentences annotations , calling either _ annotation _ ascii _ frames ( ) or _ annotation _ ascii _ fes ( ) as appropriate .
return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form : / / or a local file system path
requires app engine admin credentials
helper function used to temporarily override stdout before importing a module .
remove tags from instance .
return * delta * without reading anything more from the dvi file
inspects the type _ model and creates / updates the corresponding type .
build a test for api commands that respond with err and mountpoint fields .
unregister a previously registered authentication backend .
truncate a title to be displayed in notifications messages .
takes a list of integers and checks if the list is in sorted order .
save dictionary in a single file . spydata file
load public keys from all certificates in a directory
converts a low - level errorcode into a string .
return a list of refs that can be used as environments
creates a path in which all special glob characters in all the parent directories in the given setting are properly escaped .
returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
ensure cloudwatch event rule with passed properties is absent .
generate a random alphanumeric string of the specified length .
custom page to hide the complexity of the assessments / impacts / summary model : mobile device version
the following formula and variable names are according to
return filesystem or none
returns a translation object .
given an importtask , produce a short string identifying the object .
returns an iterator of all pairs of elements from item _ list .
return an ietf timezone from the given ietf zone or common abbreviation .
handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way .
return a string with the match location underlined : > > > import re > > > print ( pretty _ match ( re . search , il mange du bacon ) ) il mange du bacon
return the css selector for problem _ type .
check if a bundle id or command is listed in assistive access .
all arguments have the same meaning as ssl _ wrap _ socket .
return a list of all available services .
immediately display a plot object .
setup the pi - hole sensor .
require several portage packages to be uninstalled .
convert numeric row / col notation to an excel cell reference string in
no - op function ; only present for backwards compatibility .
get a projection class from its name .
replaces the epidewarp . fsl script for susceptibility distortion correction of dmri & fmri acquired with epi sequences and the fieldmap information using fsls fugue .
adds a feature _ profile on the request object if one is present and the dev parameter is either firefoxos or android .
return whether a given process name is running .
used as a callback in a chain or group where the previous tasks are : task : ids : returns a tuple of : : ( previous _ result , )
within this context , no queries come from cache .
write version specification code into the given filename , which sets the version to the given version number .
set the location of the chassis .
optend : comma | semi
try to find a user for a firefox accounts profile .
decorator to mark magic functions which need to local scope to run .
all nodes that arent processed up front stll have dependencies to _ process : set of nodes that are in the first round of processing
using the streaming api , select just the tweets from a specified list of userids .
explicitly mark a string as safe for output purposes .
use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards .
generate a random uuid .
writes text to the stdout stream
get extrude output for a cylinder gear .
returns a list of roots of a cubic polynomial .
integrate a system of ordinary differential equations .
function implementing matlabs imresize functionality default behaviour
plists have either a program or programarguments key , if the executable requires command line options .
return the puiseux series for f .
ensure that given retention policy is present .
escapes a strings html .
set the clock format , either 12h or 24h format .
converts a negative index into a positive index .
return server version
return the hex dump of the supplied data starting at the offset address specified .
returns the validation message shown for an empty preference .
register provider request .
a reduction to count the number of elements
return a list off mac addresses from the named vm
compares two strings for equality securely .
a convenience function to make the sas covariance matrix compatible with statsmodels . rlm covariance
kronecker product of sparse matrices a and b
given a route table and subnet name or id , associates the route table with the subnet .
wraps api calls with role based access controls .
get the plugin folders to copy to the output .
for new projects , spaces - only are strongly recommended over tabs .
return image with each channel smoothed by the gaussian filter .
returns context variables helpful for debugging .
get the cascade precision .
returns all datacenters in a vcenter .
stores all files in file _ list into an zip file
run a qutebrowser command .
parses a list of server directives .
returns the radial wavefunction r _ { nl } for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset .
returns the host component , with a port specifcation if needed .
returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface .
renders a template from the given template source string with the given context .
returns static files from an extensions static directory .
change frequency of show updater thread
callback function to be used for training the model
ensure that the named interface is configured properly .
generic retry decorator
updates a floatingip
call f which has first argument locale .
takes a number of network bits , and returns the corresponding netmask as an ipaddr .
given an icalendar component with an " rrule "
find and return an integer i > = 0 such that num = = 2 * * i .
incorporate valid definitions from feature text into font .
transforms a sqlalchemy model instance into a dictionary
returns true if the process is shutting down
implements emsa - pss - encode ( ) function described in sect .
return details on an instance .
convert input object source to something we can write
custom page - filterable datalist of cms posts & a datalist of events
determine the size of a fits header block if a non - blank separator is used between cards .
setup a gpio as input .
compile theano function for a given parameter and input variables .
construct a 2 - tuple of c { } for testing interaction with the logging module .
return a llvm constant representing enum member * pyval * .
tile input array x according to reps .
return whether the version corresponds to a pre - release .
approximate pvalues for lilliefors test of normality
get the group part of an event type name .
execute func and return the resulting exception , the exception arguments , and the formatted exception string .
returns students course certificate related data .
convert a png string into an input tensor .
data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate .
propagate decorators from method1 to method2 , and return the resulting method .
test tf beamforming based on lcmv
generate states report
returns a list of field names from an admin fieldsets structure .
pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point .
prepends root icon path to path .
converts plain text into html with links .
attempts to locate and setup a valid proxy server from pac file urls
parses a config file for s3 credentials .
return a dictionary mapping server - wwns and lists of storage - wwns .
convert a path such as landroid / support / v4 / app / activitycompat ; into a method string class _ landroid _ support _ v4 _ app _ activitycompat so we can call d . class _ landroid _ support _ v4 _ app _ activitycompat . get _ source ( )
display the synopsis dialog .
return a window with a simple cosine shape .
pop and return the current smallest value , and add the new item .
displays add to collection widget
generates a sequence of all . jars used as inputs .
convert an element into a extension element
update target info objects with values from info base .
create a new scratch view and paste text content return the new view
make sure string is unicode type , decode with given encoding if its not .
given a dictionary for converting word to integer id .
ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / , _ and : characters .
generates the response dictionary of paginated apis with passed data
return information about a group
transformation matrix from z to y basis .
render a button
creates a user .
compare version of python interpreter to the given one .
make a user who watches for revision readiness .
create new wsgiapplication and register all handlers .
gets distance in metres to the current waypoint .
copy the rows or columns of a time - varying matrix where all non - index values are in the upper left corner of the matrix .
maps keys for vif summary view .
timezone aware version of datetime . datetime . combine
reads text lines and generates a vocabulary .
override this function if user _ id is formatted differently in payload
compute the katz centrality for the nodes of the graph g .
remove all callable items from dictionary
return phylonode from newick file handle stripping quotes from tip names
selects a path with highest weight .
internet gateway fail to delete attached
get an iterator given an integer , slice or container .
breaks a message from an irc server into its prefix , command , and arguments .
return a list of groups that could be split because of explicit grouping .
returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the base scalars of the given coordinate system .
extract messages from angular template files that use the angular - gettext translate directive as per URL .
helper function to set the inheritance
key _ to _ english : string
return an instance of the footnoteextension
return a bipartite graph from two given degree sequences using an alternating havel - hakimi style construction .
get response for when transport = cli .
set up an decora switch .
creates a course via an ajax request and verifies the url returned in the response .
represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
formatter that handles unicode arguments
get all child zones .
decorator - mark a function or method for skipping its doctest .
generator for the input movie documents .
a helper function to add " value " to the set of values for " key " , whether or not " key " already exists .
extract ip address of requester from header , even if behind proxy
invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed .
request ca cert from master icinga2 node .
transform the points by the projection matrix
try and extract the first sentence from a block of test to use as a title .
for geos routines that return a geometry .
the main event loop that starts the server and configures it .
function to use on group by charts .
looks for redundant trailing semicolon .
generate certificate for students in the certificate white list .
accepts a dict from a schema version 1 . 0 , 1 . 1 or 1 . 2 package containing a " platforms " key and converts it to a list of releases compatible with schema version 2 . 0 .
log probability for full covariance matrices .
a wrapper of format _ html , for the common case of a group of arguments that need to be formatted using the same format string , and then joined using sep .
get relationship between two users .
sort a collection of : class : . table / : class : . foreignkeyconstraint objects .
update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
if we still have work to do , keep windows / osx system awake
compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db , to determine a matching timezone name to use when time _ zone is not set .
raises an error if theres already a filesystem on device .
returns the studio editing url for the specified xblock .
coerce a value to tag .
contributors across the site with mailmerge .
decorator for authenticating with the hub
read an image from a file into an array .
sales index page
filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed .
creates or updates a dns record in a hosted route53 zone
get or create http client bound to the current event loop .
change to pytest - provided temporary directory
executes a blend crossover that modify in - place the input individuals .
list entries via client .
create a new figure manager instance
returns the aeon dataloader configuration for kitti dataset .
convert angle to a reportlab ready tuple .
restful crud controller
find index position of list media instance in media list .
delete selected items
require this request of user is right
returns all top level units which have due dates .
add the value found in step 4 to every element of each covered row , and subtract it from every element of each uncovered column .
rr initialisation request section 9 . 1 . 28 . a
display a list of users registered for a particular group .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
extends the dictionary blocks with * new * blocks in the parent node
compile a digest authentication header string .
make sure youre holding a db write lock on the account .
return a valid default argv for creating testing instances of ipython
compute the laplacian kernel between x and y .
checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config
temporary logger during development that is always on
use json to serialize python objects for db storage .
saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows .
if args is not empty , yield the output produced by calling the command list with args as a sequence of strings .
print information about extra bokeh - specific command line options .
autocovariance for 1d
rest controller for items
asserts a given template was used
print the given string to stderr .
task add to preselected project
returns least common multiple of a , b
filters a passed summary section and alignment section according to a numeric attribute in the summary section .
return a dict of serialized blobs for given artifact
return the : term : doclist of the page specified by name
parallel coordinates plotting .
this module symmetrisatizes the source - to - target and target - to - source word alignment output and produces , aka .
adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object :
clean out all of the files and directories in a directory while preserving the files in a list and part of exclude _ pat
this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
converts a time in seconds to usec since the epoch .
retrieve a content type from an app _ name / model _ name combo .
used primarily by _ basehdu . _ _ new _ _ to find an appropriate hdu class to use based on values in the header .
reset runtime environment .
helper function to call psql , because the password requirement makes this too much code to be repeated in each function below
return the xrds url for a resource
reset the state of a server .
extracts a list of ip / cidr expressions from a list of addrdicts , as retrieved from ip . get _ interface
classify this message .
returns the git - describe ( 1 ) _ string for the given revision .
build a url to be used when linking to program details on a marketing site .
generate all library import calls for use in tpot . export ( )
deletes a virtual disk .
skip a test if caching is disabled , this is a decorator .
a function with some random output .
series expansion of expr around point x = x0 .
find parameters in the given fields
iterate over the subparts with a given mime type .
insert a break , default page .
insert a point into a path , at the index at which the path would be shortest .
return true when p is utf - 8 or plain ascii
simple page without template
get a monitor snapshot by id .
like query but , repeat and wait until match / match _ type or status is fulfilled .
kills all descendant processes of this process .
get information about a cloudformation stack .
gives unique names to an iterable of variables .
auxiliary function to set options [ classes ] and delete options [ class ] .
set up nova credentials
run call _ command while capturing stdout / stderr and calls to sys . exit
also work for gpuincsubtensor .
render a field to a bootstrap layout
generate subject _ info structure from a list of event files
creates content types for models in the given app .
checks if language exists for db
install required yum packages .
make some text appear as though it was typed in at a python prompt .
handle osx commandline script .
return none or a tensorvariable whose type is in t . float _ scalar _ types
queues an opt - out email
convert group type query result to dict with spec and rate _ limit .
converts a scipy sparse matrix in * * compressed sparse row * * format to an iterable of weighted edge triples .
returns json representation of dataset .
adds a provisioning block by an entity to a given object .
run the main application .
creates the app .
generator that returns directory contents .
runs a command as sudo on the remote server .
reduces expression by using known trig identities
return ip address and fqdn grains
decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
skip the test if selection is supported .
convert schema into flat dict , where the keys become tuples
shuffle mapreduce files using the shuffler service .
create a computenode from the values dictionary .
check if the order of frequency of samples from stochastic max pool are same as the order of input values .
lowering function for + expressions .
return an incomplete connector object .
backup old meta info file .
generate an empty database , with just the schema and the
filters from a set of paths based on acceptable patterns and ignorable patterns .
generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token .
returns a tuple of
disassociate host and / or project from the given network .
set sdn facts if not already present in facts dict
peform dns resolution for a given hostname .
format block comments .
translates language names .
decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported .
return lines with leading / trailing whitespace and any ignored code features removed
contexts in django version 1 . 9 + must be dictionaries .
the cifar - 10 dataset consists of 60000 32x32 colour images in 10 classes , with 6000 images per class .
direct the output of an iterator to the transport of a protocol and arrange for iteration to take place .
requeues the job with the given job id .
return the window for the currently focussed buffer .
sort and return keys of dict
search for contributors to add to a project using elastic search .
ensures that argument passed in arg _ name is of type bool .
declare interfaces declared directly for an object
split a string into two parts at the input index .
formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha .
simple command - line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
start a machine by name
given a data source and a string model name this function will generate a geodjango model .
get the backup of stored a configuration rollback
marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint .
converts mercurial commits into a changelog in rst format .
place all entries in / etc / portage / package . * config dirs in the correct file .
ensure input for lab2lch , lch2lab are well - posed .
check for docstring not start with space .
finds child xml node with desired tag and returns its text .
revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
this optimization lifts up certain ifelse instances .
return the directory containing installed python header files .
apply a function to blocks , then concat , then apply again
show all standard icons
extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines .
convert keys and values in dic into utf - 8 - encoded : class : str
call cookiecutter ( ) with no _ input = true and extra _ context
get the full description of available chapters .
subtract dense polynomials in k [ x ] .
create an iscsi _ target from the values dictionary .
taken from django . core . utils
return metadata to store in vdis other _ config attribute .
ensure valid partition boundaries are supplied .
list the functions for all modules .
get equation for polar .
checks if a disk is valid
work out which source or compiled file an object was defined in .
perform a full - text search on the musicbrainz search server .
checks if a user can view the given course on a mobile device .
select a rule based on the result of key called on the function
ciphering mode command section 9 . 1 . 9
resolve a translatable string in an add - on .
classify type of odbc error from , and raise with a list
behaves like str . split but returns a generator instead of a list .
to rescan a specified hba or all the hbas on the host system
compare the values field - by - field in two sets of numpy arrays or recarrays .
return whether a path is absolute .
special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff
create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
when merging services from multiple files we need to merge the extends field .
return the variants represented by the given variants _ str .
create course enrollment for the given student and create manual enrollment audit trail .
milestone edit page
returns a trainer extension to dump a computational graph .
helper function to calculate the household size
get the configuration for a cache cluster .
send message to slack incomming webhook .
execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python
raises an httpexception .
convert a tornado . concurrent . future to an asyncio . future .
marks a function or method as unsafe .
loads a template and renders it with the current context .
a minimalistic node formatter , no lines or frames .
perform first and second level encoding of name as specified in rfc 1001
find unnamed groups in pattern and replace them with .
returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects , keyed by their id .
wait until a instance is running .
worker thread for collecting stat ( ) results .
execute the given sql query using the provided connection object .
get new repository .
get all available regions for the aws config service .
adds a charthelp object to the help attribute of the function .
stretch the color argument to provide the required number num
monkey - patch pyopengl to fix a bug in glbuffersubdata .
joins a list with a string , like pythons str . join .
delete a child cell .
return tuple of , all in bytes except for port which is int .
check that the payload version matches the given collection version .
monitor the rate of operation retries on the server .
decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
reverse the object or return an iterator the iterates over it the other way round .
coerce value to an json - compatible representation .
share boundaries between neighboring blocks
check if its string
return an xml . etree . elementtree representation of the scheme .
perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 . 1 . 3 of rfc 3756 .
factory that builds an agreement form .
returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation
check to see whether the file already exists
infer the number of dimensions from the shape or the other arguments .
use as a decorator to wrap methods that use cell information to make sure they sync the latest information from the db periodically .
get a dict whose values are model objects and represent it as a list of dicts
allow options for the sqlalchemy database engine to be passed by using the prefix " database _ engine _ option " .
takes a string and returns a list of lowercase strings .
return matching base file / folder names in folder path
assert - like decorator that marks a function for use only on the central server .
manages a node of a given bigip device .
t is the testset .
return the string used by python as the name for code objects which are compiled from interactive input or at the top - level of modules .
just like user _ messages , but avoiding the cache
given a course id and thread id vote for this thread ajax only
remove a user from the minion
retrieve a list representing all aggregated data for a users course enrollments .
return true if header _ name is an http / 1 . 1 " hop - by - hop " header
raises a ~ astropy . io . votable . exceptions . votablespecerror if * id * is not a valid xml id _ .
parses a view or file for any % ! tex directives
checks if text is a command .
find the most appropriate scope for a parametrized call based on its arguments .
write the workbook relationships xml .
creates the pygal test web app
the binary representation of this address .
sets an instance of : class : i18n in the request registry .
produces a linear ranking of the values in r .
given one result from mapbox , converted to a dictionary keyed on type , return a 3 - tuple of country , region , city objects .
append saltenv to url as a query parameter to a salt : / / url
check a palette argument for validity .
running the " harvest " will run only on configured apps if the setting lettuce _ apps is set
wrap a function so that it only returns data if user has all scopes
return the number of months and seconds from an aggregation dict that represents a date and time .
tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode .
updates a context in place from a xontrib .
get radius complex for xmlelement .
creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
inner covariance matrix for hac for panel data no denominator nobs used no reference for this , just accounting for time indices
decrypt a secret key with the provided private rsa key .
delete container directly from the container server .
set package in hold state , meaning it will not be upgraded .
compiles a replacement template escape sequence .
this function is used as a wrapper to segment - based audio feature extraction and classifier training .
reconstruct the path through the queue with lowest penalty .
resource events are plugged with the transactions of pyramid _ tm .
remove user from switch . .
puts ( ) should print unicode output without a stream encoding
get segment path default .
return the ovs port name for the given port id .
write the ctf compensation data into a fif file .
delete a pool
interface to the systems file command .
returns a string identifying the compiler used for compiling
test to reveal bug of invalid liveness when infinite loop has multiple backedge .
get the comment app as defined in the settings
a decorator for wrapping functions in a log exception and ignore try - except block .
convert a nanosecond - precision timestamp to a native datetime .
try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
return specified args from ~ / . plotly _ credentials .
simple args to unicode conversion and concatenation .
get a list of tags for a specific image .
time series forecast
loop through all the actions and destroy the resources that need to be destroyed .
fake assert _ is _ not without message
add a host system to the specified cluster or datacenter in this vmware environment . .
split a pathname into drive / unc sharepoint and relative path specifiers .
create the public key object from a retrieved certificate .
only load if the composer module is available in _ _ salt _ _
truncate a string
checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary .
enable the self - generated certificates by default for self - paced courses .
checks that microversion header is in response .
forces a value to be rendered as a localized value , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
raft a gcode linear move text .
pick most recent error from a dictionary possibly containing step , history , and task interpretations .
read one bem surface .
setup server and clients
returns all possible subsets of the set except the empty set , listed in reversed lexicographical order according to binary representation , so that the case of the fourth root is treated last .
this function takes a gdal spatialreference system and adds its information to the spatial _ ref _ sys table of the spatial backend .
return a dictionary instance with the subplots set in layout .
a demonstration of the shift - reduce parser .
called when the emr command table is being built .
analyze a sound with the sine model inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
copied from caffe to simplify potential import problems .
if the custom authentication header is supplied , put it in the cookie dict so the rest of the session - based auth works as intended
parse an fileinfo record from file upload field _ storage .
add sitedir argument to sys . path if missing and handle . pth files in sitedir
restful crud controller
return metadata persisted with backup object .
creates a new genericdatasetjob
return a forced local path , relative to a directory .
return the class corresponding to the given spatialimp string
adds a message with the success level .
get the value as a complex .
creates a new imageclassificationdatasetjob
this function counts all parameters of all layers below one or more given : class : layer instances , including the layer ( s ) itself .
return the most recent jobs that have executed the named function
change the groups to which the user belongs .
this function checks that the builtin sites registry is consistent with the remote registry .
return dictionaries of articles specific for the given language , or the default one if the language is not known .
write obj into a string as a python literal .
insert the given table of contents into the given document .
make the tagged release commit
recursively compare two configs , writing any needed changes to the update _ config and capturing changes in the changes dict .
override or add a default value .
knowledge category delete
checks if a string is a properly formatted relay fingerprint .
get the description for multiply .
load msgspec into the type dictionary
return a list of the sites datasets and their resources .
returns the set of all nodes that are immediately after the given node .
displays post detail .
fetches the message indexed by [ exploration _ id ] . [ thread _ id ] . [ message _ id ] .
test the behavior of - - editables flag in the list command
main entry point for ansible module execution
load a given file .
gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets .
function - constructor for graphs with shared variables .
normalize the excluded directory list : must be either an absolute path or start with rootpath , otherwise it is joined with rootpath with trailing slash
this method returns available languages localized in locale .
encode a string with base64 .
it should download and not install if requested .
wrapper function for the stop / disable / activate functions
rename the specified lineage to the new name .
view for claiming a user from the x - editable form on a project page .
build sphinx texinfo target .
constructs a dictionary with expansion for $ variable , and optionally for $ .
transform multiple index definitions to composite index records
test importing eeglab . set files
returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred .
renders the storage account container details .
count the number of zero bits on the right hand side .
remove unused cache items assuming the cache directory follows a directory convention : cache _ base - > saltenv - > relpath
returns a list of all assets available in this sandbox
given the stdout output generated by megam when training a model , return a numpy array containing the corresponding weight vector .
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
returns a class object that is a copy of " model " with the specified " attrs " being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
handle svn checkout mission step form and completion
finds required coverage based on a row of the spreadsheet .
print out subunit attachments .
list the functions for all state modules .
split a string using shell - like syntax .
install a python implementation .
checks if the vlan _ interface exists on the esx host .
returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
enable a kapacitor task .
execute a command .
grabs the databaseurl from the firebase config snippet .
test eeglab vs mne _ python infomax code .
writes the desired _ options to the config file .
test dics source power computation
get a point index which has a wide enough angle , most point indexes have a wide enough angle , this is just to make sure .
generate argumentparser instance for the action with the provided metadata object .
compute the sample skewness .
return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations .
generate a ufunc loop function that calls a function given as its data parameter with the specified input and output arguments and return value .
control mavexporer options
remove the hexadecimal id from a python object representation .
polynomial pseudo - remainder in k [ x ] .
import the given name as a module , then walk the stack to determine whether the failure was the module not existing , or some code in the module failing .
evaluates cdf of the exponential distribution with parameter lam .
prepares partial content for safe console output
return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus .
sets the modules error - message filters .
template settings for ifrc mena 4w portal
the same when f returns a list of numbers
return the statuses of a resources tasks .
unload from launchd on os x .
retrieve memory information .
mounts attack against target on iface .
add a given container name and type to the hosts .
parse blkid output .
byte - compile all modules in the given directory tree .
calculates a pearson correlation coefficient and the p - value for testing non - correlation .
returns the order of a given differential equation with respect to func .
add bottom loop to loops .
handle a rpc call .
given the path ( to a conda installed file ) return the environment prefix in which the file in located
update the attributes of a group .
explode the opts into a preloads list
extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
add the directory to the system path in the index location
find shortest weighted paths and lengths from a source node .
when creating a draft in reply to a thread , set the in - reply - to and
a decorator for wrapping a function and automatically handles caching its return value , as well as returning that cached value for subsequent calls to the same function , with the same parameters , within a given request .
the view that show details of each document
replace tabs by spaces
morph source estimate between subjects using a precomputed matrix .
updates a uri with new query parameters .
create a single baremetal server from a data dict .
given an identity pool name ,
creates a new table in the given database from the given xml - string .
read a raw emote and parse it into an intermediary format for distributing to all observers .
deploy latest version of the project .
suffix array of a string t
filter config parsed from a setup . cfg to inject our defaults .
generate a new filename for a file upload field ; delete the previously uploaded file .
returns the cidr of a subnet based on an ip address and optional netmask .
delete a vm . .
json request to zabbix api .
executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
get the list of network interfaces .
returns an exog array with correlations determined by cor _ length .
backend function to compute mellin transforms .
return true if provided address has an interface identifier part created in modified eui - 64 format .
copy a plain file .
stack sparse matrices vertically .
change the users full name
adds additional args to allow the vm uuid to be set .
returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in a and b .
return a dict of differences between two model instances
filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file .
check if two images are identical .
issue an sql query to sqlite3 , usually used to modify the database in some way
show the contents of a tarball .
compute least - squares solution to equation ax = b .
get a value from the etcd service
if self closed version of non - void cdata elements like are present , the html5 parsing algorithm treats all following data as cdata
first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely .
leave a riak cluster . .
determine if the address is shortened .
return rate per second from delta of cur _ time - last _ update , update last _ val
return the series expansion for an integral curve of the field .
creates a tag in git via dulwich calls :
e - mail verification mails are sent : a ) explicitly : when a user signs up b ) implicitly : when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e - mail while email _ verification is mandatory .
return a list of all the available locations / datacenters in this vmware environment
ansible oc module for services
parses an editable requirement into : - a requirement name - an url - extras - editable options
deregister instances with an elb .
decides where to write the stream .
attempt to import an optional dependency .
intended for internal delete calls , this method is not rate limited , authentication is not checked , pre - request events are not raised , and concurrency checking is optional .
parse the data from a window - change request into usuable data .
this is a monkey patch for os . getppid .
creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a
limit response document to minimize bandwidth when client supports it .
parse the given version string and return either a : class : version object or a : class : legacyversion object depending on if the given version is a valid pep 440 version or a legacy version .
return a style object of the appropriate | basestyle | subclass , according to the type of * style _ elm * .
resets service state
generates a random bitlist of length n .
returns svn log for an svn transaction .
returns the 0 - based current column .
broadcast given variables .
emulate the behaviour of make _ node when op is a function .
gets date from the date input string .
get the default hyperparameters .
gets the version from googleads / common . py .
an html escape function that behaves the same in both python 2 and 3 .
return list of tuples .
determine if a hash fields exists .
remove an existing software group .
return a dict that is ready to be stored to hbase
generate a uuid from the sha - 1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
parses svn + URL # egg = foobar into a requirement and a url
load the grammar .
run it as a matlab function .
set a trace function for all threads started from the threading module .
decorator that rolls back all open connections after fn execution .
return an iterator that returns a chunk of a string every time it is called .
returns a tuple of tiers for a given device in ascending order by length .
return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head
step 4 strips - ant , - ent etc .
run psea and return output filename .
configures the template filters .
decorator for the execution of ipmi command .
return a fully configured dnf base object .
generate a long random password that comply to linode requirements
decodes a modified utf - 7 mailbox name .
make markdown extension .
return a redis server object
calculate the version number for a new release of twisted based on the previous version number .
test automatic legend placement
executed during django startup
transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
get a fileformatroot for each shard .
given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path ( such as the return value of : func : pyramid . traversal . resource _ path or
add or subtract days from a yyyy - mm - dd
runs auditors on all items
compute scalings for each channel type automatically .
comments and likes / dislikes box for an object
fast genbank to fasta .
run vulture over the given files .
get the project root directory
validate and return an integer for option of type bytes
encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart / form - data mime format .
search imdb using a an identifier , return a list of cached search results .
generates sub - navigation entries for the current dashboard .
download and install the latest version of the chocolatey package manager via the official bootstrap .
clear all layer names in set _ keep [ _ layers _ name _ list ] , enable layer name reuse .
return the set of errors raised by the ftp class .
deserialize s to a python object .
context manager to activate an existing conda environment .
converts object " what " to unicode string using its own _ _ str _ _ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise .
pushd changes the actual working directory for the duration of the context , unlike the _ cwd arg this will work with other built - ins such as sh . glob correctly
get media descriptors user _ data .
dual purpose locking : ( a ) flock to avoid multiple process access ( b ) block signal handler to avoid ctrl + c while writing yaml
set up the global _ config variable by loading all configuration variables from the given module list .
determine whether the given unix socket path is in a filesystem namespace .
fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and language and installs it as the current translation object for the current thread .
look in root , for any files / dirs matching glob , recurively traversing any found directories looking for files ending with ext
queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request .
returns a list of the view plugins associated with the given view _ types .
do an online check for the latest version
feedforward pass through gru
get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist .
converts time in seconds to a string representation .
train networks using three different values for the learning rate , and store the cost curves in the file multiple _ eta . json , where they can later be used by make _ plot .
run sanity checks that dont depend on info from the zone / record .
gather info on unknown image ( s ) uuid : string optional uuid of image
wrapper around subprocess to log . debug commands .
create an iis application .
distance transform for chamfer type of transforms .
computes the squared l2 norm of a tensor
directory tree walk with callback function .
generate an input file for tadm based on the given corpus of classified tokens .
a simple replacement for the flash hello view function .
parses the cli arguments and creates sections out of it .
convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
parse a wikipedia article , returning its content as a list of tokens .
get sensor readings
drops all tables in the db unless their name is in keep _ tables .
deserialize a stream or string of yaml data .
pointer : times type _ qualifier _ list
expand the toplevel macros for the tree .
read content types .
finds the period , in seconds of an audioclip .
test maxwell filter spatiotemporal processing .
get matrixsvg by transformwords .
checks whether groupacl rules allow user to have given permission .
get the arounds from the points .
returns the status of a process instance .
configure logging based on options .
returns a dictionary of fieldname - > infodict for the given table , where each infodict is in the format : { primary _ key : boolean representing whether its the primary key , unique : boolean representing whether its a unique index }
creates a new resource view .
unmarshall a datetime dict .
this function stubs out execute .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
convolution 3d transpose .
delete an existing draft for the user .
import an ecc key .
right - aligns the value in a field of a given width .
signup of an account .
sets the parameters of the model using the weights stored in model _ file
finds elements in only one or the other of two , sorted input lists .
perform a substitution on a task
replace all special characters found in assertion _ value by quoted notation .
return a somewhat - helpful data type given a function name
execute optional pre and post methods around the decorated function .
keep the num _ votes _ past _ week value accurate .
returns true if g is a branching .
builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to each adgroup .
get the url for the " approve this comment from moderation " view .
retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server .
decode a quoted - printable string .
return a list of the groups that the user is authorized to edit .
returns the difference between the running config and the candidate config .
get bandwidth usage information for the instance for the specified audit period .
returns the boundary expansion of the set s .
converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring .
loads additional units for zen editor .
reads a file on disk , returning a corresponding http status and data .
persist an arbitrary python object into one file .
site - wide garbage collections .
update metadata if it exists , otherwise create it .
helper to get / create a new project .
compresses and pickles given object to the given filename .
get the voters of an object .
an implementation of l - bfgs , heavily inspired by minfunc
get the float value of a preference , returns 0 . 0 if the preference is not a invalid float
save a dictionary to the specified location
return a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g .
find and return a list of orphaned instances .
converts basestring to sys _ encoding , fallback encoding is forced utf - 8
computes multivariate guass - checbychev quadrature nodes and weights .
build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
construct a model subclass corresponding to a message subclass .
ensure that the named service is present .
ensures that the named port exists on bridge , eventually deletes it .
setup the ohmconnect sensor .
return 2d equation of line in the form ax + by + c = 0
returns a timedelta object , or none
take action on user logout .
returns xlsx representation of dataset .
serialize processed xhtml .
wraps the results of rendering an xblockaside view in a standard with identifying data so that the appropriate javascript module can be loaded onto it .
generate the initial , first order , and second order transition probabilities for probability0 .
listen for download events to download files .
hellinger distance is a distance metric to quantify the similarity between two probability distributions .
get a vpc resource based on resource type and name or id .
sets a cmake variable .
returns a list of available aggregate function names .
get the string .
use iterative procedure to compute the psd from tapered spectra .
returns a defaultdict , where each input item is in the list whose key is key _ fn
customize req _ req fields for the home page & datalist view - this assumes simple requests
parse a iso 8601 formatted string to a python datetime . . .
creates the inception v4 network up to the given final endpoint .
tokenizes a tgrep search string into separate tokens .
a helper method to generate the messages to parse
apply f to all expressions in an expression tree from the bottom up .
clones an existing security group .
extract a simple kroneckerdelta from the expression .
just try and crack this cipher .
decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection .
splits the str given and returns a properly stripped list of the comma separated values .
gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value , whose name is defined by the as clause .
get current environment and add pythonpath .
makes the conversion between number and bits
compile vm diagnostics data .
create a fake options object for testing .
add key - value pairs to d only if key is not in d .
swap the order of the words in source bitstring
test the infomax algorithm on very simple data .
create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution .
parameters type : string 1 .
extract urls that will be hot links from a piece of raw markdown .
helper for ast traversal .
convert a string into an osc blob , returning a tuple .
allocate data in memory or in memmap for preloading .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
returns a list of existing usage plans , optionally filtered to match a given plan name . .
check that all required services are running
get config from a nonexistent ~ / . cookiecutterrc file
decrypts url - safe base64 encoded ciphertext .
escapes markdown - sensitive characters across whole document sections .
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
copy a file from source to destination
show the details from the provider concerning an instance
create bcache cache on a block device .
writes out a pem string fixing any formatting or whitespace issues before writing .
check reference leak .
move up or down the stack
parse html or xml readable .
interpret a list of strings as network [ : vlan _ begin : vlan _ end ] entries .
run all maintenance tasks which should be done daily - these are read from the template
creates a statentry .
creates proper emailaddress for the user that was just signed up .
called when the editor saves its contents
create a new instance fault .
read pillar data from http response .
structured dot is like dot , except that only the gradient wrt non - zero elements of the sparse matrix a are calculated and propagated .
returns the estimated population standard error of the values in the passed array .
create a float out of its string parts .
gets current vpn status .
this is meant to be a strict comparison for exact agreement . . .
test text displayed by the widget .
seconds since a given timestamp .
builds the config logic for load _ config and load _ template functions .
create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line .
this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
validate the beacon configuration
returns all templates for enabled modules , grouped by descriptor type
gets the name of this source version .
turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely .
gradient magnitude using a provided gradient function .
sync apps with virtualenv .
mark the current thread as responsible for i / o requests .
wrapper for cp . cache _ file which raises an error if the file was unable to be cached .
for this proxy shutdown is a no - op
copy the source location hint from the old to the new node if possible and return the new one .
authentication and ciphering response section 9 . 4 . 10
walk class hierarchy , yielding most derived classes first .
replace all of the instance tags with specified list of tags .
helps debug deadlocks by printing stacktraces when this gets a sigquit
get the area of a list of complex polygons .
generate a coincidence matrix .
test listing a backup - list latest on an empty prefix .
extract multi - byte integer in motorola format .
test writing freesurfer parcellation from labels
if pyflakes is installed , run it across the given package name returning any warnings found .
describe a dynamodb table .
place any commands to setup ckan here
some ipython tests . . .
removes all non oauth parameters from a dict or a list of params .
simple sequences for hl0b .
opens and returns coords location matrix and metadata .
only work on posix - like systems
build manylinux wheels with matthew bretts manylinux - builds
poll cpu usage , make predictions , and plot the results .
return the mimetype of a file that was uploaded .
find and import a plugin module so that it can be registered .
this is mainly to fix the return code inversion from grep
greatest common divisor .
reload the firewall rules , which makes the permanent configuration the new runtime configuration without losing state information .
frees the list of available audio outputs .
strips and replaces the doctype , returns rss _ version may be rss091n or none stripped _ data is the same xml document with a replaced doctype
a method to make one - level key objects .
read rich text , discarding formatting if not disallowed
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
take a model class or model label and return its model label .
convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string
generate a random sample of rois comprising foreground and background examples .
return the textual representation of logging level level .
given a filename , do whatever possible to return a module object matching that file .
parses a list of " plugin specs " and returns a list of plugin names .
validates the json file to be imported for schema correctness
select the * k * worst individuals among the input * individuals * .
decorator for request handlers to gain authentication via oauth .
parse a string starting at position start in data .
pop an item from the graph that has the fewest dependencies in the case of a tie
a utility for converting a string of the form x : y z ; y : z into a dict mapping variables to their neighbors .
return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g .
generate random samples from a gaussian distribution .
upload a yaml or json file as an artifact to the datastore .
hacky parsing of params
runs the download and conversion operation .
attempt to arrange words into a letter - grid with the specified number of rows and columns .
list the files that belong to a package .
write a png file
only load if rabbitmq is installed .
return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about group _ id .
compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones .
generate a cert for passwordless auth for user in project .
intercepts blob download key and rewrites response with large download .
return attribute of all instances in the named autoscale group .
convert mapping to xml fail _ required affects the last parameter of the mapping field when its parameter is set to none .
return the first configured instance .
rotate the points .
get coordinator properties from coordinator xml
specifically invoke p4 as the system command .
unregister class instrumentation .
test that astropy core objects in meta are serialized .
return a shuffled copy of y eventually shuffle among same labels .
parses a byte string into component parts
the smallest multiple of k which is > = n .
print current twitter api rate limit status .
loop until all the statuses for the target pull request are green .
collects all the information needed for the database
solution of kkt equations by a dense ldl factorization of the 3 x 3 system .
performs gamma correction on the input image .
list all hbas for each host system ; or all hbas for a specified host system ; or hbas of specified type for each host system ; or hbas of specified type for a specified host system in this vmware environment . .
check substitution of url .
patch the documentation to replace vault / name / version by keyvaultid .
unsets the logging callback for a libvlc instance .
write ros handshake header header to socket sock
this is a backwards compatibility function .
set resource quota usage .
remove files from filesystem
return a dict containing the file lists for files , dirs , emtydirs and symlinks
a customized cache key function
saves the serialized auth token in the datastore .
trigger alternatives to set the path for as specified by priority .
get matrixsvg by transformwords .
sync output modules from salt : / / _ output to the master saltenv : base
convert an id column in primary table to string type uuids .
searching for special words using the grep tool grep is used to speed up the searching and counting
create a list of tuples after we know the locale since this attempts to concatenate two lazy translations in constants file .
fill * size * bytes starting from * ptr * with * value * .
load name mappings encoded in command - line arguments .
given telemetry log , get a series of wpts approximating the previous flight
resolve current jinja2 context and store it for general consumption .
sets the device to be used for new streams being created .
attempt to normalize filenames by removing common platform outliers .
construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph .
return symbolic gradients for one or more variables with respect to some cost .
decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin
round or extend the fraction to size digs .
returns the description of the url error code
construct a sparse matrix containing the thresholded row - wise correlation matrix from a data array .
listing of allocated elastic ip addresses .
return decorator that adapts to rgb images to a gray - scale filter .
return split _ fasta _ on _ sample _ ids as { sample _ id : [ , ] , } seqs : pairs , as generated by parse _ fasta
reload the named service
check if user is a coach on this ccx .
return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs .
helper function to format and quote a single header parameter .
use nltks currently recommended named entity chunker to chunk the given list of tagged tokens .
simple function to check if the fcntl module is available or not .
returns a new dict that has callable values replaced with the return values .
retrieves stats for kinds .
decorator to allow cors for get requests
when a user logs out , update the access log
to maintain the feel of the nova command line , this function simply calls the server _ list function .
colour - coding of statuses
return a list of existing figure numbers .
return the library and contract names in order of appearence .
notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval
converts a pil image instance to a numpy array .
stop the named service .
parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body
get the uid and user name .
enables a given time zone just for this block .
get a jittered loop path .
interpretation of closed expressions in a first - order model .
get messages for an object .
manage a dell chassis .
map the servers multiple status strings to list of vm states and list of task states .
ensure a specific configuration line does not exist in the running config name config line to remove
return a dynamic segment for the filters provided if one exists .
clean out well - known bogus values .
configure blueprints in views .
only works on windows systems with the pki powershell module installed .
return a context suitable for testing the permissions module
resets password for email to password .
upload the given code to the named lambda function .
this function is called to check if a username / password combination is valid .
return augeas path for full filepath .
encode a name as url safe characters .
count the number of items in seq
list the quotas for a quota class .
return corners from a harris response image min _ dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary .
test adding distances to source space
ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies .
return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings .
returns module object , on error raises verbose exception with name and url .
return a list of label of segmented volumes included in the src space .
retrieve a list of the pids of child processes of the given pid .
get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
get text from the clipboard .
return the slug for use in url for given list name .
returns the installed business segment
adjust panel spans to take up the available width .
expect a tuple .
remove generated files , then wikify the file comments .
removes all translations in the queue .
same as above , but with a custom scope
given a uri , return a location object that has had an appropriate store parse the uri .
clip a gcode linear move file .
restful crud controller
restful crud controller
restful crud controller
return a clipped comma - separated representation of the list .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding python object .
check if the remote exists and has the branch version .
return an optimized list of providers .
sphinx role for linking to a user profile .
add requirements to given course .
get the repository constructor .
get the maximum age of the password
restful crud controller
setup lirc capability .
compute the total size of a vdi chain , starting with the specified
checks whether user can delete dictionary for given project .
only load if boto libraries exist .
look for something named exename or exename + " . py " .
create new handlers map .
sends notification through aws ses .
tests retrieving a single object using the api .
rewrite the assertions in f , run it , and get the failure message .
skip collect progress report when working on non - terminals .
sets your preferred format for time .
converts from one of the stata date formats to a type in type _ map
convert a number field to a python number .
checks if were running python 2 . 7 or above .
solve a polynomial inequality with rational coefficients .
helper function that returns an open file object for a resource , given its resource url .
setup the scsgate cover .
read in custom numeric formatting rules from the shared style table
a check that tests that a given value is a float , and optionally - that it is between bounds .
all of all of the " extra " package data files collected by the package _ files and package _ path functions in setup . py .
convert ndarray to sparse format
apply changes in | chunks | to the buffer - like object | buffer | .
return plugin meta - data .
visualize the embeddings by using t - sne .
determine if a square around the x and y pixel coordinates is occupied .
get whether or not the keyboard should be disabled when the x serve enclosure lock is engaged .
a type into which we can safely deposit streaming data .
load a python module from its absolute filesystem path
create dictionaries with both the default and user - defined variables .
read a number of samples for a single channel .
create a new translation of a wiki document .
return the active window for the current application
get a location for downloads .
returns a sql statement which is ordered according to the order .
process will execute with lower cpu priority
fetch the list of file names from s3 .
get a data member from a parent using a jmespath search query , loading the parent if required .
helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
convert request object to a dict .
decorator for marking context dependent filters .
returns the xml for a given vm
queries the table looking for null instances of the given column .
log history of snatch
transform the exception for the image but keep its traceback intact .
helper for classes with attributes initialized by keyword arguments .
change a hex color to an rgb tuple
utility method to flatten a nested list ( l ) into a single list .
fix the given uris embedded credentials by round - tripping with
make a valuation from a list of relation metadata bundles and dump to persistent database .
generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform / compiler combination .
finds the smallest node in the subtree
determine metaclass from 1 + bases and optional explicit _ _ metaclass _ _
test if a string is printable .
return the package id for the given package name or id .
apply patch to geonode db
given a sequence of tuples , yields each key with an increasing rank , tying with previous keys rank if the difference between their scores is less than rank _ gap .
construct a cacheable dict of account info based on response headers .
tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
returns the server version properly parsed and int casted for internal use .
disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get / get _ all and similar methods .
get the x axis label depending on the boolean epoch _ axis .
create a metadata - schema tag or raise if it already exists .
display minor ticks on the current plot .
convert a 24 bit bitmap into the modified internal format used by windows .
converts a timetuple , integer or datetime object into the seconds from epoch in utc .
test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm .
extract localizable strings from sources
optimize slices 1 .
allows you to put a highlighted source code block in your code .
create new results instance with robust covariance as default
decodes a possible utf - 8 encoded string value to unicode .
return file size as string from byte size .
evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval
a function that mocks storage . open and throws an ioerror if you try to open a 128x128px icon .
prepare one image for evaluation .
check class _ weights resemble sample _ weights behavior .
construct a zfs command which will output the names of the snapshots of the given filesystem .
similar to str . format , but passes all arguments through conditional _ escape , and calls mark _ safe on the result .
something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes .
the skew - symmetric cross product of a vector .
construct a client endpoint from a description string .
a generator function to decode a datastream .
align images rigidly and save as new images .
add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
create a class object dynamically using the appropriate metaclass .
generic entry point for translating , suggesting and searching .
sets the client object instance to use for all module - level methods .
ensure that connections to localhost are allowed , since these are genuinely not remotedata .
check that autoincrementing ids dont contain zeroes
return the title in the normal " the title " format ; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles , but only the title portion , without year [ / imdbindex ] or special markup .
ajax request to log in the user .
create a gce network .
removes an user .
helper method to shell out and execute a command through subprocess with optional retry .
this generator scans the device registry for com ports and yields .
retrieve the unit of measure from a name
gets rank from singular values with cut - off at a given tolerance
construct a list of paths from path data .
entry point for starting an http git server .
passed a string , will return a dict mapping language : string , suitable to be assigned to the value of a translatedfield .
detects if the code is running in the app engine environment .
lookup fasta recs for ids and record to file ids - - list of ids to lookup seqs for in infile infile - - path to fasta file outfile - - base path to which to write fasta entries with ids in supplied ids suffix - - will be appended to outfile base path
encode the given pdf name
list all nictags include _ etherstubs : boolean toggle include of etherstubs
deserializes a token string from the datastore back into a token object .
checks if an object is an image object .
returns a list of topic trees for courseware - linked topics .
computes the chebyshev distance .
returns the text from a query node .
returns the manager for managing block structures for the given course .
given an email address , returns the initial password for that account , as created by populate _ db .
pure - python murmur2 implementation .
returns a list of matching users
policy description is always returned as a json string .
a simple wrapper around subprocess calls .
unzip single zip set zipfile to extraction _ path
inverse of escape .
return results of pip command to get packages .
takes a command to be passed to subprocess . popen and runs it .
produce the model for a service
create a new , empty database
set the function for converting json data for a connection .
run the commit hook of the given name .
accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels .
check http response status is expected .
search and return a setting in a known order : 1 .
instructs chocolatey to add a source .
return list of unique attributes , including inherited , for object .
return the content type for filename in format appropriate for content - type headers , or none if the file type is unknown to mimetypes .
watch salts event bus and block until the given tag is matched . .
configure the default output state to generate output in
return true if thing is callable .
get the url for the " delete this comment " view .
checks if a python package or module is importable .
return the admin urls for the comment app used .
gets the sitelinks from a feed .
returns searcher with boosts applied
wrapper around django render to extend context
install pyload into the virtualenv
updates against document , if partial amount splits into rows
helper function for normal _ order : normal order a multiplication expression with bosonic or fermionic operators .
compute the product .
delete old documentspamattempt . data , which contains pii .
attempts to read the width and height of a video file , first using mediainfo and then enzyme , and then a custom avi reader
build a residual network and initialize a zero flow .
completes module names and contents for " import . . . " and " from . . .
convert correlation matrix to covariance matrix given standard deviation
displays usage information , available command line params .
capture the output of sys . stderr : with captured _ stderr ( ) as stderr : print self . assertequal ( stderr . getvalue ( ) , " hello
call an http server with authorization credentials using urllib2 .
generate a uuid from a host id , sequence number , and the current time .
get a paginator , abstracting some common paging actions .
delete a vpc peering connection .
logical _ or _ expression : logical _ and _ expression
runs doctests in all * . py files in the sympy directory which match any of the given strings in paths or all tests if paths = [ ] .
this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up
returns true if the running systems terminal supports color , and false otherwise .
return a list of locations
parseauthorization will convert the value of the authorization key in the http header to a map itself .
imitates get _ normal _ name in tokenizer . c .
given an arff attribute value , returns its type .
simplify combinatorial expressions .
returns the name of the db based on the path to the socket file .
attempt to find the peaks in a 1 - d array .
extract the raw traceback from the current stack frame .
creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . argv
get a list of the values in a square around the point .
set git symbolic ref into head .
remove entries without a regex or sufficient fields .
check that the station id is well - formed .
restart the container .
returns true if folder is hidden .
this function implements the shor - term windowing process .
return a byte string version of unic encoded using the file system encoding .
return a permutation function .
removes the custom type declaration .
checkout the ext _ pillar sources and compile the resulting pillar sls
bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
coerces integer to timedelta if delta is an integer .
returns the first word in line and the rest of line or none if the line is too short .
identify values of special angles .
replace api - version specific endpoint tables with one based on v2 .
return true if there exists a negative edge cycle anywhere in g .
track the stream
get the log message for a given commit hash
split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern , returning a list containing the resulting substrings .
a strategy to generate more than 1 unique deployments that are related .
calculate a tree hash checksum .
get list of available packages
fix ridiculously small resource limits .
create a new - style network ala opf and return it .
expands the stride spec into a length 4 list .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
selection _ statement : if lparen expression rparen statement
setup argument parsing .
create ha1 hash by realm , username , password
return system object or fail
optimize by reducing the number of multiplications and / or divisions .
wait until the element has disappeared
get the instrument with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
return a list of property names for file fn in directory root .
cheezy fake test for proper identifier - ness .
checks whether user can add dictionary for given project .
basic lstm recurrent network cell , with 2d convolution connctions .
context manager that acquires a lock on the parent directory of the given file path .
given a set value and type , get its payload structure .
create a list of image . images for use in montage
load our lh settings and update our cert .
check that cybersource has accepted the payment params : a dictionary of post parameters returned by cybersource in their post - payment callback returns : true if the payment was correctly accepted , for the right amount false if the payment was not accepted raises : ccprocessordataexception if the returned message did not provide required parameters
return os name from eol characters
check the type of an object .
returns a c { dict } containing meta data based on the supplied class , useful for class aliasing .
computes signal energy of frame
returns an httpresponseredirect to the appropriate url for the arguments passed .
lookup the error code description , if not available throw a value error
write the relationships xml .
test whether an object is an instance of int .
sends a head request .
convert an integer into a string of bytes , compute its sha - 1 hash , and convert the result to an integer .
return a dictionary of the metadata of the specified volume .
return the translation local to this thread , or the default .
converts the input color string and returns a # rrggbb string
expression : minus expression % prec uminus
aux function to define time as the last training time point .
decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process .
a sane implementation of os . path . normpath .
always use / as path separator for consistency
computes the maximum of two sets of expressions f and g , which are in the same comparability class , i . e . max ( ) compares f and g and returns either [ if f is larger ] , [ if g is larger ] or [ if f , g are of the same class ] .
get the skypename of the currently logged in user .
step through csw results , and if one seems to be a wms or arc rest service then register it
return the list of all available template tag modules .
return resident memory usage in bytes .
performs a permission check with the given signature , user and objects and assigns the result to a context variable .
returns a new array of given shape and dtype , filled with zeros .
make one string from sequence of strings , with whitespace in between .
if versioning is being used then we pass any reverse calls through to the versioning scheme instance , so that the resulting url can be modified if needed .
quote a single character .
human resource rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
search for _ sa _ instrument _ role - decorated methods in method resolution order , assign to roles .
command : let variable equals error
tests units multistringwidget decompresses string values .
create a stable dataset id for a dataset given its name .
used for service discovery which only works for unix
a shorthand for format _ list ( extract _ stack ) .
the equations of this type are . .
get endpoint segments from the x intersection indexes .
helper function for adjusting onsets in relation to raw data .
opens the client , getting potential approval tokens .
returns registered exporter
integration of hyperexponential polynomials .
convenience function for returning a topic / content node with limited fields
forces or prevents localization of values , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one .
restful crud controller for dynamic table models
return byte strings for all items .
returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products .
return the recommended scale factor and si prefix string for x .
add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any .
initialize session object .
test that the plugin renders a product
helper that takes the dictionary output from the methods in logformatter and adapts it into a tuple of positional arguments for logger . log calls , handling backward compatibility as well .
create a new figure manager instance
open the specified url , using http basic authentication to provide the specified credentials to the server as part of the request .
return the content of the file with normalized line feeds .
present stimulus drifting in a given direction where : direction = + 1 or - 1
parse a i [ . f ] seconds value into .
prepare an osd
extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics .
convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message
the backend function for inverse laplace transforms .
read a reply from the daemon , calling the appropriate application callback .
pluralize term when n is greater than one .
tailored instrumentation wrappers for any list - like class .
fire the fake pilight message .
verifies the provided otp for the user by comparing it to one generated right now , with successive checks both going forward and backwards in time to cover timeout range .
constructs a numpy array of objects
check variance accounted for by each component in supplied data .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
merge two filter lists into one .
identify the image in data .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
start worker process .
extend parameters of facts module with parameters which are common to all ovirt facts modules .
truncates sequences to base position specified with base _ pos fasta _ seqs : dict of seq label : seq string qual _ scores : dict of seq label : numpy array of int scores base _ pos : index in sequence to truncate at
create a preferences file , which can be used for some of the visualization scripts .
returns a regular expression string to match the given non - bmp range .
check if a number is prime .
helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression , that is , it looks for a repeat of a previous expression .
list all registered views
context in which the ptk multiline functionality will be tested .
create a dict with information about the model
list all osd journal partitions by partition
split a / - delimited path into a directory part and a basename .
pack image data for a wm / picture tag .
returns feedback as a dictionary for a certain match
given one result from mapbox , a country , and an optional region , return a city object or none .
ask the os for an open port
check if st3 based on python version
this decorator defines _ _ unicode _ _ method and fixes _ _ repr _ _ and _ _ str _ _ methods under python 2 .
generate the salt - thin tarball and print the location of the tarball
given a valid config , create a new version of a policy .
setup the rfxtrx platform .
returns a list of - tuples for the given list of terms .
generate a new value for the private key x .
generates n - th swinnerton - dyer polynomial in x .
determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
the available version of the package in the repository .
executes the view for the requested action .
normalize an image by rescale , samplewise centering and samplewise centering in order .
strategy for canonicalization
make an object for testing and assign some members .
build loss function .
turns on xkcd _ sketch - style drawing mode .
returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database
a decorator to limit a function to timeout seconds , raising timeouterror if it takes longer .
wrap a functor to transfer context .
return the number of instances that are set for the given module version .
write a 32 - bit integer tag to a fif file .
get complex from prefix and xml element .
applies a 3d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
send reply for request .
return the proxy configured base url .
for different user use different view
a simple view that returns the request data in the context
get vector of symbols local to this module
toggle the logger of a module
return true if attached console window is visible
returns true if there is a chance for isomorphism .
check that the value is a list of integers .
full barriers between each step
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
returns an httpresponse with html content for the xblock with the given usage _ key .
wrapper around vm _ stat cmdline utility .
write the exported version of a gcode file .
warn if dependencies arent met .
convert s to int or raise
return the number of new activities in the users dashboard .
adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . path list .
separates out the parameters from the content _ type and returns both in a tuple
helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . t * a * x
start the mqtt protocol service .
read labels from a freesurfer annotation file .
returns a draft of the text of the body for an email sent immediately following a moderator action .
checks if the target system has enough free space to copy or move a file .
get the cutting craft sequence .
validates check influencing flags .
add color of the given hue to an rgb image .
set an option for a certain task id
for this proxy shutdown is a no - op
check the return code of the given command .
l1 - penalized covariance estimator
helper to look up a model from an " app _ label . module _ name " string .
return a list of all enabled services
convert strings to unicode objects .
return a url string consisting of the anonymous redirect url and an arbitrary number of values appended .
makes a secure stub for an rpc service .
ignore deprecation warnings for the wrapped testcase or test method
ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface , then release the socket and return the address which was allocated .
unpack the data to a usable format .
split an iterator into chunks with n elements each .
returns the url to the certificate web view .
get a new mouse tool .
test that environment variables in activate . d show up when activated
if the view specified by context and name is protected by a : term : permission , check the permission associated with the view using the effective authentication / authorization policies and the request .
gather details from installed distributions .
monkey patch for fieldstorage . _ _ repr _ _
get all data for an existing event .
list of nodes , keeping only a brief listing
function generator for escaping special characters
adapt data to chart type
return a generator of nodes in topologically sorted order .
split string apart into utf - 8 encoded words using shell syntax
the equations are given as . .
test whether points on a specified grid are inside a polygon .
contributors across the site .
simple write to file
match the text against an action and return the action reference .
helper to create summaries for activations .
a method that can be substituted in as the load method in a
convert common yes / no strings into boolean values .
marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
delete the datastore storage file at the given path .
get the one - line summary out of a module file .
safely wrap text to a certain number of characters .
a helper wrapper for for _ range _ slice ( ) .
check if bracket is lowercase .
generate a unique blob key .
used to insert chunks of code into modules before transfer rather than doing regular python imports .
make an rpc - safe datetime with microseconds .
escape table cell contents .
creates a machine on the virtualbox hypervisor
remove pixel from the pixel table .
expected inclusion _ params _ and _ context _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
exec arbitrary code to set sys . path for instance
simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array _ like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete , no return , not used yet
plot posterior densities in style of john k .
returns a sort key which will sort by timestamp .
create an rdf parser that does not support general entity expansion , remote or local .
convert ascii table format spec to record format spec .
restores a index value to the correct datastore type .
load only on minions that have the win _ smtp _ server module .
download and extract libzmq
return the set of files which have been installed into a given prefix .
converts a python object into a string representation respecting the
migrate forwards all the data for the foreignkey curator to the m2m field curators .
show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table .
try to get a relative path from from _ file to to _ file .
test that singular versions of linecollection props raise an
make sure the keys in fieldset dictionaries are strings .
delete an organization .
restful controller for outcomes
download a web page to a file .
get new repository .
return the configuration of a network interface
list all connected minions on a salt - master
make a preference table to load as node attributes for cytoscape .
take the maximum of a list of : class : . layoutdimension instances .
list all the currently supported language prefixes .
split a path into an array of path components , using the file separator thats appropriate for the underlying operating system .
clear all regions .
creates an image memory from an object exporting the array interface .
list tags of a trail
get a set of evenly spaced colors in husl hue space .
add a 1 - sized dimension at index " dim " .
decorate djangos - social - auth views .
e step of the k - means em algorithm .
controller to store a new set of demographic data which has been input direct into the gui
return true if name contains any extension in lst
returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results , given a particular drilldown .
wrap running python script in a subprocess .
pure python nms baseline .
unfinished and incomplete mainly copy past dummy _ product dummy variable from product of two dummy variables
create astroid for a living class object , with a given set of base names
returns permissions for given user and object pair , as list of strings , only those assigned directly for the user .
create a subnetpool .
save a collection to file system
converts hsv tuple on mage scale to rgb on 0 - 255 scale
stop a droplet in digitalocean .
runs the development application server .
setup the flux lights .
convert a value or list into a list of dicts
local threshold of an image .
set the system date / time using the date command
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user _ id .
add a new user desktop icon to the desktop
deflationary fastica using fun approx to neg - entropy function
this tests for the file read and write operations
persist a ssh key on local filesystem .
log theanos diagnostic stack trace for an exception raised by raise _ with _ op .
for classes that was fixed with @ python _ 2 _ unicode _ compatible unicode _ repr returns obj . unicode _ repr ( ) ; for unicode strings the result is returned without " u " letter ; for other variables it is the same as repr .
for critical error output to stderr .
create a randomly constructred tree that is fairly balanced
get a github user by name .
takes a multi - line string and does the following : - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace
configures logging to pipe to sentry .
estimate noise covariance matrix from a continuous segment of raw data .
warn if dependencies arent met .
register a process handler for the given pid , in case l { reapallprocesses } is called .
generate the code tarball and return the hg revision .
the restful handler for cohort requests .
see if using fftconvolve or _ correlatend is faster .
normalize aws facts
apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
unenroll a student by email .
hashes a password .
delete the tags from the given bucket
return the courseware module url that the user last accessed , or none if it cannot be found .
converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value .
provides a template that renders a stack trace in an html format , providing an excerpt of code as well as substituting source template filenames , line numbers and code for that of the originating source template , as applicable .
translate one entity to its iso latin value .
check for assertequal ( type ( a ) , b ) sentences
search for labels and return a dict with a label - list key .
setup the rfxtrx platform .
raise an appropriate exception if the result is an error .
a naive rotation function .
return the b - smooth and b - power smooth values of n .
establish event listeners on object attributes which handle cascade - on - set / append .
write measurement info stored in forward solution .
process elementnode by svgreader .
removes the secure padding from the msg .
parses response body from json , xml or query string .
for compatibility mode with old modules that dont / cant yet use ec2 _ connect method
make the first column of the table non - breaking .
create a selector name
build the query rl for the quandl wiki metadata .
get the arounds from the loop .
set the agl handler where the media player should render its video output .
verify a plaintext signature .
strongly inspired from idlelib . colordelegator . make _ pat
a pre - hook for the subclass
normalizes ipv6 addresses provided in printable format , returning the same address in printable format .
setup the snapcast platform .
append a list of use flags for a given package or depend atom
return the path of the file which should contain old search data for the given base _ name with the given options values
create a nice string " rel _ path / to / file . tex : line " to show the command position to the users .
decodes the return value of it isnt none
return configuration value for the key specified as name argument .
generates url for avatar .
start recording rpc traces .
create a user
convert celsius to kelvin
execute a script from a working directory .
create a new 4096 - bit rsa key pair .
calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix .
append the header / data to fits file if filename exists , create if not .
common sub expression between subexpressions
apply tag filters
create a file system on the specified device .
force local terminal pipe be character , not line , buffered .
return true if the token is surrounded by brackets .
decode compressed / charset http response
returns provided string with symbols & < > " replaced by their respective xml entities .
disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image .
denoise each sample separately
removes a datacenter .
builds the convolution kernel for a specified filter size .
returns a string representation of an object , or a string containing a traceback , if that objects _ _ str _ _ raised an exception .
escape html characters , plus translate none to
send an slack message with the data
try to repair a set , return readd or correctness
incremental direction offsets - > " coordinate offsets "
clear the db contents .
find all of the crypto map entries in the file and print out the children of each crypto map .
train an autoencoder using the mnist training data and plot the results when the first ten mnist test images are passed through the autoencoder .
dump the contents of a form as html .
generic error message handler
include a logout snippet if rest frameworks logout view is in the urlconf .
return a new environ dict for wsgi 1 . x from the given wsgi u . x environ .
sets the system id for the partition .
remove leading and trailing whitespace from strings .
open a fif file .
generates url for a service when deployed to app engine .
decorator for views that tries getting the page from the cache and populates the cache if the page isnt in the cache yet .
creates a column - matrix from multi - dimensional data items in list l .
initiates a multi - send session by creating a new multi - send draft .
find the x , y coordinates of the cip and the cio locator , s .
format a date in a nice human readable way : omit the year if its the current year .
checks if arg is list - like .
github issue # 1256 identified a bug in line . draw method
for each named policy in the policy document , call _ iterate _ over _ statements .
returns a list of ip connections made by the target .
validate the message _ extractors keyword argument to setup ( ) .
return true if reuse _ db is a sensible option for the backend .
select polling backend .
re - evaluate the conditions .
parse a content - type like header .
updates viewpoint metadata .
newegg - searches newegg . com for
return the srpath of the current request .
retrieve the logfile name
remove a repo from filepath
calculates the entropy for a labeling .
copies values from one array to another with broadcasting .
interprets a raw byte string as a variable length encoded number and decodes .
set the name of a slot in a chassis .
add markers for manually defined pois to the list of markers .
get list of files and call processing function .
wrapper to get a brick connector object .
returns a version string for the current package , derived either from git or from a . version file .
returns true if src and probe at least begins till some point .
same as a + = b , for a and b sequences .
assert that two datetimes are about equal .
compute the gcd of two univariate polynomials in mathbb { z } _ p [ x ] .
retrieve the post link from this entry
create a fake elsewhere .
weak least - recently - used cache decorator .
normalize the data to a dict with tuples of strings as keys right now it works with : 0 - dictionary 1 - pandas . series with simple or hierarchical indexes 2 - numpy . ndarrays 3 - everything that can be converted to a numpy array 4 - pandas . dataframe
sum all of fs elements to make the last layer error as one
return an absolute path to the source or compiled file for an object .
wrapper for colorize
returns instances of the given state with dummy indices appended
translate a shell - like glob pattern to a regular expression ; return a string containing the regex .
build and return a path to target , relative to source .
converts a function decorator into a method decorator
call the function * container * with an iterable as its only argument .
this function ensures that indexes for all the models have been created and the extra indexes cleaned up .
theano shared variable for bias unit , given length
returns 1 when port1 is probably the server port , - 1 when thats port2 , and 0 when we cannot tell .
returns the data response from a linode api query as a single pre - formatted dictionary api _ response
returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
send client contents of zipfile * zip _ basename * - . zip containing * submissions * .
return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m .
determine connected components of a graph stored as a compressed sparse row or column matrix .
returns an instance of : class : i18n from the request registry .
convert a byte path string to a unicode string .
update a namespace , raise if not found / visible or duplicate result
get some random bytes from the prng as a string .
retrieves single group type by id .
checks that the given value is in the range .
dont push slices into memory , theyre about to come in anyway
formats the difference between two times as xd : xh : xm : xs
compute rhs of recurrence in f ( n ) with coefficients in c .
ssh into given machine and capture relevant logs , writing them to output file .
attach a public projects counter to each object of the queryset .
decodes all unicode characters in a path into ascii equivalents .
ensure a resource default in the cluster is set to a given value
return the global mapping of names to named colors .
iterates over a dict or : class : multidict yielding all keys and values .
tries to delete all files and folders from a directory
bubble sort : compare adjacent elements of the list left - to - right , and swap them if they are out of order .
return the docstrings for all renderers .
get the alteration file line from the filename .
lowest and highest values over a specified period
reverse the normalization done by the normalize function .
search for works with an : musicbrainz : iswc .
find and run all tests in the tests / directory .
ensure getfacl & setfacl exist
returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom _ id .
send pending twitter messages
convert the given string to the native newline format , assuming it is already in normal unix newline format ( ) .
imports task dynamically given a module and a task name .
delete to destroy a single resource provider .
get db conn
returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application .
set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly
perform the function of the script .
outputs the contents of a given file into the page .
given a project and an issues queryset , return a simple data structure of all possible filters for the issues in the queryset .
delete seenentry via its id
retrieve the calling function based on the call stack
retrieves the vote cast by a user on a particular object and stores it in a context variable .
return all members of an object as pairs sorted by name .
resolve the given name to an ip address .
return for a given floating point number .
parse lines of an edge list representation of a bipartite graph .
only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed
local composition complexity values over sliding window .
gets the predicted field and its datatype from the options dictionary
returns a list with ids of all the creators to which this learner has subscribed .
returns true if a given s3 key exists .
web link add to preselected folder
read html tables into a list of dataframe objects .
return the binary representation of text .
this is a wrapper around dumps that encodes infinity and nan values .
load both target and style masks .
compute the hash of the content of the file pointed to by file _ handle .
returns a unicode object .
returns the volume of a set of nodes .
populates a list of diff files with chunk data .
import a migration file and return the module
to list all asam platform sets present on the novell fan - out driver
translates a phrase , with an optional language hint .
strips empty lines and common indentation from the list of strings given in lines
compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
oneof has multiple schemas , so we need to reason about which schema , sub schema or constraint the validation is failing on .
canonicalize the format of a list of authors or tags .
returns an instance of an abstractrpcserver .
save an array to a text file .
detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
a tuple with the information catalogs need to perform proper pluralization .
two binary arrays , equal len .
get evoked data .
return information on a directory located on the moose
very very hardcoded / dirty re / split stuff , but no dependencies
alias for hg p - - short
connect time series and topolots .
a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape .
estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable .
fixture providing a readlinebridge .
saves a layer in geonode asking as little information as possible .
test reading subject information .
create directory if doesnt exist
create a cover from the specified title , author and series .
delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist .
generate the default loader code for a dependency
serve up an attachments file .
update attachment _ specs for the specified attachment record .
crowding distance - measure for multiple objectives .
ensure that a data source is present .
return supported instances for a node .
return the btree miss ratio
represents a multi - dimensional numpy array flattened onto a single line .
generates unique id .
parse a gcode text and display the commands .
substitute irc color info .
obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods .
waits for a file to be updated on the client .
a decorator for functions that accept lazy arguments and return text .
lock the workstation .
tries to determine the libc version that the file executable is linked against .
search for recordings with an echoprint _ .
returns the prefix for a pkg command , using - j if a jail is specified , or - c if chroot is specified .
create an : class : ~ application instance for a prompt .
generates the symmetric group of order n , sn .
search for blog posts .
returns true if nodes and g / nodes are a bipartition of g .
only work on windows
fetch the x509 root cert .
parse command line and return a socket address .
return challengebody from challenge .
download the page at url and parse it for links .
parse time - stamped annotation lists in stim _ channel .
get node attributes from graph
modifies matching items according to user - specified assignments and deletions .
given transition matrices , produce the optimal policy , using the policy iteration algorithm .
load an aff4 object from a serialized yaml representation .
reload running jboss instance jboss _ config
modules home page
generate a set of simple and hub sequences .
return a html page for the given word .
get list of all apps with properties , installed , category from hooks and frappe / data / app _ listing / if an entry exists
os - specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme ; not recommended for general use .
find the indentation of * node * .
extracts the authsub token from the url .
half extended euclidean algorithm in f [ x ] .
modules in settings . installed _ apps as a set .
parses pattern argument specs and returns a two - tuple of .
default 404 handler .
ensure that the given package is not cached .
compare a topology against a desired configuration .
perform fast independent component analysis .
write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files to output root .
evaluates calls from call _ queue and places the results in result _ queue .
create pydot node from dict .
processes the temporary files to generate the final shard data .
install the named package using the ips pkg command .
creates a url to request an authsub token to access google services .
check if the directory is in the exclude list .
get the multiplied complex path .
display a process status from monit
train on dataset for a number of steps .
importable helper for multi - proc calling of artifactcache . use _ cached _ files on a cache instance .
generate llvm ir for a for - loop based on a slice .
disassociate an elastic ip address from a currently running instance .
make sure init _ faulthandler works when sys . stderr / _ _ stderr _ _ is none .
retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
compute a list of greatest factorial factors of f .
ensure a value is set in an openstack configuration file .
convert from a temperature scale to another one among celsius , kelvin ,
use pollards rho method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n .
scales an image with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given max _ width and max _ height if in _ fname = = out _ fname the image can only be scaled down
fetch the list of file names from s3 .
converts a path _ info string to layer name , coordinate , and extension parts .
odd extension at the boundaries of an array
get possible name fields for given model
lists the creds for given a cred _ name and tenant _ id
ensure policy with passed properties is absent .
get metadata - schema tags or raise if none exist .
ensure the autoscale group exists .
update existing user group .
return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
encode the messages payload in base64 .
takes a list of lines to be committed to a users crontab and writes it
parse a timedelta string in format [ ] *
return a list of the images that are on the provider
deinstalls the currently active translation object so that further _ calls will resolve against the default translation object , again .
tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
create a table according to description desc .
handles the cmd execution for tempdeny and tempallow commands .
a cherrypy wsgiserver - compatible wrapper .
validate the beacon configuration
checks for process status ( prints .
convert the xml element to a path xml element and add paths .
this public view generates an html representation of the specified certificate
check if the user can share with other users
get the path to the programs menu .
restful crud controller
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
creates a urlmatcher instance from urlmap .
returns a list of degree - repeated node numbers .
generates a new random secret for use with wamp - cra .
make a user a member of an organization .
notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model
equalize image using local histogram .
return the magic tag for . pyc files .
stop program after halting and saving
encode a list of integers representing resource records to a bitmap field used in the nsec resource record .
determines if the completion needs a refresh by checking if the sql statement is an alter , create , or drop
remove lucene reserved characters from query string
catch telnet logins and passwords
runs the download and conversion operation .
the main function creates a yaml formatted report on the opentype tables in one or more fonts included in the fontpaths function parameter .
a distance function to the feasibility region .
import a python object given its full name .
restart the mac
generate stream of requests from sample .
compose and return a dict validator - - a validator that validates each key and value in a dictionary .
returns the solution of a x = b .
structure history : 1 .
deletes the specified vpn service
generate an obfuscated version of pwnstallers main . c
add site - packages to sys . path
turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object .
delete a beacon item
show system notification with duration t
contribution of f to the full partial fraction decomposition of a / d
display the trust page template , which allows the user to decide whether to approve the openid verification .
converts the given iterables to a { field : function } dictionary , if necessary , where the function returns a list .
add a veth to a container .
return the string value in a form that can safely be inserted into a shell command .
check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear .
compute a quality factor .
options nit : int , optional
create iterator over channel positions .
get loader class by name / alias .
loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage .
returns selected languages bidi layout .
delete a collection item from disk
enhances an xmlstream for iq response tracking .
parse the data from a pty - req request into usable data .
copies plural forms header contents from a django catalog of locale to the msgs string , inserting it at the right place .
simulates a delete request to a wsgi application .
returns a tree with a power law degree distribution .
require the existence of a postgresql user .
log unhandled exceptions , close stdio , capture stdout and stderr .
hashes question so that it can be later verified .
create a mock dataverse connection .
return attributes currently set on an sqs queue .
classify an observation into a class .
add a key to the memcached server , but only if it does not exist .
create and compile a vertex and fragment shader pair from their sources
returns the server root directory in config
runs commands within the projects directory .
decorator to use a reader . allow _ async db context manager .
create a new communication msg .
download packages to the local disk .
return a three tuple of data , code , and headers
makes a basic listshelves call against a grpc bookstore server .
return a list of virtual machine names on the minion
extract the cookies from the response into a cookiejar .
deletes stage identified by stagename from api identified by restapiid
remove directory with retries for win32
downloads mnist locally .
instantiate class by name .
decompress a block of data .
return a widget for immediate use .
ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope .
pull changes from the default remote repository .
setup the proliphix thermostats .
format a name node . .
replace a repo entry in filepath with repostr
provide data for the corresponding bulk email section
post a tweet , and return a rendering of it .
strips type information from rendered data .
return random item for a type specified by a mode and a single format character .
reset records that match ip or username , and return the count of removed attempts .
reshapes the input to a tensor
returns formatted author name with email .
determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
given a user , get the list of all program credentials earned and returns list of dictionaries containing related programs data .
check whether a poll object has a readable fd .
human resource rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative .
so we can use consistent capitalization and periods in the help .
compute automatic step size for sag solver
get the current compensation in effect in the data .
change the order of components in ica solution .
same as a + = b .
each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object , where that arg is used both as a subdir name , and a single argument to pass to " function " .
manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy .
shared implementation of sign _ url methods .
get entity from memcache if available , from datastore if not .
return the version _ info of salt . .
restful crud controller
open a related file and return its content .
perform an mr record lookup .
list the system types that are supported by the installed version of sfdisk
write a graph g in gml format to the file or file handle path .
if callback returns true the child nodes are skipped
creates eccentric dll names to ensure ip still loads them
returns a string truncated to charstokeep length plus ellipses .
generator yielding matches for a sequence of patterns and nodes .
monkey patch in monitor guidelines .
returns all the . plugin files
a decorator that ensures a cuda context is available when * fn * is executed .
the public interface to djangos wsgi support .
chown a file , pass the file the desired user and group without following symlinks .
extract ctcp data from a string .
prepare an inverse operator for actually computing the inverse .
char ( c ) is an re which matches the character | c | .
init an enforcer class .
get all available regions for the amazon cognito identity service .
generates list of script choice in the admin interface .
create the autostart binary and run it .
raise an exception if there is not at least one valid path .
validate the given host for this site .
run html tidy with tidy5 . conf as config file .
return a standard datetime . datetime object initialised from a string in the same format used for timestamps in dictized activities ( the format produced by datetime . datetime . isoformat ( ) )
return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of * src _ unit * to * dest _ unit * .
add an rule to csf allowed hosts
lcmv beamformer for evoked data , single epochs , and raw data .
decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate .
installs a plugin : - identifies file type by filename - writes fobj contents to the . . / deposit / folder - calls w2p _ unpack _ plugin ( ) to do the job .
create any object in kubernetes based on url
insert / fetch table data .
parses the string argument as a boolean
cssselect uses name ( ) = h : p to select tags for some css selectors ( e . g .
create a new default equalizer , with all frequency values zeroed .
returns resulting items from union query inside provided page content
parse the output from repquota .
run a function in the reactor from a thread , and wait for the result synchronously .
introspect and yield all fields involved in a dal orderby expression .
determine the list of spectator endpoints to poll .
replace % xx escapes by their single - character equivalent .
combines a list of sample _ dicts into one otu table sample dicts is a list of dicts , each one { otu _ id : num _ seqs } output is a tuple : ( otu _ mtx , otu _ ids ) otu _ mtx has samples in order of dicts , otus sorted with natsort / human sort otu _ mtx will have all otus mentioned as keys in sample _ dicts , even if they are abundance 0 such otus will simply be rows of zeros
opens filename with encoding and return its contents .
update the endpoints of the nearest neighbors to the ith point .
return the uri argument with whitespace removed .
same as tmpdir but also adds / removes it to the front of sys . path .
creates the pairtree marker for tests if it doesnt exist
construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
get and print a feed of public products in the united states mathing a text search query for digital camera ranked by ascending price .
try to increase resource limits of the os .
get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
to start / power on a vm using its name
helper function to standardize output to files .
the main method
compute dependencies of the specified message / service file
get the interior overhang support angle in degrees .
toggle control register auto feed bit
load or reload the specified module .
convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date .
return a list of multivariate zeros .
decorator for deprecated properties .
match what old profile produced
convert indices to time .
retain a reference to a media player list object .
given a number , split it into its mantissa and base 10 exponent parts , each as strings .
return dictionary which maps controller _ key to list of allocated unit numbers for that controller _ key .
tries to locate a guest agent at the path specificed by agent _ rel _ path
parse an xml - format key .
this is a view that works as a fcgi client
return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory .
returns an instance of the redis client
scan subprocess stderr for python traceback .
sync loacl db with remote db
editable installations should not change branch related to issue # 32 and # 161
maps all tasks in a structured data object to their . output ( ) .
decompress a gzip compressed string in one shot .
test for reproducible ps / tex output
create and return a new in - memory transport hooked up to the given protocol .
dashboard for spam moderators .
make sure srcdir is version new _ version
generate test modules in the given test dir .
a helper for making system calls immune to eintr
checks if there is a change in domains .
compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified rank .
return the key name to use for the memcache lock .
add xml from loop .
retry every 0 . 1 seconds for 2 minutes .
returns the leading term of f .
parse a gcode file and send the commands to the extruder .
writes row and column embeddings disk
isolate real and complex roots of a non - square - free polynomial f .
list all messages in the specified package
returns a new fresh wsgi environment with escalated privileges to do backend checks , listings , etc .
run a shell command .
checks whether the current user owns this app .
edit group avatar .
internal parsing method .
returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
import given locustfile path and return .
validate the shape of the input parameter param .
display the repository dialog and start the main loop .
returns true if the running systems terminal supports color , and false otherwise .
run tox environment for a given package .
strips out nulls and empty arrays from the string representation .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding python object .
build the default postprocessors for markdown .
patch the python logging handlers with out mixed - in classes
attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window , on windows .
creates a template object for a filename , calculating the possible relative _ filenames from the supplied filename and root template directories
delete a network bridge .
create a pydot graph from a networkx graph .
prompt user do choose a stream to dl .
parse a bulkloader . yaml file into bulkloader loader classes .
returns a style object that has no colors .
take in an evented request , append session data to payload , and redirect .
set the plotting context parameters .
produce a dotplot similar in style to those in clevelands " visualizing data " book .
based on URL
generator which yields lines from f ( a file object , used only for its fileno ( ) ) without blocking .
virtual field : category
convenience function to create an index in a directory .
given two axes returns a guess of the lag point .
stores items in the memcache and times them .
returns true if the resource exists in ckan and in the datastore
load a list of modules from a module setting .
create a postgresqlclient client using settings in the provided config .
handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables
generate find _ config _ files function
return a pair equivalent to : filter , filter ( lambda x : not pred ( x ) , elems )
parse a quoted string starting at position start in data .
similar to smart _ unicode , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
decorator to temporarily replace input / getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
test that matcher doesnt segfault on particular input
will schedule the probes .
memory - friendly upload of documents to a simserver .
sends a message on a topic to a specific server .
define a deprecation decorator .
update the household _ size for all cases in the given case group , taking into account that the same person could belong to multiple case groups .
ensure an internet gateway exists .
fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on
deletes the virtual environment
attempts to turn a sigterm exception into a systemexit exception .
get a python executable and args list which executes the given code .
convert covariance matrix to correlation matrix
check for explicit import of the _ function
create a resource via pcs command resource _ id name for the resource resource _ type resource type ( f . e .
get all volume types .
adds a user - agent to the headers .
compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
convert a glance id to an internal id .
update a child zone entry .
reset the cached data of all checks .
given a target , sets the given property .
subscribe content filter to requested signals
now we are logged in to admin area , use this to gain shell execution using . pht upload .
registers an image mime type .
reportnoisymax mechanism with noise _ eps with 2 * noise _ eps - dp in our setting where one count can go up by one and another can go down by 1 .
add any vsan - eligible disks to the vsan system for the given host or list of host _ names .
get version from given version or from git or from version _ file .
make sure everything is ready to initialize a webhistory .
sets the console size for a standard buffer .
for stick - breaking hdp , return the e [ log ]
determine the value of the snmp syscontact , syslocation , and sysservices settings .
dedent and left - strip
extract all packets belonging to the same flow from a pcap packet iterator .
validate memory size for lambda function
modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post - processing of the csrf middleware .
utility function that converts none to the empty list .
get first metastore information from local hive - site . xml .
returns a handler for making zookeeper operations .
returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page
copy or link originalfile to newfile .
provision flocker on this node .
return full path to the user - specific config dir for this application .
retrieves service type from function .
use as a decorator to wrap methods that use cell information to make sure they sync the latest information from the db periodically .
check if server address resolves properly
builds a locale code from the given tuple .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value .
frees an heap allocation returned by a libvlc function .
convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance .
internal function for fmadm . repqired , fmadm . replaced , fmadm . flush
resize and reposition a parent axes , and return a child axes suitable for a colorbar .
grub conf location differs depending on distro
allow some basic logging configuration to be read from ini file .
return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
detects if the code is running in the app engine environment .
returns the value of the entire timedelta as integer minutes , rounded down
internal helper to for context creation .
save and read an image using a specified plugin
version interface for jython .
the master / comments page
returns the app id to use for the given request .
import a key from text or file text
get all ancestor paths of a person entity
performs a 3 - way merge of mine and other using base as the common ancestor .
imports and returns a module , deliberately bypassing the sys . modules cache and importing a fresh copy of the module .
combines the non - interactive zypper command with arguments / subcommands
split the extension from a pathname .
gets domain objects representing the settings for the given user _ ids .
take a single package dict and emit a csv serialization suitable for
strongly inspired from sublime highlighter
returns a 4 - element tuple representing the comment format for the current file .
verifies a signed jwt id _ token .
renders a django - crispy - forms field
bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters
replace https key file path
return an uninterpolated path relative to $ state _ path .
load a dictionary of changes between each version .
perform tests to check if sfunc is able to simplify gamma matrix expressions .
return the initialized rnn state .
run the script .
get all non - deleted group _ types .
creates a dict of player objects from the players . json file , keyed by gsis ids .
check if given port is valid
returns true if the github user is in the team with team _ name , or false otherwise .
fixes previous command .
this is the function to setup blade fast link program builder .
determine if the migration should be aborted
simulate dw signal for one voxel .
returns true if the given number exactly matches an emergency service number in the given region .
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
tell the training model when to stop .
this function is used to get ut1 - utc in coordinates because normally it gives an error outside the iers range , but in coordinates we want to allow it to go through but with a warning .
copies a sheet to a new path
similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is * not * also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
turn seed into a np . random . randomstate instance .
sign data with a digest
return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment .
creates unique test csv file name .
check if a provided pack exists in one of the pack paths .
return oriented tree constructed from a depth - first - search from source .
return free / used / total space info for a volume group in bytes
create a finite random variable given a dict representing the density .
parses a constraint .
create a cost matrix from a profit matrix by calling inversion _ function to invert each value .
takes a generic regular expression pattern that has a group ( 1 ) match pattern and returns this
check the configuration for the dep _ name and see if it should be embedded .
record the time of a specific action .
validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes .
returns the user model instance associated with the given request session .
determine if a pidfile has been written out
get the repository constructor .
the number of combinations of n things taken k at a time .
generate a password - reset url for a given user
return true if all args are true , false if they are all false , else none .
utilty for displaying a prompt and getting the results from a user .
return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror
check whether the dependencies are sufficient to run eden
produces a string from an integers binary representation .
instantiates a variable and returns it .
return predefined volume info .
unsets a cookie by name , by default over all domains and paths .
helper for division involving dyadics
calculate power of a normal distributed test statistic
this returns a dict have all microsite configs .
returns the name of the public property attribute which clients can use to get and set the value of a protocol message field .
a decorator run the enclosed function inside a tmpdir removed after execution
this method is used when resource table should be filtered by meters .
decodes the given base 85 text into an integer .
get the version of the previous release
upload a document , and convert to google docs .
flushes log lines that are currently buffered .
push parameters to theano shared variables
returns a list of values from child _ node _ name .
check qt binding requirements
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
transform expressions into a multinomial form and figure out generators .
day view - each slot represents an hour
set the saved service instance .
helper function to redirect stderr to stdout and log the command used along with the output .
translate an application error to an images error , if possible .
remove excess indentation from docstring * s * .
moves files or directories .
get secrets of the namespace .
helper for opening a pdf file
this is a utility function that creates the pythonobject builder in an
pads the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with " padding " zeros left and right .
return human readable labels for ssl protocols , highest quality first
restful crud controller for rss feed posts
return uniform random rotation matrix .
check if object is an orm field .
convert loc vector to coil _ trans .
returns whether two etree elements are the same , with insensitivity to attribute order .
generates a signature .
annotate corresponding ofp message type
catches common exceptions and renders matching 400 errors .
cross - platform version of os . path . isabs ( )
dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
create a track object from a file - like object .
return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory .
get the repository constructor .
returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize .
set wwn mapping list to the connection info .
download the book - crossing data and unzip it
return the xsrf token .
return whether or not to trim footnote space .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
modify all staff on ccx courses so that they no longer have the staff role on the course that they coach .
generator that returns lists with at most n epochs .
change foo : bar to @ foo bar
returns the absolute path of a python script file .
get encoding that should be used for printing strings . .
fixture that provides and registers an empty default config object .
drop the old database
create a figure with specified aspect ratio .
test that gmm . fit _ predict is equivalent to gmm . fit + gmm . predict
emulate sqlobjects isnull .
use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet - rtr1 , pynet - rtr2 , and juniper - srx
construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
split a doc string into a synopsis line and the rest .
decorator for a conditionally applied decorator .
use : module : twittercorpusreader tp read a file of tweets , and print out some full tweets in json format ; some raw strings from the tweets ; and the result of tokenising the raw strings .
return the tx ty translation delta for a pan
make structlog comply with all of our options .
returns a python type from the return value of the supplied vim expression .
apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
studio ui for editing the users within a library .
ttest independent sample convenience function that uses the classes and throws away the intermediate results , compared to scipy stats : drops axis option , adds alternative , usevar , and weights option
returns true if g has negatively weighted edges .
validates that the specified regular expression is valid .
check if server non - empty
returns a product instance .
revert virtual machine to its current snapshot .
send deete from table .
return transformation matrix from sequence of transformations .
write pretty versions of eliot log messages to stdout .
get the title of this setting .
create a new zone .
return the admin urls for the user app used .
return the current server configuration for the specified job .
with boto route53 , zones can only be matched by name or iterated over in a list .
open a gzip - compressed file in binary or text mode .
decorator to add a message to the protocol index .
returns a cached property that is calculated by function f
linearly interpolates values in new _ x based in the log space of y .
serialize python data to yaml .
returns one of the following :
returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage _ key _ string for the given course .
upgrade for db2 .
testing all django hooks
queues a system email for a new message notification .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
split the name into a tuple .
returns a set of nodes of minimum cardinality that disconnect source from target in g .
add http user using the htpasswd command .
task to send email for render _ document progress notification .
try and authenticate
provided utility function : given a symbolic vector of probabilities and an index i , set the probability of the i - th element to 0 and renormalize the probabilities so they sum to 1 .
validates that a given hostname is valid for an ssl certificate .
call the function in a separate thread .
return the size of a file , reported by os . stat ( )
set the http user - agent header .
cache the output of the controller rendered by the view in ram
return the path to the python egg file , if the path points to a file inside a .
adds an internal network interface to the specified router
read text from clipboard and pass to read _ table .
inserts a new branch at a random position in * individual * .
convert f ( x ) * * - i to g ( x ) * * i where either i is an integer or the base is positive and f , g are : tan , cot ; sin , csc ; or cos , sec .
input is the repr of a tuple of strings , output is that tuple .
ensures that a model subclass contains a default manager and sets the _ default _ manager attribute on the class .
show status of the drbd devices
if any permission passes , call the function .
return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
get a dictionary of all available components , from the builtins as well as all folders in the folderlist .
inititalize an application
initial mapper compilation trigger .
report version of salt .
returns a list of notes added by the current firebase user .
create a decorator for methods that are delegated to a sub - estimator
populate movie object from given data
create a genomespace cookie opener
gets jobs per queue or per site or both
create a filter out of a list of filter - like things
ping the lamps .
cache - ing version of scipy . signals butter ( ) .
return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
produce code to declare all necessary variables .
return a new version of method that retries .
this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a
get a trackinfo object for a musicbrainz recording id .
searches occurrences of value inside expression at 0 - depth level regarding the parentheses
given training values for x and y , find the least - squares values of alpha and beta
run pylama and check current file .
return a pythonpath suitable to use in processes so that they find this installation of scrapy
prompt for time zone and validate input
stop the home assistant server and slave .
from this we are going to get back a result set with key and value .
gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
compress the weight matrix w of an inner product layer using truncated svd .
authenticates against djangos auth database mod _ wsgi docs specify none , true , false as return value depending on whether the user exists and authenticates .
patch _ merge _ log _ error from packages .
create a numpy array with the given shape containing cascading boolean values , with first _ value being the top - left value .
class decorator to set metaclass .
check a condition on input value .
ensure domain with passed properties is absent .
introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated .
replaces instances of pattern in a string with a replacement .
set ssh port
template tag to serve stylesheets from django - pipeline .
get bumper settings from video instance .
knapsack without repetition .
retrieve metadata about one or more pipelines .
register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib .
standard deviation of error
mimic git describe and return an identifier for the given revision cwd
helper to format log messages .
update translated strings
check whether the alignments are legal .
get a filter that checks if a cgsnapshot is being created from a cg .
translations command sub group .
return the subset of the list names that match pat
replace invalid - in - xml unicode control characters with ufffd .
equivalent of var . shape [ i ] , but apply if possible the shape feature optimization .
return a relative version of a path
setup the wink cover platform .
python version of pyimport _ getimporter c api function
write a string to a file .
pass additional data in a url for internal use .
write out html documentation for all modules in a directory tree .
validates disk _ format and container _ format fields
ajax handler for translating .
an argument type ( for use with the type = argument to argparse . argumentparser . add _ argument which determines if the argument is a directory that exists and is writeable .
display the state data from a specific sls or list of sls files on the master .
fetches a single character from the terminal and returns it .
increment the sync _ num .
helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf - 8 .
return concatenated search excerpts .
resource header for cap history tables
formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use , but takes the current locale into account .
convert an image to boolean format .
get all snapshots belonging to a project .
creates config spec for serial port .
create or resurrect a directory db item with given name and parent .
convert from dkl color space to rgb .
given a slice [ start : stop : step ] transform it into a canonical form that respects the conventions imposed by python and numpy .
returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be : - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf - 8 delimiter is the character used to separate fields on the given obj .
maintains our internal list of valid collectors .
check if count _ str shows up twice
test that a bad value of names raises an exception .
returns true if the input phrase has a negative sentiment .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper : URL messages must have the following properties : to _ addr - [ , . . .
quote url - unsafe characters , allowing iri - safe characters .
increment the line numbers of all nodes by n if they have line number attributes .
returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments .
returns a [ number of mnist images ] x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images
run a pyplot script * code * and save the images under * output _ dir * with file names derived from * output _ base
start a new , mapper - only mapreduce .
lists all repos in .
return the executable of python for the given version .
create an account
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
turns a server _ name string into a list of server names
get the python default value for a given model type .
main processing loop
reshape cluster masks or indices to be of the correct shape .
get heightgrid raised above start .
write tree diff .
returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
adds initial data to the api on startup
helper for obtaining module and session numbers
play the files in paths in a straightforward way , without using the players callback function .
destroy all quotas associated with a given quota class .
return image after stretching or shrinking its intensity levels .
return the distribution version
save data in the system _ info table
remove the zip file , then generate a new one . zip - r reprap _ python _ beanshell * - x * . pyc * ~
authenticates against djangos auth database mod _ wsgi docs specify none , true , false as return value depending on whether the user exists and authenticates .
returns a list if filelist is a list of length greater than 1 , otherwise returns the first element
update activity feed and create todo for creation of item , customer , vendor
continuously read lines from input stream and : - write them to log , possibly prefixed by timestamp .
add the x intersections for a loop into a table .
explicitly initializes the python imaging library .
renders the token approved page .
auto - generate option map from command line help
create an index if its not present .
given a url , return a parsed : class : . url namedtuple .
asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path
sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from _ address _ to to _ address with subject .
get a value from sqlite3
replace backslash and braces with their escaped equivalents
update the cloned repository to changeset _ revision .
removes the content of responses for head requests , 1xx , 204 and 304 responses .
see and modify values of sopels config object .
importing the backend from cryptography has the side effect of activating the osrandom engine .
restore a trashed plot from plotly .
make a hybi - 07 frame .
it reads one read from the sff file located at the fposition and returns a dict with the information .
statement : name equals expression
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , uid , context as parameters .
returns the current modelview matrix .
slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus
set current audio delay .
list all messages that a package contains .
returns the tensorflow expression of cross - entropy of two distributions , implement softmax internally .
define a colormap and appropriate norms for each of the four possible settings of the extend keyword .
determines the triadic census of a directed graph .
returns url to redirect to from the next param in the request .
writes the output , either to stdout or a file is specified .
remove obsolete fields from event context .
build the nosse wininst installer .
find and return vera thermostats .
helper to save image based on tile list
return numbers from inputs or raise vdtparamerror .
lazily init colorama if necessary , not to screw up stdout is debug not enabled .
returns a list of region codes for the given language code .
find volume by name on minion
only work on posix - like systems with setquota binary available
return user _ ids public activity stream .
replaces union all select with union select > > > tamper - 1 union select
update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
return the key to which a timestamp maps .
validates all strings or numbers in each dataframe column
write the contents file .
mask or unmask a buffer of bytes with a masking key .
export the specified course to course _ dir .
check to make sure set _ orientation works properly
find out how we should connect to sab
c header for the fortran blas interface
estimate the tied covariance matrix .
perform platform - specific checks on desired packages
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency sine transform of f , defined as . .
returns the lower bound wilson score of the ratings as a float .
determine whether a desired pin is high ( 1 ) or low ( 0 ) .
poly risch differential equation - cancellation : primitive case .
disable the named service to not start at boot .
given a list of columns , return a reduced set based on natural equivalents .
make sure that ascii . read ( ) can read fortran - style exponential notation using the fast _ reader .
prepend / dev / to device entry of swap / ephemeral virtual type .
read a - trans . fif file .
compute nth derivative of bessel function jv ( z ) with respect to z .
visits all the nodes connected to the given root node , depth - first .
loads the distro from an external file
build an argumentparser with args for bloom filter based scripts .
returns a generator over items , printing the number and percentage of items processed and the estimated remaining processing time before yielding the next item .
nbytes = size * itemsize
create search index terms to identify paragraphs .
move forward a character .
decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests
returns the given text with ampersands , quotes and angle brackets encoded for use in html .
convert a numeric python version to a printable string .
encode a number in base x num : the number to encode alphabet : the alphabet to use for encoding
print text on same line .
equivalent of sorted ( ) , but not dependent on python version .
scroll window up .
fixture which provides a fake main windows with a tabbedbrowser .
run the train function returned by build _ conv _ nnet2 _ classif on one device .
create new file or truncate existing to zero length and write data .
list all availability zones in the current region
describe the given state
make sure the given message was * not * logged via javascript .
read in information stored in a checkpoint out _ fp : the path to the checkpoint dir
delete an amazon nat gateway .
create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes .
test getting hpi info .
wraps the given array into a dataobject .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is void and xbps - install found
migrate running server to a new machine .
only return if all the modules are available
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
creates a mock key provider that yields keys for each in key _ list
create issues from bulk _ data .
tries to do a xml - comparison of want and got .
find the first file to match the path and ref .
remove a host from the / etc / hosts file .
return final tree after merge and clean .
determines whether a given page is equal to or the parent of another page .
create a pipeline to process a file after downloading .
return a relaxed caveman graph .
helper method for site _ search _ ac and org _ search _ ac
this response processor is automatically added when the datepublisher extension is registered .
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
package purges are not supported , this function is identical to remove ( ) .
a function created to construct the tree from 0 to num _ nodes
ensure that a volume is set as detached .
construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value .
a unicode - safe version of urllib2 . parse _ http _ list
expected inclusion _ explicit _ no _ context _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
allocate stack memory at the entry block of the current function pointed by builder withe llvm type ty .
option value converter for a comma - separated list of strings .
given a list of file names , return those names that should be copied .
provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their ip addresses
obtain the pillar data from * * reclass * * for the given minion _ id .
update a user
when applied between a wsgi server and a wsgi application , this middleware will check for wsgi compliancy on a number of levels .
see module docstring
associate / disassociate eip to nic
return the first acceptable shell - embed function from a given list of shell names .
helper function for handling requests to edit settings of a single tab
get the diagonals and switched matrix .
ensure the specified feature is turned on .
used to unpickle models without deferred fields .
create a base class with a metaclass .
we want to be able to deprecate old versions of the api , therefore we check for a minimum api version before continuing .
convert a path such as android . support . v4 . app . activitycompat into a string landroid / support / v4 / app / activitycompat so we can change name of a class by d . class _ landroid _ support _ v4 _ app _ activitycompat . set _ name
add or modify selinux file context mapping definition to the policy .
return the number of addons with the given name .
return the databases current migration number
build user representation with attached role
alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
import django apps .
return a single transfer function from a series of second - order sections
return successful healthy response .
helper to open the log file and cache its handle .
stacks arrays along the third axis .
shell escape the given string
decrypt data with the cipher .
updates context with organization related info .
get _ home _ dir ( ) still works if $ home is not set
return a dictionary of statistics queries .
pull changes from a remote repository to a local one .
simply doing linesep . encode does not always give you just * the linesep bytes , for some encodings this prefixs the linesep bytes with the bom .
builds and returns an entry string .
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data
print a list of objects a user is subscribed to
multiply a gcode linear move file .
returns a boolean index for given probabilities .
add list of vector tuples to given vocab .
translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
synchronize the given iterables in item - wise order .
fill record with vm status information .
creates a python callable for a gifunctioninfo instance
function to allow non - fileserver functions to clear update locks clear _ func
prints a progress bar to the command line
safely set the host for network .
search for fonts in the specified font directory , or use the system directories if none given .
given the embedding id of a graph , generate a png of the embedded graph associated with that id .
if holiday falls on sunday or saturday , use day thereafter instead .
script entry point that runs the docker plugin .
this function counts the number of opening / closing blocks for a given opening / closing type and adjusts the current depth for that block based on the difference
split out all reductions and post reduction scalar operations into seperate stacks
sample from a mixture of distributions .
get the loop with half of the points inside the channel removed .
check if a subnet exists .
remove a value from features variable in the make . conf
shuffle displayed items .
automatically remove all vouches from username .
list the features installed on the system
pretty - print a python object to a stream [ default is sys . stdout ] .
wrapper around c _ sync that syncs py _ name with storage .
verify the centralizer of a group / set / element inside another group .
get a cluster with flocker services running on the right nodes .
used to mark a function or class as deprecated .
generate a sha signature using the current time , database secret and the record object or the res _ model and res _ id parameters
convert old - style tuple actions to new - style dicts .
read a serialized response message from a socket .
return true if service is autostarted by sv
return carmichael function of n .
retrieve the pid of the parent process of the given pid .
resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
imports the modules for a sequence of plugin names .
create a store with numbered units .
return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
map the values of a config file to a dictionary .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
require a redis instance to be running .
list objects in a given s3 bucket .
get the region choices and sort by name .
construct command line arguments for given options .
return the center of the graph g .
converts path from the local systems convention to the canonical .
installs the given configuration file into the candidate configuration .
hermite reduction - macks linear version .
yields all possible expressions
return information about milestones for a given repository .
given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages
remove slashes from the beginning and end of a part / url .
print demo block if demo
return list of used workspaces
generate thrift stubs
construct the authn context with a authn context class reference
marks a callable as a built - in directive
returns a list of filenames for all jpg images in a directory .
change the username for a named user
execute _ hook should exec command from setting / hook / if it is string or do nothing if its nonetype
get repository metadata from the database
check the export of a fancyarrowpatch @ 100 dpi .
toggle options dialog .
restart supervisor processes
convert a tag pattern to a regular expression pattern .
create a tensor filled with ones , closer to numpys syntax than alloc .
splits an http url into pieces .
decorator to turn a wsgi application into a : app : pyramid view callable .
return for path using hashlib . new
accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root .
get or create user by fullname and email address .
replacement for group . _ _ unicode _ _ ( )
generate a set of monomials of the given total degree or less .
api v1 and v2 allowed search params that the solr syntax does not support , so use this function to convert those to solr syntax .
does the actual work for file . psed , so that single lines can be passed in
this function deletes the specified repo on the system , if it exists .
a wrapper around execute ( ) to more easily handle warnings and errors .
returns a string of the https domains .
return a list containing the first values in iter , which should be item or album objects , that add up to the given amount of time in seconds .
get all callable methods of an object that dont start with underscore returns a list of tuples of the form
month view - each cell represents a day
returns the list of all nodes dominating the given node , where there is only a single path of descent .
representation method to override the datatables - internal truncation of strings per field , like : if not r . id and not r . method : table . field . represent = lambda string : s3 _ datatable _ truncate
sorts the data a / c field _ order and returns .
writes distance matrix as tab - delimited text , uses format _ matrix
return available packet projects .
convert paths in data structure to either full paths or relative paths
checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
always return a list of strings , given a string or list of strings as input .
recursively convert configurations object from describe _ cluster ( ) back into simple data structure .
returns the paths for the root of the repo .
reduce an inequality with nested absolute values .
remove the outputs from a notebook
assuming a homogenous signature , fill in the * defaults * if missing from the arguments .
get qtreewidgetitem user role string
returns a path to the users local resources / images folder
get new derivation .
quaternion for rotation of angle theta around vector
return all of the files names in all available environments
recursively searches the given directory and returns an iterable of where paths is a list of directories and items is a list of items that is probably an album .
adds a file reference to the db .
fixup returned dictionary
evaluates a network and checkpoints it to disk .
raise error if error result .
get the wikipedia page title for a given wikipedia url .
count the words in that string .
starts a new w3af scan
compute a2akn equation 7 of scholz and stephens .
chop extraneous lines off beginning and end of a traceback .
return a text description of a phonenumber for the given language .
get coordinates of a vertex projected to a triangle .
parse a comma - separated list of paths .
list all the available state modules in an environment
validator for required elements .
turn an argb array into qimage .
close all or specified cover tilt .
try to convert an absolute path to a resource in a package to a resource specification if possible ; otherwise return the absolute path .
the standard error of the harrell - davis quantile estimates by jackknife .
uninstall a bower package .
do the dry thing and only call subprocess . popen ( ) once
checks whether user can add comment for given project .
try to drop . pid in the main autotest directory .
converts basestring objects to unicode , using the given encoding .
run all unit tests and doctests .
required method to auto register this checker
entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd .
constant - time string comparison .
return dict for a specific group _ type with group _ specs and projects .
tweak a key , value pair meant to be set on the app _ globals ( g ) object
common - use for cprofile
get all categories from the database .
slice columns if grouped is pd . dataframegroupby
read tag info .
parses the output of functions to be dicts
decorator that skips a test if running in fake mode .
sort fermionic operators to canonical order , assuming all pairs anticommute .
construct new rational function field and inject generators into global namespace .
return a list of a users public projects .
escape strings for use in urls .
ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path
compare two chemical expressions for equivalence up to a multiplicative factor : - if they are not the same chemicals , returns false .
create mobsf dirs .
plays the sound clip with pygame .
performs a single send operation in an individualized multi - send session .
enable or disable the wxagg accelerator , if it is present and is also compatible with whatever version of wxpython is in use .
resolve an ipv6 literal into an ipv6 address .
compute the transformation matrix from heliocentric sgr coordinates to spherical galactic .
determines all connections for each module
check the status of example certificates for a course .
this is necessary to prevent deepcopy ( ) on anonymous user object that now contains reference to request , which cannot be deepcopied
validate backupretentionperiod for dbinstance
generate the rest long _ description for setup ( ) from source files .
an openssl api failed somehow .
get the best of two units .
filters duplicates of iterable .
returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer _ acl list .
call fsync ( ) a list of file names
returns an additional crossorigin = " anonymous " snippet for use in a
validate licensemodel for dbinstance
entry point of script .
helper function to attach a guided tour to the output
decorator for subclasses of storedobject .
generates a return dtrace probe from the given api definition .
return a tensorsymmetry object .
require the / en / tutorial / tutorial . po store .
generate a redirect to the given location .
returns the unicode text from node .
process each file contained in filenames .
check that currently logged - in user has specified permission for the resource which is to be created .
when given a single non - existent key , require ( ) aborts
concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes .
query a resource , and decode the return data . .
return the shape field of the sparse variable .
the great missing equivalence function : guaranteed evaluation to a single bool value .
return an rss feed with last warnings / errors
load nietzsche dataset .
retrieve the custom metric we created
run web service .
checks the field text is a valid string .
identify sets of values to use in update statements for a list of states .
custom method to manage the discussion of a post
create a continuous random variable with an arcsin distribution .
builds spec for the deletion of an already existing virtual disk from vm .
returns true if the specified service is available , otherwise returns false .
extract the contents of a tar or zip file at * archive _ path * into the directory * dest * .
replaces greater than operator ( > ) with not between 0 and #
task time slot edit page
compute the digest for the given parameters .
write a list of packets to a pcap file gz : set to 1 to save a gzipped capture linktype : force linktype value endianness : " < " or " > " , force endianness
makes the provided response conditional based upon the request , and mandates revalidation from clients
load a single check from a file .
renders an " add permissions " form for the given object .
returns a form field for a db . booleanproperty .
have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message
returns true if the given path resolves against the default url resolver ,
archive all questions that were created over 180 days ago
extract all entities for state _ changed listener from template string .
renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget .
receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix .
compute the k - way softmax function inplace .
returns a cookiejar from a key / value dictionary .
creates a generator yielding a char based spinner .
return the writer class from the writer _ name module .
given model params , figure out the correct resolution for the
return mimedata with a list of absolute path urls
returns a string representing the tree by class names .
shorthand for connection . ops . quote _ name ( ) .
escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters , numbers and _ .
sign an xml document usign rsa
uses mechanize to fetch the actual task logs from the task tracker .
check astropy model eval against wcslib eval
output a level 1 header comment .
main command line .
for date values that are tomorrow , today or yesterday compared to present day returns representing string .
read pdf ed file .
generates a enumeration with the given attributes .
replace the xenserver address present in url with host _ addr .
compute all differences between two python variables .
add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
a decorator for connecting receivers to signals .
check to see if a stack exists .
run global fixes on source code .
check that the given file has the given mode ( s ) set , else try to set it .
read head of a field / method descriptor .
used to modify a json string to a python list .
consume the iterator entirely .
determine an object count , supporting either querysets or regular lists .
set gl configuration for template
docstring for getcomment
validate if x - delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future .
unregister a given serializer .
profile to show : - user details - person details - staff / volunteer record - map config
uninstall the given app .
rgs _ enum computes the total number of restricted growth strings possible for a superset of size m .
returns the desired initial state for the course outline view .
guess a lexer by strong distinctions in the text .
generate a new ops . migrationscript ( ) for a given phase .
document add to preselected folder
returns true iff this issue was closed after given date .
babel extraction method for jinja templates .
set whether pretty - printer should use unicode by default
returns status for a specific task .
basic example of sentiment classification using liu and hu opinion lexicon .
check if the path is a symbolic link
process options passed either via arglist or via command line args .
create a new db - entry .
time slot add to preselected task
returns a mapping { size : [ position , . . . ] } for different powers of 2 as size .
a comparison mechanism for floats
check xfail for the given passing test
return 18 templates , from the original nltk demo , in multi - feature syntax
returns a theano mode that detects if any negative value occurs in the evaluation of a theano function .
run test and print result .
turn the axes box on or off .
this is a no - op .
error handler for shutil . rmtree ( ) equivalent to rm - rf
remove host from [ glob ] * _ hosts . rules and immediately remove rule from firewall
create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
delete the given metadata key .
converts a card value to its appropriate string representation as defined by the fits format .
only load if the ifttt module is available in _ _ salt _ _
start the windows time service
image must be a pointer
return python interpretation of passed expression ( can be passed to the exec ( ) function without any modifications )
determine country of origin for the current user
serialize object to a file denoted by filepath .
creates a user friendly error message about failed challenges .
given a model class , return the view name to use for url relationships that refer to instances of the model .
returns the installed products samples list
stack coefficients and standard errors in single column
call : program : kpsewhich to find a file in the texmf tree .
parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root .
resorts a list , using a list of kernel strings as the keys .
return : const : true if path is a on the target device .
parse a gql query string .
select a supported python from a list
for each point return pixel values around the point using a neighbourhood of width 2 * wid + 1 .
build muting list
return the data on all running salt processes on the minion
shutdown a socket , suppressing enotconn
given two axes returns a guess of the plateau point .
decorator to skip test if module is not importable .
get an instance of user matching the provided params .
return a sorted list of detected subtitles for the given video file .
return list of strings
check for vi editor configuration in source files .
the boxcox log - likelihood function .
instantiate a proxy object ( s ) .
returns the name of the currently active time zone .
copy a complete file tree to a new destination
takes a successful object - get http response and turns it into an iterator of 5 - tuples .
make sure that for urls with query params : query params that contain " ^ / static / " are converted to full location urls query params that do not contain " ^ / static / " are left unchanged
compress the given * dir * into a zip file at * out _ path * .
parse a query given as a string argument .
returns all rows from a cursor as a dict
import the certificate file into the given certificate store .
list all repos known by xbps
group form data by elem name .
parse / etc / network / interfaces and return current configured interfaces
a generator used to time window refreshs
given a few parameters from the connection constructor , select and create a subclass of _ abstracttransport .
cleanup generated document artifacts .
display information about an object read from the datafile .
decide whether to use a or an for a given english word .
assumes vms stu have pv kernels .
utility function to facilitate debug , it will print input args before function call , and print return value after function call usage :
given a basic auth header , return a user object .
the list from pypi is really a list of versions .
return the load data that marks a specified jid
boot qemu / kvm with a cow disk and local / user data store cow : cow disk path kernel : kernel path logfile : log file for pexpect object memory : memory size in mb cpucores : number of cpu cores to use returns : pexpect object to qemu process
get the extrusion craft sequence .
expected simple _ only _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
just returns input variables .
list private networks
reads a line - separated environment file .
load the parameters of a model saved by tl . files . save _ npz ( ) .
we also want all of the tables exported
start the webapp app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request
add pair to the dictionary .
generic statistical power function for normal based equivalence test
view helper that checks that a claim token for a given user and node id is valid .
because sizes are built into templates with opennebula , there will be no sizes to return here .
returns the conjugate of a row element - wise
takes the contents from allalbums & alltracks and switches them into the albums & tracks table .
assign _ get _ conn and _ cache _ id functions to the named module .
adds additional context variables to the default context .
given the confirm time of a cookie , check that the cookie was confirmed no more than an hour ago .
convert a python string to a null - terminated string buffer .
copy the rows or columns of a time - varying matrix where all non - missing values are in the upper left corner of the matrix .
load uuid from a file or return none .
perform dns lookup on str .
writes a test result as a gtest compatible test runner would do
wraps the internal _ write _ pyc method in py . test to recognize
this is a pre - alpha api .
generate missing device names for an instance .
get controls from bundle xml
test that serviceprovideeditview works with existing serviceprovider subclasses
install hook in mercurial repository .
when path is relative , return normalized join of loc and path
initializes the command line argument parser .
retrieve urls for each enabled third - party auth provider .
return a list of pairs for the groups delimited by the given enclosing characters .
create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint .
register a help file in the registry .
resolving cgroup mount path of a particular task
generates jacobi polynomial of degree n in x .
test whether task is running under name
convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
load a zipped or plain cpickled file
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package _ id .
the general riccati equation has the form . .
this creates a temporary vm so that we can snapshot a vdi .
an internal helper function : replace arg if it is a type variable found in tvars with corresponding substitution from args or with corresponding substitution sub - tree if arg is a generic type .
undo the effects of override _ system _ resolver ( ) .
create and return a ready - to - be - sent ticket authentication message .
cleans all indexes .
subcommand to execute shell commands in response to file system events .
stuff to do after creating note , also used in comm apis post _ save .
test creating working copy from a local source .
build file lists for specified job
create a checkbox
dump debug message .
set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir , my _ ip and host .
capitalizes the first character of the value .
returns the transpose of a matrix
return pricing for the provided driver .
figure out which utmp file to use when determining runlevel .
replacement keygen callback function which silences the output sent to stdout by the default keygen function
get and add an indexed heightgrid .
all keys stating with _ ansible _ are internal , so create a copy of the dirty dict and remove them from the clean one before returning it
prompts a user for input .
return a tukey window , also known as a tapered cosine window .
get the filesystem path that the given host is being faked at
returns maximal degree for each variable in a set of monomials .
retrieves items in the given number of batches .
return a function that generates a string key , based on a given function as well as arguments to the returned function itself .
collect ports created by neutron from ovs .
isolate real roots using vincent - akritas - strzebonski continued fractions approach .
get the number of profiles .
max number of slots any machine can have
uninstall one or several gems .
utility to compute logged in user name
return the storage repository to hold iso images .
ensure that the process returned a zero exit code indicating success
compute content and the primitive form of f in k [ x ] .
checks the configuration / environment of this django cms installation .
return the load averages for this minion
returns the equivalent of the http requests script _ name environment variable .
this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
go through the git repository log and generate a document per commit containing all the metadata .
make an initial pass across a set of states for insert or
given a rational r , factorrat ( r ) returns a dict containing the prime factors of r as keys and their respective multiplicities as values .
start watching a locale for revisions ready for review .
reconstruct a multistring from the database string representation .
return a skolem function over the variables in univ _ scope param univ _ scope
set nomination date when app is pending review .
parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one , otherwise return - 1 .
maps keys for attachment details view .
used in methods of abstract models to find the super - most concrete model in the inheritance chain that inherits from the given abstract model .
convenience wrapper to execute ssh command .
test stc methods lh _ data , rh _ data , bin , center _ of _ mass , resample
evaluates a python statement in a given history and returns the result .
run code specifed by data received over pipe
to get taps specific commands URL # l115
solve a generalized eigenvalue problem .
return os x nsurl file reference as local file path or if not nsurl
remove a monitor .
cleans the input for single ols .
numpy version of tensor product of multiple arguments .
validate utf8 byte string .
create the file directory .
return a list of lines read from path excluding those that are blank or begin with # .
returns a differ for with the given settings .
gets a valid number for the specified number type .
get a usable dict .
turns a nested graph of lists / tuples / other objects into a list of objects .
process the given command .
return path to a pid , leases , hosts or conf file for a bridge / device .
returns l [ n ] if it exists , default otherwise .
creates text file showing current location in context .
ask for a list and return the missing value
a simple method to write a real new line to logging .
log an agreement in the meeting log .
return data passed through bessel filter
put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
internal function to create a jitclass .
generate all possible slices for a single dimension .
get user from uid and access on channel
return the next ip address following the given ip address .
build a params dictionary from a query _ string .
returns your text , enclosed in ansi graphics codes .
validate the key _ id and break it into segments
the inverse of iso _ utc ( ) .
return a list of the unique items in the given iterable .
report on quotas for a specific volume
get the accessible attribute .
update the quotas for a tenant / user .
common function for setting error information for return dicts
return the host iscsi iqn .
lists all the vlan to network associations
return whether obj is a file - like object .
decodes a model instance from a protocol buffer .
return the network on which the bridge is attached , if found .
verify that the specified ruby is installed with rbenv .
emulate python 2 . 3s xmlcharrefreplace encoding error handler .
install the specified zone from the system .
make a guess space inside a sphere or bem surface .
generate an object reference graph ending at objs .
check that y _ true and y _ pred belong to the same classification task
get all file names in a directory , recursively .
sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
scan corpus for all word ids that appear in it , then construct and return a mapping which maps each wordid - > str .
returns the number of cpus in the system
determine which child directory of repo _ dir is the project template .
return a tarball of all files required to run the model
walk providers for information on shows
get the data for name .
perform a convolution through fft .
error handler for server errors .
shuts down the server .
add negative cylinder at x and y .
handle regexp - list cli
return true if expression node is a function call and if function name is super .
parse free cmd and return physical memorys total , used and free values .
given a subnet or list of subnets , returns vpc association .
require a member2 user .
gets the similarity between two topics , as a float between 0 and 1 .
asserts the response was returned with status 200
test common spatial patterns algorithm on epochs
line1 is a list of data points
takes annotation dict and api _ key string
clone a new repository cwd
removes a module .
this method re - validate the sale against the invoice number
wrap all paragraphs in the provided text .
temporarily delete object attrs and restore afterward .
given a valid directory path , make sure it exists .
starts the python scheduler to run the watchers and auditors
helper function for list _ nodes .
persist parser result to specified scenario package , keyed by tag .
save history to file
append oauth params to an existing set of parameters .
detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content
cosine of a series
restful crud controller
get the settings directory path , which defaults to the home directory joined with . skeinforge .
find k eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the square matrix a .
implementation of test _ format _ docstrings .
ensure that the service is running name
wrap a method such that when it is called , we save the args and kwargs with which it was called .
generate the sql required for specific object type
parses the given string , and returns the year , month and day of the date that it represents .
get a configuration object from the keyword arguments .
given an authorization header string , e . g . bearer abc123xyz , return a token or raise an error if the header is invalid .
return a driver function that can advance a sequence of sine values .
check the result of get _ data ( ) when this is a list or iterator of tuples
returns a coefficient matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
track states and offer events for calendars .
open svg page with an svg program .
compute the logistic function inplace .
generates a chunk of " items " that should be passed into a subtask .
assumes tool shed is current tool shed since repository dependencies across tool sheds is not yet supported .
this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle .
debug filename args : command line arguments wdir : working directory post _ mortem : boolean , included for compatiblity with runfile
ensures that x is an ast node with elements .
consume signals that indicate course published .
add negative sphere at x .
looks to see if pkgin is present on the system , return full path
determine if the point of any path is in the filled region of the loops .
returns a get _ ha1 function which obtains a ha1 password hash from a flat file with lines of the same format as that produced by the apache htdigest utility .
dumps the gc : object
given a com prog _ id , return an object that is using makepy support , building if necessary
validate a crl against a certificate .
back - transcribes an rna sequence into dna .
pull out the frame length , spatial height and spatial width of a video file using ffmpeg .
minimum password age should be less than the password expires days .
true if the driver is compatible with interface and host _ agent _ types .
computes the jaccard - needham dissimilarity between two boolean 1 - d arrays .
convert a morsel object into a cookie containing the one k / v pair .
return list of fields given path relative to model .
a common initialization routine for samples .
direct _ declarator : direct _ declarator lbracket constant _ expression _ opt rbracket
add the closed xml tag .
returns tuple of tab navigation for the log pages .
returns latex representation of dataset
starts checking for games that are currently playing .
retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session .
expression : lparen expression rparen
restart the django server .
returns the algorithms that are implemented by the library .
compress body at the given compress _ level .
save image optimized for web usage .
convert a string representation of truth to true ( 1 ) or false ( 0 ) .
display a group of rgb or greyscale images .
turns a function into a reducer
save all scheduled jobs on the minion
directive option utility function , supplied to enable options whose argument must be a member of a finite set of possible values .
given an iterable of collectionsummarymodel instances , create a dict containing corresponding collection summary domain objects , keyed by id .
copy an entire directory tree src to a new location dst .
return a bohman window .
test whether two open file objects reference the same file .
writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error
formats a filename for user display .
yields payday events for the given participant .
this creates a trigger instance object given trigger and payload .
return the image object to use
tries to find the xmlsec1 binary .
get list of all loggers
decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled , redirecting to the log - in page if necessary .
the post endpoint to save a file in the file editor .
a validator value can be either an array of valid types or a string of a valid type .
include any default options that all commands should accept here so that managementutility can handle them before searching for user commands .
a function that wraps the ffmpeg _ audiowriter to write an audioclip to a file .
check if a file or directory is absent on the distributed fs .
perform hill - climbing with a single start .
traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . yaml is found .
create osfstorageguidfile object corresponding to provided osfguidfile object , then set the referent of the guid object to the newly created record .
assert a target for a test cases function call count .
encode a courses key into a unique , deterministic base32 - encoded id for the course .
calls the given command , with the given options and args / kwargs .
returns the aeon dataloader configuration for pascal voc dataset .
decide what needs to be done for the given bundle .
query for an image volume cache entry .
decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions .
retrieve the shared secret key for a particular credit provider .
initialize and sample from posterior of a continuous model .
sends the award notification email
you have to explicitly call this to configure logging .
return root of the jobs cache directory
implements a max pooling layer
compute gaussian log - density at x for a spherical model .
checks that only one of the provided options is actually not - none .
validate provided config dictionary against the provided config schema dictionary .
yield only those results which satisfy the predicate
stop a service .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
this portion is for arguments parsing
check whether a certain channel type is in an info object .
runs pydoc on the specified module .
helper method for creating products that are used in tests .
return quarantine information from osquery
restore the default rc params from the original matplotlib rc that was loaded
this function finds the root model for any given model .
remove the certificate from the given certificate store .
create and show spyders main window
get line with a begin procedure tag , procedure and end procedure tag .
deletes scheduled jobs on the default scheduler marked with the given tag , or all jobs if tag is omitted
test verifying user using verify _ user function
modifies a view function so its response has the x - frame - options http header set to deny as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
imsi detach indication section 9 . 2 . 12
parse patch file and return patch ( ) object
raise assertionerror if func does not raise * exc * .
return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
interleave elements of seq2 between consecutive elements of seq1 .
return a networkx : class : multigraph or : class : multidigraph from the dot file with the passed path .
sets value of key key to value in both session and cookies .
list - resources - list available web service resources
fatal fileserver configuration issue , raise an exception
truncate a number object that is too long .
create the subtitle path from the given video path using language if multi
fetch image from glance based on image type .
returns a string of the translation of the message .
get the configuration for an autoscale group .
parse requirement in the requirements / extras / directory .
resolve a dotted name to a global object .
generates all subsets of a set or sequence u .
load a list of dictionaries representing the options in a given list of mrjob config files for a specific runner .
converts relative day to time
return groups of lines separated by whitespace or comments [ ] - > [ [ ] ]
reloads a module , for use by admins only .
clears the events list before generating articles to properly support plugins with multiple generation passes like i18n _ subsites
create a qpainterpath stroke from the path drawn with pen .
add faces given obj text .
parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
start the philips hue only for proxies .
set the default clock to be used to reference all logging times .
get equated geometryoutput .
generator that produces sequence of keypairs for nested dictionaries .
send an email to the initiator of a failed bulk email query .
handle commands from user
resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels , while keeping aspect ratio in tact
default index page
returns an iterator of k folds , where each fold is a - tuple .
memory free on the gpu
return the type with the other byte order .
ensure that an item is created name
load data from a json file
embed hyperlinks to documentation into example code
setup the event definitions from yaml config file .
convert a set of quaternions to rotations .
use the google translate api for ajax , redirect to google translate for non ajax calls .
make a iso date time string human friendly .
create ldif single formatted record including trailing empty line .
list the organizations with username as a member .
get a specific sm backend config .
turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
generates a temporary url that gives unauthenticated access to the
restore internet access .
return the quality ( q ) of a mime - type against a list of media - ranges .
log the request to the access log
wrapper of the upper method returning boolean true if no config changes were detected .
fn _ list : a list lambdas that return either pyll expressions or python values arg : the argument to the first function in the list return : fn _ list [ - 1 ] ( . . .
build an _ _ init _ _ decorator that triggers classmanager events .
given a sentences annotation string , return a list of word strings , and a list of named entities , where each entity is a triple .
update rvm version : stable
group any overlapping ranges into a single range .
set the default colormap to magma and apply to current image if any .
create a sizer block bound to the block with the specified name .
require a postfix email server .
compute the wilcoxon rank - sum statistic for two samples .
deduplication the arg .
helper to let users know that they should submit the content - type header URL
this creates a printtask for whenever a warning is to be thrown .
remove all http / 1 . 1 " hop - by - hop " headers from a list or
makes a blob publicly accessible .
make schema by getting all valid combinations and making sure that all keys are available
return a string listing all changes to the working tree in a git repository .
write the theme xml .
create an array with a translation matrix .
only work on posix - like systems
searches for an ohloh project by name
applies force _ str on the keys of a dict
test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down .
try to find an expression for the hypergeometric function func .
convert a string , to bytestring in utf8 .
return package version as listed in _ _ version _ _ in init . py .
due to a bug , some blocks may have been loaded but not placed in a chain .
show a small info window with an ok button .
returns true if systemctl reports that the unit file has changed , otherwise returns false .
create all tuples of the links for the hosts
return the list of data files
annotate a klein - style endpoint to include user - facing documentation .
iterate over a django queryset ordered by the primary key
replacement for numpy . isfinite / - numpy . isnan which is suitable for use on object arrays .
return a script tag that embeds the given model ( or entire
retrieve user partition information for an xblock for display in editors .
parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
return true if the object is mutable in this context .
return a set of services that are installed but disabled
base pprint for all functions and builtin functions .
render latex to html with embedded png data using data uris .
adds subscriptions to owners or acl enabled users
strip out quoted text with no inline responses .
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
tell worker ( s ) to consume from task queue by name .
determine whether a given title is " bad " and in need of replacement .
output the graph for html .
remove a file that may not exist .
return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set .
return true if provided address is a link - local solicited node multicast address , i . e . belongs to ff02 : : 1 : ff00 : 0 / 104 .
create a list from * items * .
returns user instance depending on anonymous _ user _ name configuration .
format xml with nice indents and line breaks .
generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key , wrapped in an exec ( ) dynamic launcher .
given a descendantaddresses object , return a pathglobs object for matching build files .
row - wise euclidean norm of x .
display the waypoints
convert os specific path to file : / / uri .
return major / minor version #
create a deferred and adds a trivial callback / errback / both to it the given number of times , and then shoots a result through all of the callbacks .
main method for cleaning up ovs bridges .
create a gf ( p ) [ x ] polynomial from a dict .
returns the port for a backend [ instance ] in the dev _ appserver .
add a more accurate user . get _ absolute _ url .
returns a list of typedef statements for custom structures defined in types . yml .
a signed 64 bit decoder from google . protobuf . internal . decoder .
add the directory dir to the list dirlist if : 1 ) dir is not already in dirlist 2 ) dir actually exists , and is a directory .
get container information .
override nodes attributes from metadata node mapping
seed a location with the minion config , approve the minions key , and / or install salt - minion .
find the op - local identifier for this xrd : service element .
sync wheel modules from salt : / / _ wheel to the master saltenv : base
configure the dns server list from dhcp server
score the accuracy of the chunker against the gold standard .
determine envelope for jitter markers .
returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created .
validate user provided precisions .
build a point .
format a context object to http prompt commands .
display an error message for a url .
return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . sysconfig . get _ python _ lib ( ) .
remove first / last line of text if it contains the word lyrics eg lyrics by songsdatabase . com
create a new commit object .
superimposes two inverted images on top of each other .
assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same .
determine if the word is bracketed .
construct an xml - safe attribute string from the given attributes " attrs " is a dictionary of attributes
get the accessible attribute .
sort a dict by value and return an ordereddict - used by modules / eden / irs . py
quick and dirty filter to remove blocks
returns true if f has no factors over its domain .
finds all thrift files included by the given thrift source .
returns statistics about the locate database
reload schema for a doctype
returns the plural of a given word .
write outfile to rst _ file _ pth
return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed .
return true if checkout at path has local modifications .
support multiple context managers in a single with - statement .
return the full url to the bootstrap javascript file
get vlm _ media instance playback rate by name or instance id .
parse a comment
return an rgb image where color - coded labels are painted over the image .
checks to see if a cache file needs to be refreshed
reduce a system of rational inequalities with rational coefficients .
replot a matplotlib figure with plotly in ipython .
make a serverdescription from server info in a json test .
test whether url is escaped with |
fix sudo config if needed
returns a wsgi - compatible function from a webpy - function .
verify that two sequences of n - gram association values are within _ epsilon of each other .
encodes and returns the l { msg } as an amf stream .
return true if the user is an addons reviewer , or a personas reviewer and the addon is a persona .
return the indices of the longest stretch of contiguous ones in * x * , assuming * x * is a vector of zeros and ones .
create a node
store multiple values in parser . values .
joins arrays along an axis .
find a maximum single - commodity flow using the edmonds - karp algorithm .
base name of a path .
ensure the value is set for the specified setting .
generates the list column headers .
parse and handle the next command .
empty the trash
do all of the default monkey patching .
send a drozer ping to every connected device .
returns the md5 checksum in hex for the given content .
obtain tuple for sizing a pty on the remote end .
return tuples compatible with this python .
retrieve a file path which is relative to the provided pack directory .
connect to a running container , start one if not running .
helper function to read a reg policy file and return decoded data
create directories for the file store and the gpg keyring .
set the default colormap to inferno and apply to current image if any .
set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
returns whether the requesting _ user can access all the blocks in the course .
get response for when transport = cli .
post to facebook
show the java code .
load the sick semantic - relatedness dataset
finds and returns first item in iterable for which func is true .
update global settings when qwebsettings changed .
assigns permission to user / group and object pair .
store a row in our data structure
returns a list of field names from an admin fieldsets structure .
apply neuromag maxfilter to raw data .
sets up a registry client for use in registry lookups
returns true if the given option has been deprecated
try to find a course _ id / chapter / section [ / position ] path to location in modulestore .
downloads a file from an url in the specificed filename .
closes the dumper of the session
ensure a user is not present name username to remove if it exists
respond with json which contains a summary of all enrolled students profile information .
return what services are available but not enabled to start at boot . .
moving window mean
truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
modules listed in modules should have the following attributes : includes : a string containing c includes .
converts val so that it is safe for use in unicode html .
removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills
return the location of the vboxmanage command
create specified model
return a very - likely - unique hash of an entity .
all possible of integer tuples of the same dimension than tup , and each component being positive and strictly inferior to the corresponding entry in tup .
doc of g
get enumerator keys .
get the repository constructor .
remove an event listener .
removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
enforce mne filename conventions .
get a service by hostname and topic it listens to .
outputs the contents of the block if the two arguments are not equal .
return a dict containing information on active swap . .
return a dict of available roles with their translations
carmichael function of the given power of the given prime .
get a flask - security configuration value .
return eigenvalues of the modularity matrix of g .
parses a string into a set of labels , with a format according to the name of the header .
create a figure and a set of subplots
return a list of strings , separating the input based on newlines and , if flatten = true , also split on spaces within each line .
verify that item is none
return for analog prototype of an nth - order bessel filter .
construct vertical object of a given height see : xobj
return a list of resources owned by the project .
returns the mutual information between x and y .
verify that a string is a valid path to a directory , make it absolute .
causes a certain method name no longer to be hooked on a class
return true / false on whether the system understands this encoding
return an httpresponse object for uri and timeout and headers .
paging request type 1 section 9 . 1 . 22
tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception , which is a validation exception as provided in the validation _ exceptions keyword argument to the constructor of the
remove the session quarantine variable .
use this to deprecate a bear .
send an email to self , staff , cohorts , or everyone involved in a course .
init the cycle
we need to cycle the get . property list as matplotlib does .
a function to connect to a bigip device and list all virtuals or a specific virtual .
gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
run the given function wrapped with seteuid / setegid calls .
adds multiple queries to the query queue .
wipe a gcode linear move text .
cluster - level statistical permutation test .
retrieve info on a fixed ip .
safe wrapper around json dict containing a validation result .
raises a valueerror if the username is invalid
json cant serialize numpy types , so convert to pure python
install this package as the default twisted reactor .
extended euclidean algorithm in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
scroll window down .
run command using subprocess . popen
read lsm scan information from file and return as record .
replaces every literal float with literal doubles
return the multiprocessing logger .
returns a style object with the django color scheme .
boto supports adding / removing both users and groups at the same time .
build up the queue status as a nested object and output as a json object
determines the device name from the request by first looking for an overridding cookie , and if not found then matching the user agent .
get the chance level .
parses a string representing bool value .
get all clusters that match the criteria .
get files from open file - object containing a layer
converts an error _ code and message into a response body
check astropy model eval with default parameters
set default site for bench
returns the current language .
add files to be tracked by the subversion working - copy checkout cwd
create checked field for either pset or pvector .
landing view for first - time oauth - login user to enter their email address .
get the local dictionary .
renames source file into destination .
generate a hardwareid dict
return inverse discrete fourier transform of real sequence x .
returns a new theano vector .
create replication group .
guess the actor for a particular action .
attempts to find the version number in the file names fname .
test the fix for # 4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 .
parse a url encoded string into a querystring object .
check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels .
use source field to set organization account
returns an authorized googleanalayticsclient object .
return a value for name from master config file options or defaults .
given an apply node , obtain its connection pattern this is just a wrapper around op . connection _ pattern that does type checking and supplies the default value if the method is not implemented
simple xor implementation
returns size of file , optionally leaving fp positioned at eof .
send message to typetalk
fixture for creating agentloopservice .
return the location object to use
parse results from sys _ v style commands .
parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form .
prints and returns elapsed time since last tic , tac or toc .
retrieve enrollment attribute array
retrieve field list for a given table
returns revision and vcs information , dynamically obtained .
setup the cfg for the clean up utility .
construct a bound method .
create an elb policy .
create the metric definition object
sanitize the given module name , by replacing dashes and points with underscores and prefixing it with a letter if it doesnt start with one
test multiple tiers of iterators
return sequence l partitioned into k bins .
advanced or basic indexing with an array .
sends an email to staff in listed in the setting accounts _ approval _ emails , when a new user signs up and the accounts _ approval _ required setting is true .
parse a comma - separated list of paths .
json - encodes the given python object .
computes and returns the base64 encoded mac .
add role for user in tenant
get the integer value of a hexadecimal number .
create a skewed threshold graph with a given number of vertices ( n ) and a given number of edges ( m ) .
get vm configuration
generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra _ spec .
read file content into an output string .
ill try to execute command , and if prompt is true , ill ask before running it .
format table key key to a string .
try to decode byte strings to unicode .
return the first configured instance .
convert binary number written in a string into an integer .
code common to mkstemp , temporaryfile , and namedtemporaryfile .
return imported module if it has at least " minversion " as its _ _ version _ _ attribute .
generate proper events to click at the x , y position .
squared difference of input variables .
return a list of availability zone names covered by the load balancers in a given region .
read name - value pairs from file and return the results as a list of triples : where " additive " is true if " + = " occurred between name and value .
try to clear all caches : call gc . collect ( ) .
encode the given c { unicode } string using the imap4 specific variation of
deserialize data from file .
the iterator is currently inside a capturing group .
an alternate implementation of pythons stdlib urllib . urlencode function _ which accepts unicode keys and values within the query dict / sequence ; all unicode keys and values are first converted to
recursively updates the values in original with the values from updates .
convert home assistant rgb list to color tuple .
remove an iis application .
adds a message with the error level .
create a confirmation application that returns true / false .
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
connect a button to a function
checks whether string is plural form .
import content from fpath and puts it into the dict provided
process the xml element .
return a tuple composed of when provided a
returns a list with all values squared and sorted
parses a group reference .
convert an opcode to a value suitable for oring into dns message flags .
test edf raw pandas exporter .
returns an approximation of the entire set .
a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . require _ version ( ) which could potentially break code if only an older version than expected is installed or a new version gets introduced .
remove mo files in locale
return the structure representation of the given * nditerty * .
always returns true xenapi fake driver does not create vmrefs for snapshots .
parse pkg string and return a tuple of package name , separator , and package version .
saves current social - auth status to session .
add only profilers to the database from the filesystem .
create the path directory .
decorator that upcasts input of dtype int8 to float32 .
check session key
expand home directory
create models for each data hash .
puts options from the : py : class : optionparser and
return a list of symlinked files and dirs saltenv : base
merge command line options with configuration file and default options .
returns the snapshots for this collection , as dicts .
a method to unpatch eventlet monkey patching used for the reactor tests
returns an initial state .
unpickles a wcs object from a serialized fits string .
fake version of locale . setlocale that only supports the default .
return a dict with information about this node
this duplicates oslo timeutils parse _ isotime but with a
test tight _ layout for mutiple subplots
normalize the qingcloud instance data .
restart the named service
get stock ledger entries filtered by specific posting datetime conditions
exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
parse target url
given a view class , return a textual description to represent the view .
generate the python module containing build - time variables .
get a secret by name and output to stdout .
build html documentation
sum of the values in a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
return a bt home hub 5 scanner if successful .
wrap the the stock loaddata to ignore foreign key checks .
extract date from quarter of a year
support function for copy _ reg to unpickle module refs
convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors .
run cmd as a child process and return exit code .
decompress the specified data .
delete a rule from the specified table / chain , specifying either the rule in its entirety , or the rules position in the chain .
inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc / nvcc works .
send a message to a pushover user or group .
utility function that is ran once on library import .
calculates quantiles of a dataset matching a given list of probabilities
return list of disk devices and work out if they are ssd or hdd .
return transformed images by given transform _ matrix from transform _ matrix _ offset _ center .
get monitor data of the instance .
returns the number of axes in a tensor , as an integer .
return a list of base paths which are searched for runners .
declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class
get hourly traffic for given campaigns .
creates dirname and its parents if it does not exist .
print the object details to stdout . _ write ( for the interactive console of the web debugger .
this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products , it will return a dict with values added to the list passed in
for words that occur in at least min _ df documents , create a separate word vector .
shuffle each row in array based on permutations generated by seed .
will return the current time adjusted using the input timezone offset .
sends a presence to a given jid .
returns data with concatenated flag column .
hooks the eval function and search for obfuscated elements in the javascript code
test lcmv with raw data
raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests .
a helper method to parse the command line options
open the given nodegraph file and return a tuple of information .
helper to setup homematic devices with discovery info .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
loads address list and contact list in _ _ onload
kwiatkowski - phillips - schmidt - shin test for stationarity .
check that permissions for a model do not clash .
function to read in a full record
ignore bdd tests if were unable to run them .
perform n iterations of the gradient descent algorithm to minimize the cost function , with a learning rate eta .
returns access attempt record if it exists .
subscribe callback to init event for the specified agent .
get the value of cxxflags variable in the make . conf
return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits .
verify that this mount is represented in the fstab , change the mount to match the data passed , or add the mount if it is not present .
changes every non - whitespace character to the given char .
put the current greenlet to sleep for at least * seconds * .
add an mac access authentication _ signature to headers .
tries to find the local timezone configuration .
get from script or backward compatibility
unloads the current kvm kernel modules
return help text for a command .
this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini - batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
create the upload job .
parses series episode identifier , raises valueerror if it fails
extract all variables from a log format string .
called when an exception is raised by an event handler when the event was raised by raiseeventnoerrors ( ) .
entry point for external callers .
computes the sokal - michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1 - d arrays .
returns true if distinct ( ) should be used to query the given lookup path .
look in module context for a mysql error .
returns the output of a job .
builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods , from a db table .
sag solver for ridge and logisticregression
returns common context data for network topology views .
return a list of the most recent versions for each major . minor version group .
return c { path } as a string of l { unicode } suitable for use on this systems filesystem .
parameters yname : string optional , default is y xname : list of strings optional , default is x . # for # in p the number of regressors
returns the marginal precision of the features in a dataset .
removes list of files in f f : file containing list of filepaths example f : f1 . txt f2 . txt f3 . txt temp _ dir
return the key that can be passed into session _ scope ( ) for an open shard , picked at random .
if _ test _ time has been set , returns it .
generate source directory structure from fileset .
returns a string representation of a datetime object according to format string .
returns the _ _ doc _ _ field of var or none .
dry helper to build list of opts for git . branch , for the purposes of setting upstream tracking branch
get trackinfo objects for a given id string .
session fixture : start worker that lives throughout test suite .
set up the required js / css for the in - line editing toolbar and controls .
return a condition under which the integral theorem applies .
generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
initialize data and model .
return the version of the entity group containing entity _ or _ key .
this is a helper function , mostly for testing and profiling .
get wsdl method from ns , wsdlname
generate an html page with a deconv visualization
parses a string , subbing color codes as needed .
returns a container pid .
an alternative to functools . wraps which also preserves the original functions call signature by way of ~ astropy . utils . codegen . make _ function _ with _ signature .
validates that a particular image is small enough to be a badge and square .
find the given variables for the given host and output them as json
jump _ statement : goto id semi
crawl the expression tree , and apply func to every node .
un - escape string from a pre - yarn history file .
transform a value into a shared variable of type floatx .
it would retrieve pre - requisite courses , make display strings and return list of dictionary with course key as key field and course display name as display field .
returns all languages in dict format , full name is the key e . g . { " english " : " en " }
return a dict of environment proxies .
print a computation graph as text to stdout or a file .
format a number with beautiful commas .
main interface for loading a existing biosql - style database .
generator of testcases for journal based filters / backends
convert name to a global name with a trailing namespace separator .
get addongithubnodesettings records with authorization and a non - null webhook .
massage a stats record as returned by the filesystem implementation into the format that the views would like it in .
modify inputted mask to also mask out zero values
return the current time in seconds with high precision ( unix version , use manager . time ( ) to stay platform independent ) .
creates a route .
attach total of closed point values to each object of the queryset .
hacked from djangosnippets . org , but basically given an email address render an img tag with the hashed up bits needed for leetness omgwtfstillreading
the similarity of two sets of biclusters .
group the sequence into lists in which successive elements all compare the same with the comparison operator , op : op is true from all elements in a run .
enum is an adapter to another field : it will just change its display attribute .
return dataset of given stream .
toggle pause media list .
testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless
returns changes made in an svn transaction .
the opposite of a function
compute cohens d .
transition from integer id to varchar id .
deindent a list of lines maximally
sales index page
get the display tool buttons .
test exception when unsupported channels are used .
returns the compiled top data for pillar for a specific minion .
helper for pacifictime to decide whether now is pacific dst .
displays a float to a specified number of decimal places .
round trip a simple masked table through every writable format and confirm that reading back gives the same result .
uses dijkstras algorithm to find shortest weighted paths
module identification function
convert the data list , dictionary into simple types , i . e . , int , float , string , bool , etc .
convert a date string to a datenum using
return a dict of spider quees keyed by project name
get the name of a function .
load the yearly sunspot data and returns a data class .
write a dataframe to a google bigquery table .
get a list of chatrooms for updating local chatrooms return a list of given chatrooms with updated info
generate aliyun request signature
parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace
removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame _ allowance .
converts the values of the keys in mapping to lowercase .
suggest a normalized version close to the given version string .
hits the github api for all closed issues after the given date , returns the data .
takes ofp _ desc _ stats response
get the back of the loops .
set the policies of an elb backend server .
print summary of runner results and actual test results to stdout .
add a bar collection graph with height vals .
find users home directory if possible .
computes the average on - time of the outputs that are on at each time step , and then averages this over all time steps .
layout the points in a uniform linear space while preserving the existing sorting order .
algorithm " knv0 " kautsky et al .
get the complex where the carve intersects the edge .
check if conda is installed .
returns list of checks sorted in alphabetical order but having critical checks first .
return the disks of a named vm
get all markdown extension classes from plugins
use this method to apply an iterable of filters to a stream .
renders the lines of a diff .
assign individual constants to the individuals in the domain of a valuation .
when replacing the func with something else , we usually want the derivative evaluated , so this function helps in making that happen .
write content to standard output and file
parses a uri using the regex given in appendix b of rfc 3986 .
wraps an old - style error serializer to add body / content _ type setting .
replacement for djangos direct _ to _ template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . utils . views . render .
render the " find courses " page .
create the default production inode for the given hostname .
takes a string and stores it in the request cache as the user action type .
system information type 9 section 9 . 1 . 43
calculate the average of relaxed variables having var _ name _ suffix .
a physical length , consisting of magnitude and unit , in conformance with the
count occurrences of pattern in each string of the series / index .
return the endpoint absolute address .
conditionally execute install _ func ( ) only if the files / directories specified by paths have changed .
returns true if the specified service is available , otherwise returns false .
show all entry lists
a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
iterate of ace file contig by contig .
get information about the arguments accepted by a code object .
compute the precision
enable cds units so they appear in results of ~ astropy . units . unitbase . find _ equivalent _ units and ~ astropy . units . unitbase . compose .
process the docstring for a given python object .
store one or more model instances .
receives the input given by the user from create _ payloads . py
run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt - auto , returning stdout and stderr strings .
returns true if g is an arborescence .
creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
returns true if the inconsistency matrix passed is valid .
list hosts for each cluster ; or hosts for a specified cluster in this vmware environment
this method provides a basic reverse jmespath implementation that lets you go from a jmespath - like string to a possibly deeply nested object .
releases ownership of an collection to the community .
build part of the request containing the contents and filetypes of all dirty buffers as well as the buffer with filepath | including _ filepath | .
read blocks from a buffer and update a hash with them .
gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
update a target with a given command given a list of dependencies .
configures the logging with hard coded dictionary .
get the selected plugin .
extract the response data stored on a request and create a real response object from it .
return locale from the request , falling back to a default if invalid .
initiate an http ( s ) request .
schwefel test objective function .
return a list of sorted chains for varname .
return a string usable as a multipart boundary .
clear the regular expression caches
parse sizes by corners in the form :
somebody joined a room
show the details of an existing firewall rule .
receives the input given by the user from create _ payloads . py
creates and persists a requestspec per instance not yet having it .
grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc - list .
given an iterable of expsummarymodel instances , create a dict containing corresponding exploration summary domain objects , keyed by id .
returns if the object is blocked by an unfulfilled milestone .
read the pid recorded in the named pid file .
assert that each of the given warnings are emitted by fn .
for display purposes only
forms a wsgi response .
provides the given value as a binary string , padded with zeros to the given number of bits .
hard - link vhds into staging area .
control - p in vi edit mode on readline is history next , unlike default prompt toolkit .
find shortest weighted paths in g from a given set of source nodes .
data augmentation batch iterator for feeding images into cnn .
check multi line docstring end .
a distance metric between two probability distributions .
delete a launch configuration .
get the overhang support angle in radians .
this function calls the appropriate add _ * _ data ( ) function to convert output from scripts that do not include a structured output to a structured output similar to the one provided by the " ls " nse module .
use pathlib for ant - like patterns , like : " * * / * . py "
wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
creates a new enumerator com server .
uses get ( ) to return an object , or raises a http404 exception if the object does not exist .
return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
return the individual components of a given file path string .
restful crud controller
wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value
summarize the given text with one line of the given length .
returns score of a substitution of p with q .
elasticsearch - specific advanced search view
ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / , _ and : characters .
wait for the element to be present in the dom .
split a pathname into two parts : the directory leading up to the final bit , and the basename .
a context manager to allow testing of different search _ fields configurations without permanently changing the models search _ fields .
updates or inserts into a table in the datastore
returns a list of identities linked to this account .
default datalist item renderer for tasks on profile pages
build dns resolver instances in an order which leaves recursive resolving as a last resort .
get a colormap instance , defaulting to rc values if * name * is none .
return a copy of all the default actions .
set the content - transfer - encoding header to 7bit or 8bit .
return whether the installation should continue .
simplify expression by recursively evaluating the dimension arguments .
stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it , default is 10 seconds
extracts the list of arg from request .
create a block storage volume name
rewrite all the links in the document .
convert model to dictionary .
create graph of uncollected objects .
write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
returns a 2d dict of topic similarities .
instructs chocolatey to pull a full package list from the microsoft web pi repository .
generate a session secret
remove users from conference
list of list of tuple keys
returns the output of the sql select statement
determine a stable version for version list
new transaction form
yield a dictionary form of each csv output produced by the specified spacewalk - report
just like get _ facebook graph , but instead of returning none raise an openfacebookexception if we cant access facebook
shorthand for creating a conneciton over a pipe
gets the requestors user info from a cookie dictionary .
turn a prediction into 1 - hot encoded samples .
numbering function : consecutive integers starting at 1 .
locate a module path based on an import line in an python - like file import _ line is the line of source code containing the import alt _ path specifies an alternate base path for the module stop _ token specifies the desired name to stop on
restful crud controller
enable the given apikey .
mimic a hand - drawn line from data
constructs and sends a : class : request .
pause the named vm
create url from location variable
safely compute ceil ( float _ division ) .
send a dispatch notice from an incident report - this will be formatted as an opengeosms
talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container .
case insensitive but case preserving
callback for radio buttons in selection dialog .
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _ allocated _ global address space .
returns a function that returns a value from g . node [ u ] .
function to get the number of threads a process is using
returns a deque of the nodes of g , " smallest " last .
a nxn additive magic square
only load if the github module is available in _ _ salt _ _
respond with csv which contains a summary of all active coupons .
hack for testing
create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes .
create a list of serializers to use with a wamp protocol factory .
initialize a new block request .
running " harvest " with - - avoid - apps = multiple , apps
returns total no .
call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments .
returns a list with all collection ids matching the given search query string , as well as a search cursor for future fetches .
used for http _ date and cookie _ date .
converts a binary sid to its string representation .
read 4096 units at a time
checks a candidate number for validity according to the luhn algorithm .
split and clean the rules from a string to a list
loads waf / ids / ips detecting functions from script ( s )
return a new decorated function that propagates the return value or exception of wrapped function to an async _ result .
prints name and repr of each arg on a separate line
replace list with only one element to the value of the element .
default builder for main rebulk object used by api .
context manager to replace the root urlconf with a list of urlpatterns in - memory .
update to a given revision cwd
return fb2 metadata as a l { metainformation } object
return a search query given a ternary _ yes or ternary _ no .
ensure that inputs to exclude / include are list - like or " bads " .
stop a vm .
escape tags in text so that it can be placed within a
return the users account web page .
convert decimal points to indices , given a subsampling factor .
return full import path of a class .
hook for creating basic set of languages on database migration .
verifies that theres a readable zip archive at the given path .
extract from params all entries listed in whitelist .
get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it
make a string safe to use as an identifier .
quicksort in o and no extra memory .
call the given function after a certain period of time has passed .
invalidates all existing cache entries for .
remove things that augment the module but really should not .
update a tag vocabulary .
compute the allowed methods on a c { resource } based on defined render _ foo methods .
extract cgi variables from a parsed url into a dict .
display the raw output of status user user to run supervisorctl as conf _ file path to supervisord config file bin _ env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed
parse a string like 5 days into a timedelta object .
given a stream of text , return a stream of json objects .
a key needs to be placed in the filesystem with permissions 0400 so clients are required to run as root .
add a pretty printer for a given type .
injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
restful crud controller
unpack an ipv4 address that was mapped in a compressed ipv6 address .
build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
resize and reposition a parent axes , and return a child axes suitable for a colorbar : : cax , kw = make _ axes
gets a credentials storage object provided by the django oauth2 helper object .
compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix .
generates the chunks of lowdata from the list of modules
expect the given pattern on regex in the log .
send a message to zulip using the provided credentials , which should be for a bot in most cases .
check for existence of custom input file .
add the menu entities to the menu .
returns a system stream for text processing .
utility function to render a diff expansion link .
handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module
adds slashes - useful for passing strings to javascript , for example .
delete to destroy a single inventory .
converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone .
check the commands and respond appropriately .
diassembles a given code block co
parses a comma - separated list of pragma options .
only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
add custom domain to site
returns each row as a dict .
build name for downloaded file , appending version date if not latest .
helper function to generate permutations from integers .
raise a helpful message about our construction
different interface to clone , that allows you to pass inputs .
set the size of a finder window for folder to .
format the custom prefix
apply the tasks choice to the album or item it contains and add it to the library .
function that returns a list of languages that needs to be upgraded to the latest version .
wrap a validation task so that it runs with the correct flags , then parse and annotate the results before returning .
loops over each item in an array .
return a navigable small - world graph .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
fetch all attachment records associated with the specified instance .
start the specified container container container id
get command line args from the user .
gets an existing variable with these parameters or creates a new one .
reads a random integer of approximately nbits bits rounded up to whole bytes
return ref tuple if ref is in the repo .
view that returns the pointers for a project .
return true if the provided ip is a valid ipv4 - address
return a list of length 64 - bit words from data .
get configuration items for url , username and password
remove user from the organization .
set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
plists may have a runatload key .
set color of array of lights .
return a boolean indicating whether or not configuration is present to use the external commerce service .
relay munin cgi dynazoom requests / usr / lib / munin / cgi / munin - cgi - graph is a perl cgi script in the munin package that is responsible for generating binary png images _ and _ associated http headers based on parameters in the requesting url .
set a flag to tell the install functions to refresh the package database .
upsert the licenses in our database based on a json file .
decode dataurl data
runs a django management command .
get a list of companies based on permission
forget all messages
clean up data downloaded with the ingest command .
given a string and a column width , return a list of lines .
require several portage packages to be installed .
fetches information of a specific ikepolicy
exponentiation of a series modulo o
add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to " url " will return an http response containing the json - formatted " response _ dict " .
tangent of a series .
subs symbols using symbol function
renews an ssl certificate if it is active and expires < = 30 days returns a dictionary with the following values : orderid a unique integer value that represents the order transactionid a unique integer value that represents the transaction chargedamount the amount charged for the order certificateid a unique integer value that represents the ssl
write docker - compose to a temp directory in order to use it with docker - compose
convert sql and params args to dbapi2 . 0 compliant format
find a build tool on current path or using xcrun
create a : class : . _ dispatch class corresponding to an
copies a file to the remote ssh target using either sftp or scp , as configured .
check if setuptools _ is installed .
verify that install _ requires is a valid requirements list
check if directory is valid for processing
if a module requires permissions , make sure all url and module - level permissions are valid .
produce list of lag - variable names .
returns an option from an optparse values instance
elementtree wants namespaces in its xpaths , so here we add them .
initialize linter with checkers in this package
split the extension from a pathname .
get instances with rules granted to them by a list of secgroups ids .
return subplot parameters for tight - layouted - figure with specified padding .
given a dictionary that represents a " long " imdb name , return a string .
create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters .
add the host to the specified aggregate .
fetches the given key from the journal .
set site domain and name .
register a service that is discovered via dnsservicebrowse ( ) and
computes discriminant of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
call the i18nize - templates script which will parse the files with the extensions specified .
get the name of a particular equalizer preset .
execute a command over the socket , or raise socket . error .
if arg is list - like , then joins it with sep .
return a unique identifier for the callback .
create a container , then wait for it to be running .
checks if a host is trusted against a list .
read the input table and return the table .
the gunicorn _ django command line runner for launching django applications .
update the users requirement status .
try to get all sort of parameters for server density server info .
returns an instance of : class : sessionstore from the request registry .
get a title suitable for an create - or - update view .
this only supports windows
split each string in the series / index by given pattern , propagating na values .
set the custom icon for the specified file or directory .
download all available updates so that they can be installed later with the update or update _ all functions .
code referenced from URL
download daily bars from quandl for a given year .
command line execution entry point for running tests .
yield all direct child nodes of * node * , that is , all fields that are nodes and all items of fields that are lists of nodes .
returns the netmask appropriate for injection into a guest .
this reads the osx system configuration and gets the proxies .
return an md5 hash of the specified file .
generate an ethernet mac address .
password regular expression description is not set .
returns the percent of the outputs that remain completely stable over
returns transitive closure of a directed graph
retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
element - wise minimum of two tensors .
helper function for restoring session data from hashdb
get the grains from the proxied device
flattens the snapshot of an image and discards others .
parses a client request , returning instance of : class : parsedrequest containing relevant request data .
attach request section 9 . 4 . 1
return the offset into the cmd based upon if its a dictionary page or a data page .
runs the command in a subshell and throws an exception if it fails .
simple django auth
create a service _ check dict .
get user data .
the api optimistically updates message . categories so ensure it does so in a manner consistent with gmail , namely : 1 .
copy the format , perform any overrides , and attach an gtk style attrs xalign = 0 .
returns the standard deviation along an axis .
return the node _ info , vm _ info and freemem
removes and returns the next segment of path _ info , pushing it onto script _ name .
utility function implementation of _ get _ friendly _ zone _ name .
load datasets in the svmlight / libsvm format into sparse csr matrix
parse a subjectpublickeyinfo structure .
require a ppa _ package source .
computes the trace of an array .
wrapper around qtgui . qfiledialog . getsavefilename static method
add directories and relevant paths to settings for comprehensive theming .
get the repository constructor .
return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session
wiki markup - > html jinja2 . markup object
do some math .
simple static file maintainer which automatically paths and versions files being served out of static .
return code object for given function .
set attribute value , but only if its not already set .
create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html .
assign a crowding distance to each individuals fitness .
get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group .
returns next possible attribute name .
rewrite the integral fac * po * g dx , from zero to infinity , as integral fac * g , where g has argument a * x .
replace windows and mac newlines with unix newlines .
create a new site in the bench
return kernel _ integrity information from osquery
install a new app to site
convert a time in seconds into the biggest unit
take a us format date and return epoch .
plot the given delaunay triangulation in 2 - d
parses a search string !
deallocate a floating ip by address .
parses a comment .
makes a group reference .
collect all ignored tests and return them
force var to be a set
ensures that the provided value is a float integer in the range [ 0 . , 1 . ] .
returns the state of a container .
wrap request handler methods with this if they are asynchronous .
loads a macro a template exports .
perform an srv record lookup .
determines whether solutions returned by diophantine ( ) satisfy the original equation .
generate a temporary filename for sqlite database .
parse the yang & nielsen part of the results .
track nickname changes and maintain our chanops list accordingly .
list saml providers .
minify + concatenate js and css files , build translations
helper function that returns a dictionary containing a list of ssd and non - ssd disks .
extract data from a featureresult instance .
returns the desired output of the api from an object .
node betweenness _ centrality helper :
default to disabling in production if this function isnt overridden .
check for profitbricks configurations .
generate a random probable prime .
create a subplot that can act as a host to parasitic axes .
rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding
used by api but not web controller , walks through a workflows steps and populates transient module and state attributes on each .
two - sided symmetric version of match ( ) .
write a single - precision floating - point matrix tag .
estimate spectral norm of the difference of two complex matrices by the randomized power method .
create an image _ service and parse the id from the given image _ href .
implementation of showwarnings which redirects to logging , which will first check to see if the file parameter is none .
run the lms server .
time - frequency mixed - norm estimate .
horizontally stack two l { tensortype } s .
return a dictionary of information for a process id .
windows cannot encode some characters in filename .
breadth first search
add to the name path dictionary .
get new derivation .
activity age groups : restful crud controller
asynchronous get function
instantiates a placeholder tensor and returns it .
use this decorator to disable test on specified backend .
turn object into a list ; lists and tuples are left as - is , none becomes [ ] , and everything else turns into a one - element list .
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
condense multiple adjacent whitespace characters into one .
allows you to add some ignore field patterns .
perform any argument value coercion necessary for tcp client parameters .
wrap a single endmarker token in a " file _ input " node .
remove one or more logical volume .
automatically call name _ or _ value on the prefix passed in .
converts a version string to a float suitable for sorting
determine if a loop in a list is inside another loop in that list .
decorator for adding a context to a function .
used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse - style options , alters a cmd2 method to populate its opts argument from its raw text argument .
set the system module of the kernel is windows
print text details in case of assertation failed errors .
get the netmask address associated with a cidr address .
add two numbers .
parse arguments and update global settings .
add a new product id to the list of product ids
setup the one wire sensors .
get yesterdays datetime as a 5 - tuple .
computes the differences between the existing and the expected snmp config .
returns default context as a dict ( )
get the restful notification service .
derive components most reflective of physiological noise
gets the channels preferred time format , will return current channels if no channel name is given
read a tag and the associated data from a socket .
compute the matrix sine .
a check that tests that a given value is an integer and optionally , between bounds .
return a single wheel delta
locate the cuda environment on the system
wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function , restoring normal keyboard / screen behavior on error .
read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list .
retroactively award theme reviewer points for all the theme reviewers done since the great theme migration to amo up to when we started recording points .
parse a dist matrix into an 2d dict indexed by sample ids .
turns a list of length - one strings and lists into a list of longer strings and lists .
setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global _ help _ setup as 1 in common _ site _ config . json
enable a rabbitmq plugin via the rabbitmq - plugins command .
decorator that converts a function into a basic theano op that will call the supplied function as its implementation .
makes a pmf discrete approx to an exponential distribution .
get the twitter notification service .
ensure that a group is present name
read tag data from file and return as byte string .
create a console .
write a freesurfer label .
average directional movement index rating
return true if the object is any kind of function or method .
internal password hash helper .
determine if two polygons intersect ; can fail for very pointy polygons .
fields is a sequence of elements for regular form fields .
outline a gcode linear move file .
create a new network network _ id
a generator returning lines from a file starting with the last line , then the second last line , etc .
fixture which provides a fake app object .
return an iterable of filtered arguments .
helper to validate padding for filtfilt
function for deleting cloud load balancers
set cookies indicating that the user is logged in .
given a rule name , delete it .
returns the pid of a container name
constant - time string comparison .
compute norm of an array .
notify assignee that there is a change in assignment
moves the secondary backup back in place , if it exists , upon an un successful backup attempt .
reduce the width of original _ size by padding , maintaining the aspect ratio .
undo monkey - patching by : func : inject _ into _ urllib3 .
given an object , return the : class : . instancestate associated with the object .
escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field .
create a table from the input ascii files .
show a user
unpack a numpy type .
stable symmetric givens rotation plus reflection
solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form .
just like it sounds : it removes the record for the specified
list all osd by cluster
process client logs for a single user .
hermite polynomial hermite
try and parse an sslv2 record from message .
get a value from the vault service
get a type string and tile binary for a given request layer tile .
given an error xml message from the webservice containing xy , return a list of [ x , y ]
read the element data of type : data : date
returns a form class for the given django model class .
delete the given metadata item .
require a conda environment .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones
allows you to add some introspection rules at runtime , e . g . for 3rd party apps .
rewrite the config to take the profile path as the base path .
return passwd _ changes information from osquery
return true if the file is in a system path
read an unsigned 32 - bit integer
equivalent of unix chmod a + x path
get the contents of a template file and provide it as a module type
update xml by the supported events of destination host .
convert the group id to the group name on this system
uncache the pages of fd indicated by first _ region and remaining _ regions that are before offset , where each region is a pair .
returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence
render a html table .
split operator from threshold in an expression .
return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint .
create a new record in the database with the given values .
returns content of sql snippet located inside procs / directory
postfix _ expression : primary _ expression
restful crud controller
return a list of organization names that contain a string .
scale each feature to the [ - 1 , 1 ] range without breaking the sparsity .
check if date is in the range specified .
given a document and a word in that document , return the weight for the k - th topic
add actions accumulated into an actions _ to _ add , merging as needed .
expression _ opt : empty
all arguments have the same meaning as ssl _ wrap _ socket .
parses change event .
hop a gcode linear move text .
returns a nested list , and info to columnize items
creates a player with the given name and password .
if any exception occurs in this file , well probably try to print it on stderr , which makes for frustrating debugging if stderr is directed to our wrapper .
steps that match groups takes them as parameters
start the server mode
utility function that will create a column reference object from an anonymous tuple , dictionary or a similar object .
stochastic gradient descent
returns a single record array with columns taken from the elements in data .
loads overrides for an introspection module .
create an fsl individual modelfitting workflow
this is called upon unpickling , rather than the default which doesnt have arguments and breaks _ _ new _ _
adds the given number of days on to the current date and returns the future date as a string , in the format : " mon , 18 jan 2010 17 : 10 : 02 gmt "
test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
parse the http - equiv refrsh parameter from the given response
zlib compression ( c )
search for a submodule repo .
convert from numpy . pad mode name to the corresponding ndimage mode .
decorator to set mocks common to all metadata backup tests .
returns a list of product instances belonging to a store .
deletes from table with clauses where and using .
return the string used by python as the name for code objects which are compiled from interactive input or at the top - level of modules .
find maximum y value from four vertices .
persist a user id and a backend in the request .
build a list of test arguments for test _ copy _ transpose .
get the security id for the user
a context manager that silences sys . stdout and sys . stderr .
restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued , for " reset " action button
create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
helper function to turn a name into an arn string , returns none if not able to resolve
build the alexnet model .
look for empty loop / conditional body with only a single semicolon .
returns true if idle is using an os x x11 tk .
returns site - specific profile for this user .
automatically load data into a newly created table .
restarts adbd as aid _ shell .
attach models to database collections on worker initialization .
register a function for processing at program exit .
convert float rgb values , in a numpy array to hsv values .
check and set the http ( s ) authentication method , username and password for first three methods , or pem private key file for
update a deprecated path from an object with its new location
load the configuration for a given file object or name
compare before and after results from various salt functions , returning a dict describing the changes that were made
build the cifar - 10 model .
get a list of toc - style 3 - tuples describing all external tcl / tk data files .
delete a list
compute a weak normal form of f with respect to g and order o .
uses bokeh to display a matplotlib figure .
postprocessing of the latex file generated from rest .
detect all of the service names available to upstart via init configuration files and via classic sysv init scripts
we always raise the original and new subclass to - preserve backwards compatibility
mail content is checked through lettuce steps
compute an md5 hash .
enable / disable email alerts
run an example module from zipline . examples .
reverse url lookup for web routes .
get tax summary of given source lines .
return list of files that looks like a multi - part post
expand shell variables of form $ var and $ { var } .
return a standard currency field
return a google libcloud driver connection .
check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation
simple command - line program for creating dummy vm based on marvel character names
computes the triangular filterbank for mfcc computation
a decorator for memoizing function calls URL
preserves the spacing originally in the argument after the removal of options .
forbids multi - line headers , to prevent header injection .
current directory should be searched for environments
stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer
for parameters that can take either a single string or a list of strings , this function will ensure that the result is a list containing the passed values .
return true if the minion id matches the given list target minion _ id
returns whether a courses start date hasnt yet been set .
generate hashed password and salt for use in notebook configuration .
set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra / ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra / kets .
update the plot evoked lines .
adds errors from serializer validation to field _ errors .
set the http timeout
read in previously saved objects from a pickle file
set the default keychain to use name
sets the default locale .
create a ca path folder as defined in openssl terminology , by storing all certificates in anchor _ list list in pem format under provided folder and then creating the associated links using the hash as usually done by c _ rehash .
loads the mathjax script according to the settings .
get a media _ url link with a cache buster querystring .
reset the registry of providers .
load only on windows with servermanager module
return a dictionary containing information on the current cache stats .
returns an iterator to the dump of the database in an sql text format .
converts name into label by replacing underscores by spaces .
check if all items have no user data .
icon sets the icon of object , if no icondata is given , icon will return an ae object with binary data for the current icon .
return a list of ids corresponding to a many2many value
a template tag that returns the url to a file using staticfiles storage backend
edit data source settings .
returns the module path without the use of _ _ file _ _ .
constant _ expression _ opt : empty
return the generated output .
matcher that matches a dict where each of they keys match the matcher passed in .
get the value of an profile setting .
write the content - types xml .
missed message strings are formatted with a little " mm " prefix followed by a randomly generated 32 - character string .
encloses each keyword with versioned mysql comment
concat / minify js files
given a non - complete graph g , returns a missing edge .
return path to qt resource dir qt _ menu . nib on osx only .
return a list of table names in the current database .
receives a c _ ast . decl note and returns its explanation in
check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree .
the reverse function to : func : parse _ options _ header .
returns a unique id .
we allow our customers to update their server addresses , provided that the new server has : 1 .
delete role with the provided name .
creates the given directory if it does not already exist .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
polynomial division with remainder in k [ x ] .
make index and shard keys .
a dictionary - based collection type with column - based keying .
recursive obfuscation of collection types .
deletes orphaned thumbnails .
return pool or none
normalized average true range
get equated paths .
do not allow users to use passwords to login via ssh .
creates the data string which must be rsa - signed in secure requests .
retrieve the highstate data from the salt master and display it
return the cumulative line number of the line that has just been read .
html representation of a dataset .
checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not .
analyse a windows app .
sets the environment and dispatches according to command - line options .
attempt to mount a dmg file to a temporary location and return the location of the pkg file inside
compute coefficient basis for a polynomial over integers .
filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
patnches cache mechanizm to be thread safe . .
convert an image to a set of qpainterpath curves .
check if the minion is exposed , based on the whitelist and blacklist
take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k [ x ] .
unregister a help file in the registry .
return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
move up to max _ rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table .
receive a shipment
number of bits in binary representation of the positive integer n , or 0 if n = = 0 .
swap in selected django settings , returning old settings .
check if url1 and url2 belong to the same website .
get object directly from the object server .
ensure a job is absent from the schedule name
return a list of meters .
resume stored dbms information from hashdb
search the given device for the specified string property
tries to make a time out of the value .
a decorator that tests that the decorated function returns the argument that it is called with , unmodified .
serialize a queryset using a certain serializer .
tell the finder a file has changed
plot an mnist digit and a version rotated by 10 degrees .
loads all key / value pairs into memory before a task starts .
get a category from the database via name .
return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs .
set shell environment variables for wrapped commands .
use an integral image to integrate over a given window .
clears a previously set field override for the user .
word count not using mapreduce
parse the master . cf file .
traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes :
register a trophytype subclass .
parse requirement file .
check if the given name is a valid model name .
returns the keys whose values in dictionary are element or , if none exists , [ ] .
returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object .
alias that loads xontribs
calculate a checksum for a file
creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor .
creates a new port
concatenate raw instances as if they were continuous .
return a random subset of cpus for the cpuset config
set price list based on billing territory
create a l { filelogobserver } that emits json - serialized events to a specified file - like object .
run the python in pycode , and return a dict of the resulting globals .
get information about a service account from the metadata server .
transforms from cartesian coordinates x to any curvilinear coordinates y .
returns difference in directories between dirs and current directories
get font families
grid for custom transform .
determine the timestamp of the given item
this function is the same as calling full _ spec ( ) on a flanker address . emailaddress object .
trims trailing data from the central directory code taken from URL courtesy of uri cohen
test that environmental variables override settings in config files .
given cleaned post variables , create the user and userprofile objects , as well as the registration for this user .
truncates a string to a number of letters , similar to truncate _ words
parse the symbol file .
return true if we can successfully connect to solr .
return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler .
idc list view
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
create a proxy for an instance which makes it sort smaller than anything it is compared to .
find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
returns the unix socket file of haproxy .
parses a string as a float according to the locale settings .
get the path to matplotlib data
creates a new document
determines the confidence level of the assertion : the values of g2 are higher than those of g1 .
simple wrapper for render _ to _ response .
function of a multivariate series computed by substitution .
get loop layers .
get the carving for the gts file .
generates a ctypes function that returns an integer value .
quote a header value if necessary .
get user icons for module setup page
pass in a configuration value that should be preceded by the module name and a dot , this will return a list of all read key / value pairs
return memory usage in bytes .
download cover art for a release .
call a musicbrainz api function and catch exceptions .
converts given urn string to a flow id string .
define sort method for par2 file names
trims a doc string to make it format correctly with structured text .
returns data to render module view in desk : / desk / # module / [ name ] .
determines whether the given value is a byte string .
adjust the rank number of the worst fitnesses according to the best fitnesses on the first two objectives using a sweep procedure .
form the internal cxvpy constraints to form the weighted geometric mean t < = x ^ p .
load comparablex509 certificate request .
find optimization opportunities in adds , muls , pows and negative coefficient muls
outputs rounded and formatted percentiles .
get the group an instance is a member of .
utility method to split a list ( l ) in chunks of n sections .
get all transformed vertexes .
creates the state result dictionary .
get action by id .
backticks are removed in python 3 : use repr ( ) instead .
generates a profile picture for a new user and updates the users settings in the datastore .
sleep for the given delay .
auth info with google id token .
return appropriate class of series concat input is either dict or array - like
determines if a quota usage refresh is needed .
returns a document property or list of properties .
initialize the helptopic completion model .
runs ctc loss algorithm on each batch element .
send arp request using arping executable .
split a digest auth string into key , value pairs
parse a unicode template string and return a parsedtemplate instance .
parse the arguments of a np . empty ( ) , np . zeros ( ) or np . ones ( ) call .
process the xml element .
get new repository .
create a connection .
get the number of recurring jobs .
return a + if we dont already have one , else return a .
this is called via the ipython command % load _ ext pgcli . magic
provide the options for the jnap filter
return sets of objects only in _ _ all _ _ , refguide , or completely missing .
retrieves the show variables from the minion .
clears the cache each time a site is saved or deleted
sets up all the component in their own threads .
create a self reference .
download a poem from the given host and port .
extract the preferred ip address from the ipv4 grain
return the argument text , unchanged .
need at least two string columns to test str _ cat
returns true if config has changed
return a dot language specification of a graph which describes the relationship between hyperparameters .
helper to load config defaults in same way across core and extensions
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure or from locations inferred from the staticfiles finders .
return a message according to note note is a float < 10
find the appropriate loop to be used for a ufunc based on the types of the operands ufunc - the ufunc we want to check arg _ types - the tuple of arguments to the ufunc , including any explicit output ( s ) .
gets a list of dns servers associated with the requested domain .
helper method to start the modbus async tcp server
returns true if running instances uid matches the specified user uid
things to set up early , before coverage might be setup .
dichotomous confidence interval from sample size and maybe a bias
creates the body of the autentication request
get new repository .
get the prefix for the site url - - protocol and server name .
new equity form
find the op in an asstuple tree
calculate fourier transform using multitaper module .
returns true if g is a forest .
outputs a pages url as relative if its within the same site as the current page , or absolute if not .
produce schemaentries from python schema .
maps keys for snapshots details view .
select rows in view .
parse some creole markup and create a genshi stream .
creates a deferred and adds a trivial callback / errback / both to it the given number of times .
execute sql query sql _ query using dictionary vars to interpolate it .
get the repository constructor .
parses openssl command line output , this is a workaround for m2cryptos inability to get them from csr objects .
post a comment .
display the recent changes .
round a number to a precision
simple decorator to cache result of method call .
expand database - representation html into proper html usable in either templates or the rich text editor
changes the offload parameters and other features of the specified network device
new project form
return any email notifications from the given users dashboard activity list since since .
generic chatter function , allowing to write on * any * object that inherits mail . thread .
deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete _ vhost .
format a datetime for human consumption .
builds a possessive repeat .
initializer : assignment _ expression
replace occurrences of pattern / regex in the series / index with some other string .
get the list of naughty _ strings .
selected confidence interval of the trimmed mean along the given axis .
deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
get unittest suite for this module
initializer : lbrace initializer _ list rbrace | lbrace initializer _ list comma rbrace
convert dots to underscore in a string
send message to mountain lions notification center
convert a array into a [ ] * steps list of views .
capture time progress from player output .
checks whether a requeststatus has a value of ok .
add vector3loop to loops if there is something in it , for inset and outset .
setup the console logger
absolute exponential autocorrelation model .
trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
given an additive tricolour system cs , defined by the cie x and y chromaticities of its three primaries ( z is derived trivially as 1 - ) , and a desired chromaticity ( xc , yc ,
return true if the device exists in the namespace .
prints out the runtime duration of a method in seconds
view a currency
check ip whitelist / blacklist
configures users on network devices .
run a list of functions .
return a string representation of a dns record type to a libcloud recordtype enum .
read the contents of the file .
convert a protobuf gc rule to a native object .
partial release section 9 . 1 . 26
ensure that both project _ id and tenant _ id attributes are present .
tests that non - admin users cant set the fuzzy flag .
provides a pre - existing blob in the test bucket .
r ^ 2 - > r ^ 1 test function for optimization .
enable colors by setting colour code constants to ansi color codes .
a shortcut for adding task
find a root of a vector function .
given a urlfetch response , decide whether to retry that request .
distance between two geo points in km .
converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching
show the value of a cluster property prop name of the property extra _ args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib
this is a simple getter function that returns a user attribute that matches the contact _ types argument , or returns none if no uid / match is found .
checks for valid dna characters in primer fields
make grand average of a list evoked or averagetfr data .
get the float after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
test subunit output with undefined steps
return a list of the python files in a directory .
test the forward pass op against theano graph implementation
maintain an edit in a file .
returns transitive reduction of a directed graph
everytime an object is created / changed / deleted , we update the bucket counters .
train a maximum entropy classifier , returns maxentropy object .
decorator that makes components annotatable .
simulate output of a continuous - time linear system , by using the ode solver scipy . integrate . odeint .
generate enum : zmq _ const block for constant _ enums . pxi
compute event - matched spatial filter on epochs .
get the number of cpu processes on the current machine .
compute the action of the matrix exponential at a single time point .
wrapper around the real make _ query
converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object .
create a new sslcontext that is correctly set up for an http / 2 connection .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting
calculate deltas required to adjust quota for an instance downsize .
return the users apps web page .
for arbitrary sparseseries return where ( v , ) is suitable for passing to scipy . sparse . coo constructor .
read a packed refs file including peeled refs .
validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost
checks if a string is the given number of hex digits .
return resolver instance for the provided resource type .
juice from a source file the four args needed by decoder .
use the signature we receive in the post back from cybersource to verify the identity of the sender and that the contents of the message have not been tampered with .
test registering a single bundle object .
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
log a debugging message usage : : log . debug
formats a date according to the given format
add a vary header to a response
return relevant features for segment comparsion .
determine the number of repetitions we will be making .
call the tadm binary with the given arguments .
get the exported version of a gcode file .
translate an xml value , using callback for translating text appearing in value .
get all volumes belonging to a host .
set up a default session , passing through any parameters to the session constructor .
set the items metadata to match an albuminfo object using a mapping from items to trackinfo objects .
safely decodes a binary string to unicode
this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a _ _ thunk _ trace _ _ field .
parse gcode files and display the commands .
a callback url method to use in tests .
apply additional beta - rules to already - built alpha implication tables
starts a web service for handing datastore requests .
create subscriptions to a topic .
return error numbers for all errors in errnames on this platform .
logs into an smtp mail server .
generator that yields each page of data from the metadata endpoint as a dataframe .
change password of a user .
remove endpoints which are added to the path .
get a connection to an email backend .
handle the doc role .
draws a polygon around the faces , then saves to output _ filename .
this creates a file or a directory from a stat response .
creates a storage object from dictionary mapping , raising keyerror if d doesnt have all of the keys in requireds and using the default values for keys found in defaults .
stretch a gcode linear move file .
recursively process json values and do type conversions .
show details about the given flavor .
estimate spectral norm of the difference of two real matrices by the randomized power method .
returns a patchviewer displaying a grid of filter weights
mean squared logarithmic error loss .
convert the otu table to have relative abundances rather than raw counts
create a set of arrays
hackily try to reduce the size of a queue by removing duplicate messages .
check whether af _ alg sockets are supported on this host .
return a list of all client urns .
returns a list of supported formats for archiving and unarchiving .
test generation of source estimate
return a list of all physical open files on the system .
valid metrics for pairwise _ distances .
return a python ast node compiled from a string .
get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts .
get current version of openshift on the host .
the gateway to the distutils : do everything your setup script needs to do , in a highly flexible and user - driven way .
return the top level node of a task
parse a string and return a corresponding phonenumber object .
create custom dh object so tests run quickly .
helper for hadoop _ fs _ rm ( ) and hadoop _ fs _ rmr ( ) .
restful crud controller for the twitter inbox - all inbound tweets are visible here
check status of a particular host by default statuses are returned in a numeric format .
return current day of the week 1 . . 7
create a dictionnary = > struct format used by str2long ( ) to convert raw data to positive integer .
add a mode which can be referred to by name in function .
updates the status field of a collection in the search index .
detach a disk from an instance .
awards a badge if a user has completed every course in a defined set .
attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q .
return a generator of all top - level registered action instances .
finds all tasks on all paths from provided cli task
creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments
adds a user to the course creator table with the specified state .
format a value of a given unit .
this function converts output from nfs - ls that do not include a structured output to a structured output similar to the one provided by the " ls " nse module .
count the words in the input documents using mapreduce
simple echo service .
return the path to a verified , up - to - date letsencrypt - auto script .
print the list of files which can be removed from the whitelist and the list of files which do not respect pep8 formatting that arent in the whitelist
renders the vm details .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
akaike information criterion with small sample correction
route keyword and positional arguments to a list of names .
displays a raw diff of all the filediffs in a diffset for the given review request .
check that the currently logged - in has necessary permissions on the action used / referenced inside the rule .
prints a list of all available migrations , and which ones are currently applied .
a hacky implementation of c { os . path . samefile } .
parse an image href into composite parts .
get p - values from stats values given an h0 distribution .
get a colormap instance , defaulting to rc values if * name * is none
tries to store response in cache .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
remove a user from a group .
remove a volume . .
maps keys for volumes details view .
map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes .
returns the card type for given card number or none if invalid .
helper method for constructing grammars of expressions made up of operators working in a precedence hierarchy .
returns a list of 3 - tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace .
download a track or playlist by menu item number .
check that we only use newlines not carriage returns .
given a glance . domain . image object , return a dictionary of relevant notification information .
return a list that is sorted in a non - dominating fashion .
builds inception - a block for inception v4 network .
generates a random distance matrix stored in condensed form .
exact quotient by a constant in k [ x ] .
return folder / drive free space in bytes
new category form
save the results of a query to an hdfs directory .
push a copy to the pydata dev directory
removes the token object from the app engine datastore .
add global parser options that are independent of the command .
select a locale to translate the document to .
fix the _ _ path _ _ attr of sys . modules entries .
take a relationshiplist , picture file name , and return a paragraph containing the image and an updated relationshiplist
decode a base64 encoded array into a numpy array .
read the records of an iraf database file into a python list
permutates a given variable along an axis .
combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries
dynamically create an exception class .
redirect to a given url while setting the chosen language in the session or cookie .
transform values to be comparable against divisions
run the server .
return text indented by the given number of spaces .
check syntax of a psl file
verify that the specified python is not installed with pyenv .
if on linux , get installed version of glibc , otherwise return none
refine a positive root of f given an interval .
get loops from a horizontal segments dictionary .
index to corresponding one letter amino acid name .
detect imports in the frame , with the required name * .
returns all releases in the list of releases that are compatible with the current platform and version of sublime text
integrate the d - dimensional function f on a rectangle with lower and upper bound for dimension i defined by a [ i ] and b [ i ] , respectively ; using n [ i ] points .
creates the default topic similarities , and stores them in the datastore .
read pillar data from cobbler via its api .
return true if the filename looks like a style file .
scale a bem file .
check a pool member exists in a specific pool
return list of modules required by binary python extension .
helper method to grab session
renders json for discussionmodules
return a javascript expression string for the dict d .
return a generic schema which is used for validating action parameters definition .
check virtualbox guest additions version .
this function returns a list to be assigned to the datas global variable .
remove from the given page , all tagids previously added by add _ tagids ( )
removes photos from a users personal library .
parse a query response
compares two strings in a cryptographically save way :
return the components of the riemann tensor expressed in a given basis .
helper function for the method of undetermined coefficients .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for orders
copy resource from src file to dst file .
function responsible for increasing version when some data will be created or changed
test for the case that one var is not in data - > half replaces , half kept
get a compute node sqlalchemy model object by its id .
takes the options portion of a mongodb uri , validates each option and returns the options in a dictionary .
setup the available co2 sensors .
translate a shell pattern to a regular expression .
a simple view that returns the request data in the context
returns a safe representation of sql identificator name
modify network interface buffers
draw the graph g using matplotlib .
helper for use with expect _ types when an input can be type _ or none .
create an elb
generates html to include the js scripts listed in / static / scripts / tools / sahana . js . cfg
restful crud controller
returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
ensure that the certificate format , as determind from user input , is valid .
commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
parses a element and returns a _ schema object .
convert roman numeral to integer
move a file or directory
command : rem
release the mongodb client back into the pool .
helper method to walk an etree document representing a qweb template , and call callback for each translatable term that is found in the document .
shorthand for mtime
searches for the directory where a given file is located , and returns a possibly - empty list of additional directories , or none if the file couldnt be found at all .
function not yet implemented .
print all possible values for the formats option .
find the closing tag corresponding to the specified tag .
check the servers status .
same as a > > b .
adds the current page to the template context and runs its set _ helper method .
determine when a fresh token should expire .
save properties from instance _ type into instances system _ metadata , in the format of : [ prefix ] instance _ type _ [ key ]
returns an f - statistic for a restricted vs .
enable readline for input history .
tests a url to ensure it doesnt appear to be a blacklisted ip range .
replace any hostfromgpu by its input
list all users within the organization .
return the targets
write a worksheet to an xml file .
return the context dict for an apk - db entry .
set new grains values in the grains config file destructive
read a master file and build a zone object .
compute the phase slope index connectivity measure .
return columns based on filters
list existing volumes . .
extracts tomcat version in format like 7 . 0 . 42 from tomcat / bin / version . sh command output .
rnn layer template .
only work on netbsd
calculates a swedish id number checksum , using the " luhn " - algoritm
run a partition method in parallel , across a list of partition objects
remove a rgw
imports module _ name from plugin _ path .
this result callback is invoked with an iterable of all the chained subcommands .
returns the edge expansion between two node sets .
if dc is a string - return it as is .
rectified stereo image pair with ground - truth disparities .
decorator for setting config values on a checker .
return true if discussions are enabled ; else false
convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
compute schur decomposition of a matrix .
extract a tarball to a given path .
async attempt to run getaddrinfo ( ) for specified server
return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get _ config _ vars ( ) .
stops current context is one is active .
return the first safe id to use .
simple wrapper around the textwrap . wrap function in the standard library .
syntax checking : fail on features missing scenarios
reads and returns the contents of a file
return the percentile - position of score relative to data .
store a key value .
output polarity scores for a text using vader approach .
get the auth token for this request .
remove " unload " seaborn from the name space
test happy path of decoding to text
convert the xml element to a group xml element .
check for ips assigned to multiple hosts
execute the file at the specified path with the passed - in globals .
turn the word _ counts into a list of triplets w , p and p
fred is an interloper and bad intentioned user , he attempts to access areas he shouldnt , he posts trollish and spammy content , he does everything he can to destroy the board .
returns the language - code if there is a valid language - code found in the path .
plot hists for live births live : dataframe others : dataframe
get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
just like mkdtemp , but the directory will be deleted when the process ends .
helper function for _ invert .
validate a provided configuration .
return a space - separated list of distro ids of distributions that are closely related to the current linux distribution in regards to packaging and programming interfaces , for example distributions the current distribution is a derivative from .
perform a re . search returning a boolean
reset all pools by closing open resources .
export a course to git .
add the closed xml tag .
input validation on an array , list , sparse matrix or similar .
a context manager that temporary replaces the trace function
given a view class , return a textual description to represent the view .
imports a field by its dotted class path , prepending " django . db . models " to raw class names and raising an exception if the import fails .
set the temporary directory to use instead of _ _ pycache _ _ .
upload the files everywhere
trim any function off of a requisite
performs check on requirements and raises an exception on error .
process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
part of an evolutionary algorithm applying only the variation part .
compute cosine similarity between samples in x and y .
make sure a valid engine is passed .
get equation for cylindrical azimuth .
create a class that will create partial functions that generate result _ parser for the current init command .
check the query .
this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
import a python module from a path .
create a permalinked map
clone a local or remote git repository .
get whitener params for a set of channels .
return * true * if all elements of * seq * evaluate to * true * .
a handy debugging aid
return the next available yarn rm instance and cache its name .
mocked in libcloud . test . common . google . googletestcase .
test checking out from bazaar .
given a valid config , create a trail .
save compressed nzb file in folder
solve a parametric risch differential equation : dy + f * y = = sum ( ci * gi , ) .
compute the vector dot product of matrices m1 and m2 .
use this to access the afe or tko rpc interfaces .
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . template . loader . render _ to _ string ( ) with the passed arguments .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [ from . . . to ]
a shortcut for sending mail
get a mix of content from subreddits recommended for someone with the given preferences
helper function for the main parsing code .
find all the values and sections not in the configspec from a validated
detect the current environment : default , eventlet , or gevent .
returns a list of distance groupings for the specified field .
provide the tooltips for the theme filter
decorator for setting a timeout for pure - python functions .
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
creates an index from a search _ service _ pb . indexmetadata .
accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object .
given a protobuf for a value , get the correct value .
fetches information of a certain floatingip
registers a flag whose value can be a list of arbitrary floats .
deletes a login profile for the specified user .
return an postgres cursor
decode a bson int32 to python int .
plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
powers up the managed server .
get view template context .
create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution .
make all directories leading up to dir including the leaf directory .
starts a twisted process that will read messages on the amqp broker and post them as metrics .
attempt to parse a message as a gntp message
return a list of all registered xmodule classes .
compute the distance matrix .
read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict .
fake add device / update .
returns github api url for querying tags .
extracts country calling code from number .
parse a single line from the contents of / proc / net / tcp or / proc / net / tcp6
read a value from a gpio .
parse the driverdisk line
get the descriptive extension .
same as line _ search _ wolfe1 , but fall back to line _ search _ wolfe2 if suitable step length is not found , and raise an exception if a suitable step length is not found .
converts a many - to - one mapping into a one - to - many mapping .
find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest
dump generated configuration to a file .
remove a variable from the make . conf
return the fully qualified name of a module , class , method or function .
parse a feed from a url , file , stream , or string .
global max pooling .
return a list of all cache subnet group names
prepend newpath to oldpath
check python examples for valid syntax .
return the family of the given socket .
a wrapper for pythons urllib . unquote ( ) function that can operate on the result of django . utils . http . urlquote ( ) .
add a constructor for the given tag .
generate a nt hash
restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx - aware state , using the provided ccx _ id
dimension a gcode text .
returns the name of the comment app .
rulelist : rulelist ruleitem | ruleitem
determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the loop list .
return the auth object
append oauth params to an existing set of parameters .
resets problem attempts to zero for specified student _ module .
get the target num allocated to the volume .
return list of broken path ( s ) in service _ dir that match name
build the sse3 wininst installer .
check if a variable is a theano shared variable .
show a warning to the user .
check a color value and returns it / ! does * not * check color labels , only checks hexadecimal forms
renders a template with context as its context .
returns true if sgemv must be fixed .
get epochs with delayed ssp .
try to extract a file name from a subject line , return subject if in doubt
return a sorted list of all available fix names in the given package .
performs an in - process binary module scan .
sleep and delay for the specified number of seconds .
return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and - 1 for precision .
returns versions of optional modules .
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
patches the bin / activate script so that the value of the environment variable virtual _ env is set to venv _ path during the scripts execution whenever it is sourced .
create the git bare repository for bup in a given path .
use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger .
return an orm result as an iterator .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
returns true if upsampling is possible between source and target frequencies
split a line read from the wire .
remove name mangling from a file name , if necessary .
find the names of all monitors for which calibration files exist
return the script as a string for the specific os
given a trail name , delete it .
cast _ expression : lparen type _ name rparen cast _ expression
call this method to iterate through a large slice of the world by visiting each chunk and indexing its data with a subslice .
sends an empty request through to the configured end - point .
select the server that allocates value using a binary search .
create an application instance that displays the " - - more - - " .
given a pointer object , return its parent node .
create an autoscale group .
tests the url to see if its for imdb . com .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , with a summary of the users facebook notifications , including a count and details related to each individual notification .
draw a matrix of scatter plots .
compute the orientation of corners .
find the remote branch matching the name of the given branch or raise invalidgitrepositoryerror
return the modules dir for the running kernel version
build inception v3 model architecture .
given a path pattern , return the prefix to use in listkeys .
finite - difference approximation of the gradient of a scalar function .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
from the given list of utf - 8 encoded articles , return two lists where a space is added at the end - if the last char is not or - .
list the installed packages .
validate the current etag against if - match , if - none - match headers .
converts a load hook into an application processor .
helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
generic monthly archive view .
main entry point to process a list of . py files and inject type inferred declarations .
confirms that the current subtask is known to the instructortask and hasnt already been completed .
returns the cmdline of a process instance .
copies javascript dependencies to the / nbextensions folder in your ipython directory .
have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr .
keyword arguments : reserved - - should be a boolean value , exact value will be used to filter on the fixed ip address
instantiate an optimizer given a config dictionary .
return the datasets of a group .
converts a list of bytes or an 8 - bit string to an integer .
a splitlines for python code .
create a new imageclassificationmodeljob
display a list of people .
turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord .
ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar .
set administrator password for a site
recursive wrapper to rsolve _ hypergeometric .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
calculate windowed fft , for internal use by scipy . signal . _ spectral _ helper
returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance .
training events controller
asserts that two tokens are equal .
transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
return true iff x and y are equal .
delete custom properties for an image .
read lsm time stamps from file and return as list .
dns cache trick
fail the test if given object is not none .
get the url with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a url key .
compute an ns - package subpath for a filesystem or zipfile importer
find packages which are marked to be purged but cant yet be removed because they are dependencies for other installed packages .
gets the pyspark file from this directory
command util with subcommands for tox environments .
performs the bifid cipher decryption on ciphertext msg , and returns the plaintext .
checks if a datastore is valid based on the following criteria .
check to see if the message instance new _ message was originally created / sent via the nylas api ( based on the x - inbox - uid header .
runs as a thread on each desktop to create a new tray icon and handle its messages
reads the labels file and returns a mapping from id to class name .
get all labels from a kube node .
only load if a2enconf is available .
set the named container to be launched at boot
return the hold status of the current axes .
used by the random character functions .
support rm ha by trying other rm api .
internal utility to intersect chunks for 1d after preprocessing .
wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
validate storagetype for dbinstance
select bad channels .
returns the similarity between string1 and string1 as a number between 0 . 0 and 1 . 0 , based on the number of shared bigrams , e . g . , " night " and " nacht " have one common bigram " ht " .
generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version _ info .
convert characters that arent printable to hex format
a helper for defining bytes options .
validate that the value of confvar is an existent path .
clear out cached state files , forcing even cache runs to refresh the cache on the next state execution .
parse a date / time string into a timezone aware datetime object .
close the last opened block .
output just the - r , - - rev [ val ] part of the option string .
return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history .
test list - > create - > list - > get - > delete - > list integration
system virtual memory as a namedtuple .
hash table - based unique
one letter code to index .
repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input
attempts to returns unique namespace for function
restful crud controller
return true if url is redirected to location .
split the domain based on values of split _ label value .
simple function to return if a host is darwin or not
return the a record for host .
numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string - likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a , b or b , a
computes distance scores of flowgram to all flowgrams in parser .
parses the arguments for : nth - child ( ) and friends .
returns a list of all files in pylearn2 with the given suffix .
return a tuple of commits that exist between start _ ref and end _ ref , but were not merged to the end _ ref .
custom formstyle for filterform
we need some custom setup for this module .
construct the full path given a relative path .
strip matlab header and splash info off doc .
format a user - defined url with the given substitutions .
returns evaluation criteria and maximum score from assessment plan master .
convert to qemu format name param fmt : conventional format name
test excluding editable from freezing list .
register all blueprint instances on the specified flask application found in all modules for the specified package .
this method returns an array containing a list of aliases for the given domain
return drive free , used and total bytes
make sure it returns a valid result by checking for the presence of field " time " .
returns the class type for the suds object .
shift an event .
return the security group
used to fill any additional fields after the save .
convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
return a mock for an instance of * cls * that draws its spec from the class and does not allow new attributes to be set on the instance .
byte - compile one python source file to python bytecode .
output the graph for latex .
print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality
sends a notification event on a topic .
used via the with statement , set up a single buffer with an arbitrary name and no contents .
notify the author of the post when the first comment has been posted .
mock func method
change process privileges to new user / group .
find the nearest correlation matrix with factor structure to a given square matrix .
compute spherical bessel function kn ( z ) and derivative .
ask the user for some input .
no argument list !
process operations like profile reassignment , netboot toggling , and deletion which occur on all items that are checked on the list page .
detects unsafe features in the file located in google cloud storage .
return list of dicts with basic item info parsed from cli output .
setup the loop energy sensors .
decode a base x encoded string into the number
the configuration file for each system pxe uses is either a form of the mac address of the hex version of the ip .
unicode - safe base64 base64 api only talks bytes
determines whether the user would like to redirect to https .
return the corresponding check class for a check name if available .
remove local files for a given document .
get pull request list github _ api : version of github api to use
log a message if dry _ run is enabled , or execute the given function .
create a random string only with letters
check if a stream is a tty .
masking images with nan did not work for grayscale images
formats size of bytes
hide stack traceback of given stack
add sparse endpoints .
return a list of titles for a given user .
convert an arbitrarily - long string to a long using big - endian byte order .
takes a steam id _ 64 formatted id and returns a id _ 3 formatted id
find parents genre of a given genre , ordered from the closest to the further parent .
check whether a newer release is available on github
return the path to a newly created temporary directory that will be automatically deleted on application exit .
returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle .
n may be the inside of block or object
generates a workflow for linear registration of dwi volumes
return true if data type is editable with a standard gui - based editor , like collectionseditor , arrayeditor , qdateedit or a simple qlineedit
unwraps an interface .
load a function by name .
get the certificate path or content ca _ name name of the ca
preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions .
marks the image status to killed .
checks if a gate identity is a permutation of another identity .
find variables that must be alive at the entry of each block .
get the permissions for the passed object
returns a list of annotation objects .
return true if given pid exists in the current process list .
processes a tuple of 2 - element tuples and returns a tuple containing first component of each tuple .
runs flask dev web server .
extracts trusted ca certificates from the windows certificate store
get a backup or raise if it does not exist .
copy state of numpy random * r * to numba state * ptr * .
return a generator that yields the k - tuples of nonnegative values , the squares of which sum to n .
unregister a previously registered review request fieldset .
measure runtime prediction of the whole input .
start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query .
returns the related model instance and post data to use in the comment / rating views below .
linkify only full links , containing the scheme .
return the ip associated with the named host
load the nile data and return a dataset class instance .
instantiates a customized markdown extension for handling mathjax related content
copy in _ file to out _ file and append the string tag .
creates the body of the autentication request
return a utf - 8 string corresponding to a pull request table to embed in confluence .
parse given option string
if you want to use some built in logic but need to override the templates to work with jinja , replace the objects render _ to _ response function with this one .
return leading whitespace .
filter elements of x by a probability prob
given a list of names , iterate through all the tests in them .
create a new : class : ~ bokeh . plotting . figure . figure for plotting .
function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files .
converts supplied textual string into xml node .
ask user a yes / no question and return their response as true or false .
convert a datetime . timedelta ( ) objet to a number of second .
generator function to iterate over fastq records .
get segment path .
alert administrators about configuration problems .
determines if svn commit mission is completed
get point with each component rounded .
download from mobsf route
rewrite requests responses contents url .
handle indexing with nones
accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name .
return poudriere version
store notification emails
returns true if primer exceeds allowed mismatches
parse emails and save notes .
return information for the specified user
convert paths from a collection object to 3d segments .
read a directory , and list all subdirectories files as class sample
if the auth tables dont exist , we shouldnt try to set the permissions .
parse header values into a list of lists containing key , value pairs .
list cloud provider images for the given providers
build the arguments to python setup . py install on the setuptools package .
downloads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given , specifying the extensions of the files to be downloaded .
for sending email to the fraud mailbox
returns the differences between two snapshots config
get a network usable by the primary tenant
return the uptime for this system .
return the file hierarchy of a tool shed repository .
convert a system path to a url .
evaluates and tests all given expressions .
diff of strings ; returns a generator , 3 lines of context by default , - or + for changes
test if a vector is a valid dyadic weight vector .
corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits .
remove overlaps in contours from a glyph .
generates iptables commands to get from old _ rules to new _ rules .
returns a parsed version of pythons sys . version as tuple referring to the python implementation name , version , branch , revision , build number , build date / time as string and the compiler identification string .
connect signals so the translation gets saved during obj . save ( ) .
create a mock owwidget instance for node .
parses unique key - value parameters from urlencoded content .
generate example strategies to target folder
convert integer in n from host - byte order to network - byte order .
init _ declarator _ list : init _ declarator _ list comma init _ declarator
start a discovery service .
dtlz6 multiobjective function .
parses a cost constraint .
callback called before merging two nodes of a mean color distance graph .
provide concatenation of an sparse / dense array of arrays each of which is a single dtype
compute a superdiagonal entry of a matrix logarithm .
rest controller for bundles
generate the salt - thin tarball and print the location of the tarball
attempt to connect to the given address and port .
decorator for marking a method abstract .
returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution .
returns a trainer extension to record the learning rate .
yes / no question dialog with user .
lighten a color by increasing its lightness by percent
deletes a sink .
find eog channel .
chcks the geometry at the given offset in the c parameter list .
returns the value of more than one tensor variable , as a list of numpy arrays .
get unique machine id .
compute conv output gradient w . r . t its inputs
start generating certificates for all students enrolled in given course .
create an inheritancefielddata that inherits the names in inheritancemixin .
return a set containing all existing directory entries from sys . path
retrieve csrf and api tickets for the proxmox api
decorator for client codes main function .
test multiple tiers of iterators
add a contributor to a document .
save state of sopels config object to the configuration file .
get the string contained in the file named name .
converts an integer to its ordinal as a string .
for accessing point information .
demos the email settings api using the emailsettingssample object .
run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform _ job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart .
formats items into a space sepreated line .
echo messages on a rep socket
sanitizes string value in respect to newline and line - feed characters > > > sanitizestr ufoo bar
start a local sharejs server .
performs site - wide search on units .
registers the user but not logs in
set the windows system date .
returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
extract integer limit from request or fail .
this is the function to setup blade fast link sharelib builder .
remove files for a given prefix .
get the system time .
begins watching source files for changes .
return the latest repository _ metadata record for the received repository if it exists .
convert s3 utf - 8 string to unicode or raise an exception .
execute a runner module on the master . .
return the canonicalid from this xrds document .
if attr _ name is implemented at builtin class , return true .
generate c pre - processor options as used by at least two types of compilers : the typical unix compiler and visual c + + .
the local part of an email address is case - sensitive , the domain part isnt .
parse a variable format binary string into a static value and push it onto the current block stack .
cleanup a process .
test reading a table witn no column header
get the style dictionary for matplotlib path objects
given a dll , return a dll object
returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start _ date
do the backtracing and return a list of alignments
test if a specific extension is available
generate the list of examples , as well as the contents of examples .
set the locale for the system name
clear out all of the data in the minion datastore , this function is destructive !
run a label request on an image received from twilio
set the log to print to a file .
return openid object from response
steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters
returns a string containing the prettified form of expr .
computes the second camera matrix from a fundamental matrix .
tracks a given pattern in a video clip .
test rasterization with tight _ layout
tv _ last - - gets the most recently aired episode of .
helper function for use within views .
collects the static files .
only load if boto libraries exist .
get a list of the content of archive filename .
start the specified service . .
compute a list of irreducible factors of f .
generate affected nodes .
get profile for one tooth of a cylindrical gear .
parse the ip and port from a string in the format of : host _ or _ ip < - can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname / fqdn host _ or _ ipv4 : port < - can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname / fqdn [ host _ or _ ip ] < - ipv6 address literal [ host _ or _ ip ] : port .
attempt to replace a leaf of a multiplication tree .
oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application .
gets the name of the write index for a group .
adds information on our eventual data array .
given an event source and function name , return a list of mapping ids
adapted from URL
serialize a single webhistoryitem into a qdatastream .
fit a dipole .
validate if requirements _ all . txt is up to date .
load a mission from a file into a list .
triple exponential moving average
plot regression results against one regressor .
return the system version for this minion
return the first directory in a list of paths
reverts an image state to a previous snapshot .
decorate a record - style method where self is a recordset , but its contents is not relevant , only the model is .
delete a group .
patch a : class : unittest . testcase so totp token verification always succeeds .
render the given version pieces into the requested style .
exit desired instances from standby mode . .
this method checks for idempotency using the vlag - show command .
generate an absolute url for a resource on the test server .
return the default enrollment for a course .
extract user command option and parse it .
provides path completion , against files local to the agent .
compute fc7 features for im
returns the line graph of the graph or digraph g .
write a shebang line .
creates a dag run for the specified dag
this helper function tries to hyperexpand ( ) the meijer g - function corresponding to the parameters a1 , a2 , b1 , b2 .
run command as postgres user
returns the full gdal version information .
provides a template that renders a stack trace in an html format , providing an excerpt of code as well as substituting source template filenames , line numbers and code for that of the originating source template , as applicable .
returns the value of the user preference with the specified key .
process for displaying a graph
a basic document feature extractor that returns a dict indicating what words in train _ set are contained in document .
parse list of key = value strings where keys are not duplicated .
look up the given user , and if successful , add them to the specified cohort .
set up the switch .
update request status commit _ status , transit _ status , fulfil _ status
map a set of 2d or 3d coordinates through a qtransform or qmatrix4x4 .
returns an unordered list of all possible intersections of handlers .
get the absolute area of a complex polygon .
extract parameters and return them as a list of 2 - tuples .
provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their ip6 addresses
require a service to be restarted .
check if file has been written in last 60 seconds
re - raise an exception while annotating the exception object with debug info .
parse the json - encoded contents of the response body and return the python data object .
get the a hash from a given dvd image from a hash file
returns whether the system has the iso - read executable
returns the path and tool to use for this target .
verifies that the specified environment variable is absent from the crontab for the specified user name
create doc object from given vocab , words and annotations .
send a message to a mattermost channel .
get response for when transport = cli .
determine if email is invalid .
create a key to sort subtitle using the given order
try to determine the current system users username .
grain for the minion username
main entry point for patching the collections . abc and inspect standard library modules .
bartlett weights for hac this will be moved to another module
opens a file in plain flowgram format and writes header information .
give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes .
return matching the function signature
adjust timestamp based on provided utcoffset .
search for alternative installations of cura and their preference files .
description of an organization in the configuration is a dictionary of keys and values , where the values might be tuples : : " organization " : { " name " : , " display _ name " : , " url " : " URL "
helper function for find events .
provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
run users notification script
lint repeat blocks in tool inputs .
sphinx plugin setup function .
return true if cmd is executable or can be found on the executable search path .
parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
create task message from : class : celery . signature .
given filters in rows , guesses dimensions of patches and nice dimensions for the patchviewer and returns a patchviewer containing visualizations of the filters .
this function is for use on the base field class .
yield tuples for all repository refs unless refnames are specified .
utility method to read a file from the filesystem into a string .
decorator factory - mark a test function for skipping from test suite .
save the provided googlecredentials to the well known file .
return the gpg executable or raise an error
retrieve disk type for given file .
breaks a queue such that it never blocks , always has size 1 , and has no maximum size .
set gamedir based on path , by figuring out where the setting file is inside the directory tree .
populate the quickfix list and open it .
returns the uptime in seconds .
we take a string - like that is object dtype and coerce to a fixed size string type
pick only data or ica channels .
downsample by averaging points together across axis .
format a list of files .
writes the desired _ option _ strings to the config file .
list of required translation projects for import tests .
return the variables in inputs that are posible candidate for as inputs of inplace operation .
reruns an existing course .
load a cron . yaml file or string and return a croninfoexternal object .
convert [ targets ] or * targets arguments to a single iterable .
attempts to open a connection to a specified url .
a simple login protected view
potential energy of a multibody system .
require an arch linux package to be installed .
given a urlresult object , attempt to discover a sourcemap .
returns a deep copy of the given object .
return the default spatial pooler implementation for this region .
start interactive shell or run python script in web2py controller environment .
returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban .
only supported on solaris - like systems
parse params from files modeline .
check if a process is running on unix systems based on the pid .
this error handler will catch all unhandled exceptions in the w3af rest api and return something useful to the user for debugging .
solves a real univariate inequality .
when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _ items list , or a dictionary .
install the passed package
makes the upper and lower quartiles for a violin plot .
split the parameters into names and values , check if these parameters are within the testable parameters and return in a dictionary .
load a bottle application from a module and make sure that the import does not affect the current default application , but returns a separate application object .
cover _ photo selection depends on episode / photo order in share _ new and share _ existing .
the main logic of the median ( ) call .
convert asides xblocks objects to the list of dicts
test event order
attempt forced removal of a monitor , regardless of its state .
salts the given password with the provided username and encrypts it .
add a proper undo / redo capability to spinbox which must be a sub - class of qabstractspinbox
generator function to iterate over fasta records .
wrap a deferred returned from a pb method in another deferred that expects a remotepublished as a result .
returns none if an error
given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname , obtain the current settings of that mapping .
install fnclex before fmod calls .
maps keys for attachment summary view .
convert given object to one suitable for use as a jacobian .
return the percent of time the cpu is busy .
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified rank .
given a function name and alias name , check to see if the given alias exists .
recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
start openstack service immediately
get all tasks that match zero or more filters .
return information about the comments for a given issue in a named repository .
returns the entry in key given results provided by register _ pairs
activate all the given workers in the specific load balancer
all available service level agreements
setup nest devices .
rate of change ratio :
evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval
get screen dpi from the os
updates global state when a task is ready .
download appveyor artifacts
convert an array of time durations in seconds to the specified time unit .
get values of each dimension .
true if there is an ovs port that is used to implement a trunk .
find the directories to start from in order to find all the python files in dirname .
list all floating ips .
evaluate a line of text against an expression .
ensure the ec2 eni is absent .
replace global class / object management functions with extendedinstrumentationregistry implementations , which allow multiple types of class managers to be present , at the cost of performance .
generate a sitemap . txt from the collected html page links .
return a kaiser window .
restful crud controller
require an arch linux package to be uninstalled .
start the named service .
constructs a www - authenticate header for digest authentication .
gets a security group rule .
fixture which generates tests for things validating commandlines .
return current time as a string
returns all configuration errors .
return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path .
this function provides simple ( but somewhat less so than
determines if the system needs to be rebooted .
use dpkg to search for any available assemblers which will work .
runs model eval .
parse decimals with " best effort " .
given a project , return sorted list of unique tags found on it .
the restful handler for course specific requests .
for virt only .
returns url for httpbin resource .
convert pil image to numeric array .
updates a postgres role .
this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
return a specific users
teardown test environment for the module : - remove dummy home dir tree
return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of equal size ( k ) .
return the given path * atoms , joined into a single url .
returns project matching parameters .
find the lowest index of an item in col that is suitable for a pivot .
concat all inputs as object .
this will attempt to convert x into a variable on the gpu .
return setuptools entrypoints for namespace .
return whether the * loop * for the * ufunc * is supported - in nopython - .
determine if part of our policy was expanded from the private keyword .
populates the ir _ translation table .
plots day summary
finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host .
given a value spelled " algo : digest " , append the digest to a list pointed to in a dict by the algo name .
edit the loadbalancer settings
show current verbose level
get transport class by name .
force yum to update the metadata for a particular repository .
gets a list of relations , between parents and sons and a dict of clases named in dia , and modifies the fks to add the parent as fk to get order on the output of classes and replaces the base class of the son , to put the class parent name .
waits for a backup to reach a given status .
creates a 3d rotation matrix for rotation around the axis of the vector a .
returns the connection of a netproxy
generates top - level dashboard navigation entries .
the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests .
initialize a git repository for the given worktree .
import module given a name .
makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _ make _ increasing _ candle ( ) and _ make _ decreasing _ candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in
verify that address represents a valid ipv4 address .
wrap a call with a profiler
method to retrieve all report uri from csp policies specified into a http response through csp headers .
return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select
create an image from the values dictionary .
returns the indefinite or definite article for the given word .
set the android context .
test installing from a non - editable git url with a given tag .
add limit condition to query can be used by methods called in listing to add limit condition
parse arguments from command - line to set options .
return password database entry for name .
variance of a random expression
get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment .
read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
restful crud controller
hyperbolic sine of a series
gets user input from console
look for a tab with the specified tab _ id or locator .
sort the given list of items by dependency .
show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image
hilbert transform - sinewave
checks if the passed in data matches the lrc
grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re - scoring .
find the machine holding the given logs and return a url to the logs
orthogonal weight init , for recurrent layers
listen for incoming websocket connections from clients .
add user - visible admin metadata to regular metadata .
return the name of set functions for all fields , keyed by the field name .
get the vector3 path from the complex path .
generate the rst file for an example directory .
remove a package from the database and system . .
return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
return true if the content is a spam , else false .
function that will act as a decorator to make logging
set a service in unknown state
test creating / updating a working copy when a target already exists .
skip sections of code that we shouldnt reformat .
loose checking if s is a pytables - acceptable expression
the main purpose of this function is to send fake neighbor advertisement messages to a victim .
compute harris corner measure response image .
plot a bunch of spectrograms of wav files in different genres
generate thunk and method code for a given routine .
given an encoder , calculate overlaps statistics and ensure everything is ok .
get a suitable _ _ repr _ _ string for an object .
prompt user for value of env . host _ string when env . host _ string is empty .
expands metadata to be as complete as possible cube metadata .
returns a list of sentences .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
get new repository .
get object fileno , or : const : none if not defined .
resolve patterns _ path to existing absolute local path or raise .
abstract _ declarator _ opt : empty
parse and return values from a cloudformation outputs list .
no changes to the image properties table from 008 . . .
returns a paginated response object klass - model class to query from url - url of the request args - args passed to the request as query parameters kwargs - filters for query on the klass model .
verify that a target string matches the given pattern .
used by parseconfig ( ) to parse just the layer parts of a config .
returns a securely generated random string .
triggers update of given object .
import and return a module if it is installed .
remove the named sqs queue if it exists .
change the quickdeploy snmp community string , used for switches as well
find appropriate c compiler for extension module builds
delete a document .
forces attachments to be sequenceable type .
hooks to matplotlib
this function can be used for hypersearch algorithm development .
power a bluetooth device on or off
get the list of available instance sizes .
return a minimal stream - like object capturing the text output of either cuda or the simulator .
try to apply the pattern at the start of the string , returning a match object , or none if no match was found .
parse a whole document into a string .
unpack zip filename to extract _ dir
shift _ expression : shift _ expression lshift additive _ expression
interprets an indexable list of booleans as bits , msb first , to be packed into a list of integers from 0 to 256 , msb first , with lsbs zero - padded .
parse the partition line
return a date range as float gregorian ordinals .
recursively concatenate nested lists of arrays along axes
compute cosine distance between samples in x and y .
allow other sites to access this resource , see URL
copied from website / mails / mails . py , updated to not require mail objects , to not require a template file .
given a generator which yields strings and a splitter function , joins all input , splits on the separator and yields each chunk .
extract the first file enclosed in a zip file as a list of words
ensure configuration property is absent in / usbkey / config name : string name of property
read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome .
convert code strings into
utility method to parse a string of code .
converts the string " s " to a sympy expression , in local _ dict .
fail unless the rpm file at rpm _ path contains all the expected _ paths .
get consoles for a given instance .
testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless
return the aggregate output file from s3 .
read 64bit float matrix from bti file .
collect a set of hosts and an optional chroot from a string .
does our pretty printing , makes matt very happy
return current logo encoded as base64
retrieves items in batches of the given size .
recursion on coupling layers .
clickable number of solutions for a problem , virtual field
get sorcery version .
list the acl tokens .
parse a quantifier from the input , where " ch " is the first character in the quantifier .
we want to generate a requirements . txt file which can be detected by our build system in order to install the required modules .
print a help menu .
return fast binary morphological closing of an image .
custom event loop implementation
creates a client for working with autoscale .
sets a language chooser function that accepts one parameter : language
computes equation 10 , p .
commits a transaction .
specify a third - party package to use .
write a msg to stderr .
find an intermediate rechunk that would merge some adjacent blocks together in order to get us nearer the * new _ chunks * target , without violating the * block _ size _ limit * .
get additional version information from the windows registry and return a tuple referring to version number , csd level , and os type .
if path is relative make absolute by prepending root
set the score and max _ score for the specified user and xblock usage .
add typing for a given cffi type to the typemap
standard signal hook to create badges when a user has completed a prespecified set of courses .
add the given fake facilities
show more videos from user of vid num .
return art url from albumart . org using album asin .
get all extensions from core and all subprojects .
undo the effects of : func : pyramid . testing . setup .
return a | document | object loaded from * docx * , where * docx * can be either a path to a . docx file or a file - like object .
test the merge only debug option .
gets the workspace size for cudnn .
generate go source file by invoking protobuf compiler .
returns an attributes value , or none if undefined .
given a list of tokens , return a generator of the chunks of text for the data in the tokens .
return a url which mistral uses to talk back to the stackstorm api .
extract the version number without the > < = requirements .
get the amount of free memory for cuda operations .
retrieves the resource documents that match the current request .
ensure that tcp keepalives are set for the socket .
returns an aggregate function name .
measure the " edginess " of an image image should be a 2d numpy array
given the name of a python module , return a type description suitable to be passed to imp . load _ module ( )
compute the geometric mean
check that the given order is a known test running order .
return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped , if one was present .
applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
the freshdesk api is currently pretty broken : statuses are customizable but the api will only tell you the number associated with the status , not the name .
do the hard work for readmodule [ _ ex ] .
all information available about all nodes should be returned in this function .
send employee birthday reminders if no stop birthday reminders is not set .
get a matrix that morphs data from one subject to another .
takes a list of theano variables and joins their non shared inputs into a single input .
annotations only exist in python 3 .
get the list of vagrant machines
sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams
return true if an expression is ok with current messages
a distance metric between bags of words representation .
unicode - safe conversion of an object s into a utf - 8 encoded str , to be used instead of str ( s )
get a list of all available bears .
get the clipboards text using tkinter .
install and build static assets .
compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
get the paths by list .
computes the minimal polynomial of an algebraic element .
create a unique url for this plot in plotly and optionally open url .
returns a plain - text traceback of the given thread , or none if it cant get a traceback .
computes spearmans rank correlation .
log and run ovs - vsctl command .
get a list of albums for an id .
generate a random uuid .
pulls out the transaction id of the packet
helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that , when executed , raise an invalidsignature that is equal to an invalidsignature created with the passed in keyword arguments .
loads all backends
convert a text to a text3d object .
return a span string representation .
converts a player - supplied string that may have wildcards in it to regular expressions .
find the best match for a given mime - type against a list of media _ ranges that have already been parsed by parse _ media _ range ( ) .
return image description from data shape and meta data .
return the replica set slave delay
appends a hook to the the target dict .
create a recursive descent parser demo , using a simple grammar and text .
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
get the information content of the least common subsumer that has the highest information content value .
execute the command passed with pecl
get a pretty print view of the given number of bytes .
this function runs the given command ; waits for it to finish ; then returns all output as a string .
returns the number of gap openings in the given hsp .
select the pyzmq backend
calculate the default directory to use for temporary files .
procstats main loop
returns information about the children of an xblock , as well as about the primary category of xblock expected as children .
returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response .
passing - - failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure
imports an object by name .
emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
generate an inline visual representations of a single color palette .
decode the input , returning a tuple .
hack to keep optionparser from writing to sys . stderr when calling self . exit from self . error
open a pcap , seek to a packet offset , then get all packets belonging to the same connection .
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
index of all pages .
check if the user in request is the user who log in
handles the search for friends with autocompletion .
takes a dict of package name / version information and joins each list of installed versions into a string .
ensure that backticks that do not contribute inside the inline or block regions are not highlighted .
run wireshark on a list of packets
page through text on a text terminal .
renders the view used to manage user standing .
removes a space separated list of [ x ] html tags from the output .
if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the
connect to server and upload files .
accepts a datetime object and a timezone name .
update list of django objects in one sql query , optionally only overwrite the given fields .
helper method to avoid referencing objects . instancegroup on import .
retrieves the information on currently active history items , and formats them for displaying in the queue
restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
new - return a new hashing object using the named algorithm ; optionally initialized with a string .
retrieve json results file from url and return df df contains timings for all successful vbenchmarks
get the pool of a volume .
computes the mean average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 kdd cup .
helper method used in tr
compare elements if a and b have same elements
wrapper around c _ declare that declares py _ name .
verify an array meets the desired ndims and array isnt empty .
sends an nzb to sabnzbd via the api .
make grand average of a list evoked data .
this regex was brought to you by django !
a function to generate url _ for helpers .
returns a generator that yields - tuples of visited pages .
return the registry cache dictionary .
returns a boolean of whether the raw _ password was correct .
tasks assigned to current user
execute queries against postgres , merge and return as a dict
try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows : e . g . it is also responsible for assert checks . : : if isinstance : k .
please dont use .
extract common content from a pair of polynomials in k [ x ] .
scan for the configured services and fire events
get all computenodes .
emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ update _ commands ( ) .
returns true if derivative is out - of - date wrt original , both of which are full file paths .
make a canvas active .
clobber the _ ct _ inventory attribute of this object and all sub - objects on save .
look up or register an account and return it .
list the people username follows .
parse queries which only allow filters and ascending - orders on _ _ key _ _ .
wrap the _ do _ request function to handle http redirects .
verify that settings in list are of the allowed type or raise typeerror .
load and preprocess an image
strips the docstring from a string representation of the file .
create a single vm from a data dict .
returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n .
picks the object obj where func has the highest value .
helper to all groups for plugins
find respective roster file .
dummy implementation of _ thread . start _ new _ thread ( ) .
returns the a generator of primary keys which represent descendants of the given page id
modifies the table names to restore the long - naming .
convert an ipv4 address in network form to text form .
sends a message to the admins , as defined by the admins setting .
returns email information marked as none , used in event email cannot be loaded
return a lut of legendre polynomial coeffs .
return the name , arguments , and return type of the first function definition found in * code * .
renders the template for the action description { % display _ action action % }
return the minion keys directory paths .
combine all of the data in an object tree from the perspective of that point on the tree , and produce a merged dictionary containing consolidated data .
return string representation of cookie in an the lwp cookie file format .
create a new bookmark collection project .
make sure two sets of labels are equal
attach a lot of summaries to a tensor .
decode a bson string to document _ class .
returns a string in readable hex encoding .
copy a reference .
read the element data of type : data : binary
elementwise square root function .
create a stack name
signals nginx to start , reload , reopen or stop .
mock command for openshift _ cmd
provided for backwards compatibility .
return a file - like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes .
list sources bound to a zone . .
generates a buffer lookup function for the right number of dimensions .
convenience function to format and return a key = value pair .
returns a list of valid rfc2822 addresses that can be found in source , ignoring malformed ones and non - ascii ones .
kronecker product of two matrices .
returns a normalized date using a utc timezone
return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter .
responds to the request with the given response code .
sanitise the redirection url .
create a file - back zfs pool for flocker .
send an arp reply .
convert a pem - encoded byte string into one or more der - encoded byte strings
return uniform random unit quaternion .
parse a line number spec and return a list of wanted line numbers .
gpu convolution using cudnn from nvidia .
draw a histogram as a stepped patch .
returns mackinnons approximate p - value for teststat .
get all labels linked to a relase .
do a cmp - style comparison on two packages .
finds all migrations of an instance in progress .
delete a document from an index
runs all available detection operations on the local resources .
take a list of args , and convert any dicts inside the list to keyword args in the form of key = value , ready to be passed to salt - ssh
replace the xenserver address present in url with host _ addr .
visualise each segment in label _ field with its mean color in image .
python implementation of systemfunction005 .
passed off to scipy . interpolate . interp1d .
deletes share document and removes namespace from model .
shows a summary detailing which examples were successful and which failed .
return as read from a wav file , expects int16 data .
return a factory that creates a csv - based uploadworkitem generator .
create a profile for the current user , if one doesnt already exist .
parse a time expression to seconds after midnight .
gets the current git revision hash as hex string .
get desk assets to be loaded for mobile app
checks if postmap is available
get the plugins directory path .
cast obj to unicode string
check if service url belongs to proxy campaigns : osf preprints and branded ones .
create an lstm cell .
creates debian packages .
returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations .
given the version number of the ios sdk , determine what the application id is that was assigned to the simulator viewfinder application by walking the filesystem
older versions of python and the windows platform are renowned for mixing up special floats .
check for spacewalk configuration in master config file or directory and load runner only if it is specified
given a sequence of : class : path objects ,
the scrolledwindow widget allows you to scroll any kind of tk widget .
set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations
render token data http response .
decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments .
read a simple undirected graph in graph6 format from string .
get the data for a particular value
yields sorted tuples .
fill an inset gcode file .
sort roots based on magnitude .
create a custom condition instance
decorator that redirect user to next page if he is already logged .
transform a string to a number .
sort lines with pvals in descending order .
record the purchase and run purchased _ callbacks
data - > gzip encoded data
aggregates ldap search result based on rules , returns a dictionary .
this is a proxy function to hide microsite _ configuration behind comprehensive theming .
asserts the tabular output contains n columns .
indent an instance of a : class : element .
used to convert bool intrance to false since any string in bool ( ) will return true
uniform initalization from [ - scale , scale ]
normalize column using modified standard score
increment a custom new relic metric representing a counter .
list items of a particular type
first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely .
reboot a machine by name
defined in admin module , so redirect there
notes view to handle list and search requests .
prints out basic information about an asn1value object .
setup the browser .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
sequence of associated legendre functions of the first kind .
perform a walk in a depth - first order starting at * head * .
return subgraph centrality for each node in g .
extract the embedding matrix from the given word2vec binary file and use this to initalize a new embedding matrix for words found in vocab .
creates a new keyczar crypt keyset used for encryption and decryption and writes it to secrets subdir .
creates a new vpn service
turn an email address , possibly with realname part etc , into a form suitable for and smtp envelope .
creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
create a new library instance from the configuration .
migrates the lms and cms across all databases
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
monte carlo p - values for gof currently hardcoded for a ^ 2 only assumes vectorized fit _ vec method , builds and analyses sample in one step rename function to less generic this works also with nrep = 1
defines the organisations and branches for which the role test data is to be created .
check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset
perform a calculation on the num most recent values .
return whether the row matches the list of conditions
returns a dictionary mapping : id : for the given object .
hook to install the type under a specific name .
split expression for chunked computation
override the default timeout for forcemerge , snapshot , and sync _ flush operations if the default value of 30 is provided .
bump cache for given shop product
this section is for arguments parsing
caching is not completely configured .
convert a boto3 list of resource tags to a flat dict of key : value pairs
get container infos
registers a callback to be invoked when the rdfvalue named is declared .
get the carving for the parser .
convert a dict to xml for use in a build . xml file
display a javascript confirm prompt .
an iterator that yields the next character from " pattern _ iter " , respecting escape sequences .
provided utility function : given a symbolic vector of probabilities , sample one element and return its index .
get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
load config info from a . json file and return it .
find all files in a given directory that match a given regex .
internet gateway fail to attach twice
example of a first - order model .
calculate the surface neighbors based on triangulation .
return a string which is capitalized using - as a word separator .
list the packages installed on the system
returns a list of tuples of all ports available for the tenant .
returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
install all addon requirements .
convert object * obj * to a native optional structure .
given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name
the highstate outputter is only meant to be used with the state . highstate function , or a function that returns highstate return data .
raises an assertionerror if objects are not equal up to desired precision .
recursively remove an entire directory tree .
test whether a path is a regular file
return a copy of a bytestore with the newoffset .
deserialize a stream or string of json data .
extract constant table expresseions from a query
run a coroutine func in the given stackcontext .
decorator for testing unary mathematical chainer functions .
basic networking setup goes here .
represent acls in tables for testing purposes , not for production use !
return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data .
write the output file for module / package .
return the path segments of a url .
run a " kapacitor . present " state after setting up mocks , and return the state return value as well as the mocks to make assertions .
set boot variables like system image and kickstart image .
sends a post request .
return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings .
parse a version of flocker .
a decorator for ryu application to declare an event handler .
local datetime object of the next sun rising .
delete to word end and see if it comes back with yank .
surface fitting constraint .
class decorator to register msg parser
compute satisfiability in a partial model .
an option of type list .
factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
check for differences in the updatable values .
register new account with an acme ca .
returns collection titles and categories for the given ids .
export a list of kits in adobe pdf format
check if we are running in the globalzone
get the full path to a resource on the public notes api .
creates type - specific entity _ pb . propertyvalues .
remove a protocol from the specified service .
return a list of all directories on the master
loop across chunks of testing slices .
returns the negative log - likelihood of y conditional on the information set
run tests in vm
resolve conflicts and assign keys to every action in shortcuts , which must be a ordereddict .
retrieve marketable programs from the catalog service .
regex rewrite incoming url
catch the warnings , then check if all the expected warnings have been raised and re - raise unexpected warnings .
clears given limit from the site config , and removes limit from site config if its empty
check to see if an elasticache security group exists .
change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems
get the length of a sorted set in redis
return the indent size , in spaces , at the start of a line of text .
find all instances where the pattern is in the running command . .
write a table object to a fits file
metadef tags resource factory method
this function will run once logging has been configured .
given an object , returns its " message to " url .
simple wrapper around image _ type to yield a true / false verdict
this is a backwards compatibility function .
default callback function for system _ specific _ zipping
get an objc class by name
generates string for formatted map file .
parse _ _ namespace _ _ queries .
iterate over group ids and make sure they are present in the backend .
parses the payload and finds previous and current value of change _ type .
group items by backend type .
returns a random integer x with minvalue < = x < = maxvalue
factory method to return an appropriate metricsiface - based module args : metricspec - an instance of metricspec .
update neutron port with the allowed address pairs
backward propagation activation function derivative .
setup the eq - 3 ble thermostats .
redirects the user to the login page , passing the given next page
a function for populating the : class : fontkey by extracting information from the truetype font file .
clones given rt nlri path , and updates it with new rt _ nlri as .
gets invoice copy users preferences .
decorator to indicate that annotations are not type hints .
check if the css of the current element defines a fixed width font
we go ahead and call our observer once at startup to get an initial value
extract an opcode from dns message flags .
get vpc resources based on resource type and name , id , or tags .
return a l { deferred } that has already had c { . errback } called .
request and return elastic ip
ensure the sqs queue exists .
returns a style object from the django color scheme .
return the maximum size of ping payload that will fit into mtu .
make an existing toplevel widget transient for a master .
parse blockdevicemappingitemtype into flat hash
base pprint for all exceptions .
had to do this because xml parsing with lxml is slow and memory intensive , see test _ phishtank _ xml _ parsing . py for more information on this .
convert string r to a timedelta object .
compute normals over a triangulated surface
detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical .
a naive synchronous version of apply _ async
require an rpm package to be installed .
delete a metadef property
create all the empty directories under base _ dir needed to put files there .
convert anonymous user to none .
create a requests . response with the given response code and message .
folds the case of a string .
compute class means .
removes the edges between node1 and node2 .
export the profile from the gcode text as a zip file .
get the skeinforge directory path .
return a host string for an address in leasefile format .
dot product convenience wrapper for vector . dot ( ) :
returns estimate of r for a set of traces .
generate a uuid from a host id , sequence number , and the current time .
test concurrent operations on a lazily - connecting client .
only load if the quota module is available in _ _ salt _ _
generate a random integer value
create an excel date from a tuple of
parse a uri string into a urireference .
decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w . r . t .
run a command in - place
store the mapping of denoised seq ids to input ids .
select a file from every depth of a file _ tree .
compiles all translations .
pads the message for encryption , returning the padded message .
decorator to check vm and / or task state before entry to api functions .
finds the shortest number of hops required to reach a node from s .
show if rdp is enabled on the server
query the status of something
convert a np / scipy vector into gensim document format .
check if a string contains any url reserved characters .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
command : if relexpr then error
kill the process with the given pid using the given signal .
sample index from probability distribution
retrieve all default quotas .
get and display the acl for a resource .
handle the plot directive .
make a call that returns multiple times .
return a list of all meta . yaml file that where modified / created recently .
compute a lower bound of the 1 - norm of a sparse matrix .
ensure an ace is present
converts utf - 8 strings to codepoints array
the negative log likelihood loss .
wrapper around django . template . loader . render _ to _ string which supports different template libraries .
invert a transformation between coordinate systems .
registers our fancy importer that can let us import from a module name , like : import sh tmp = sh ( ) from tmp import ls
read 8bit integer from bti file .
only return if hiera is installed
prompts for yes or no response from the user .
ajax preview of posts .
quickly see if file is a zip file by checking the magic number .
returns a - tuple for the given city .
games returns a list of all games matching the given criteria .
returns logger used by multiprocessing
returns a list of groups for the library index page .
fab - h username @ host down : appname
return a python object compiled from a string .
add an email to the email queue
will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
make the filename relative to the directory containing . spec file if filename is relative and not absolute .
this function is called before opening the project
make a package repository and optionally sign packages present
remove the existing indentation from each line of a chunk of text , s , and then prefix each line with a new indent string .
returns selected languages bidi layout .
return true if the given object is a mapped class ,
find pending emails and amalgamates them into a single email .
apply a branching rule repeatedly until it has no effect
pad or trim list to len length .
return true if this is likely to be a cloaked encrypted post
construct python interpreter arguments
compute resultant of f and g modulo a prime p .
only load if the smtp module is available in _ _ salt _ _
installs the base system and python requirements for the entire server .
add media uploads to queue
create a qtoolbutton directly from a qaction object
creates a densenet model in lasagne .
splodge a gcode linear move file or text .
returns the conf file of haproxy .
get python method object from its name .
streams n random bytes generated with given seed , at given chunk size per packet .
processes stitched barcoded reads , writes barcode , parsed stitched read read _ data : list of header , read , quality scores output _ bc _ fastq : open output fastq filepath output _ fastq : open output fastq reads filepath bc1 _ len : length of barcode to remove from beginning of read1 stitched data bc2 _ len : length of barcode to remove from end of read2 stitched data rev _ comp _ bc1 : reverse complement barcode 1 before writing .
dont throw exception if the resource exists .
get the operational state of a systemd based container path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
see if a list of arrays are all numeric .
load a neural network from the file filename .
alternate shell text .
analyze the given title and return a dictionary with the " stripped " title , the kind of the show , the year of production and the optional imdbindex .
get a data directory for the caller function , or c { modulename } if given .
ensure that a widget too small to hold the entire label text will elide .
get the llamalab automate notification service .
save / submit / update doclist
find executable in current dir , system path or given programfiles subdir
builds a unique key for the filter operator .
delete a splunk user by email
detect which is the target web application back - end database management system .
deactivate account on server
returns n digit string representation of the num
decorator to indicate that a method is a periodic task .
convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
parse target _ expressing splitting it into engine , delimiter , pattern - returns a dict
create a low - level service client by name using the default session .
test stc expansion
determine if a method has been overridden .
migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
create a pool
store a certificate to the given store name
ensure correct open is paired with correct close .
compute partial - fraction expansion of b ( s ) / a ( s ) .
add nested ring beginning to gcode output .
choose a random example ip address .
add a node to a pool
make a regex that looks kind of like r .
accuracy tests for the fk4 to / from fk5 conversion , with arbitrary equinoxes and epoch of observation .
checks if at least one host group that matches the given filter criteria exists .
returns the maximum cardinality matching of the bipartite graph g .
check if all workers are still alive .
loop through sites and enqueue events that are not already queued
given a view class , return a textual name to represent the view .
generate private uuid for internal use in sharejs namespacing .
checks the local cache for the file , if its old or missing go grab the file from s3 and update the cache
converts an xml string into a documentlistaclfeed object .
returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured .
sends html mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
constructs a sorting function that bubbles results from the current locale to the top of the list .
restful crud controller
returns the current active catalog for further processing .
create a group volume _ type mapping entry .
split a bezier segment defined by its controlpoints * beta * into two separate segment divided at * t * and return their control points .
tests creating a new object using the api .
tokenize a strports string and yield each token .
interface to git - stash ( 1 ) _ , returns the stdout from the git command cwd
return total lifetime pageviews for given codename ( s ) .
delete the directory if it exists .
make sure cgroups file system is mounted
creates a taguri .
return display of results from a full - text whoosh search of data libraries .
converts a numpy kernel matrix from theano format to tensorflow format .
carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler .
starts an existing guest , or defines and starts a new vm with specified arguments .
clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
method to format error message .
stop and unload any active inspectors for the given * ctx * .
generates a random username
returns the list of quadratic residues .
searches if show names are present in the db
transform document to an xml - like form with html5lib .
the assumed resource format in lower case .
load an image from a fits file .
generates a compressed url .
get the width of the terminal .
a decorator to declare that only the first n arguments may be positional .
gets name of playbook from the filepath , which is the last part of the filepath .
test the behavior of - - editable - - outdated flag in the list command
remove data values from param _ values , along with metadata cruft , but track the associations .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
can only handle specification * data * in dictionary format .
get and write a crafted shape file .
remove all entries from the vocab dictionary with count smaller than min _ reduce .
set document value .
return a list of meters by resource .
return the sum of val1 and val2 as two float64s , an integer part and the fractional remainder .
formats a numified datestring properly .
obtain an authorization token for the github api .
generates various types of boxplots for distance comparisons .
return whether the given job is currently configured .
get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
resets an alarm on a given hostsystem in a vcenter to the green state without someone having to log in to do it manually .
creates a bidding strategy object .
return an optiongroup object group - - assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser - - an optparse parser
convert to integer
the gunicorn _ paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2
build os - dependent paths properly .
set gl configuration for glfw
creates an autoname from the given key :
calculate brevity penalty .
the main program without error handling
a synonym for : func : relationship .
resources resource factory method .
get member definitions in pair for group .
flatten a list of list with any level .
get the application id of an app .
upper triangle of an array .
either add or update the given course update .
get or create osfstorageguidfile record .
color a string using ansi escape characters .
make view ignore shop maintenance mode
parse a list of strings like key = value into a dictionary .
return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
determine if the polygon goes round in the widdershins direction .
looks for year patterns , and if found return the year and group span .
get all key _ pairs by user .
returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
returns a list of instances with a given name
return system disk partitions .
return a piptestenvironment which is unique to each test function and will execute all commands inside of the unique virtual environment for this test function .
return true if ~ / env is old - style or false if new style .
normalize univariate polynomial in the given domain .
read in a record from a file with exactly one prodoc record .
return raw http representation of the given response .
returns a message delete confirmation page .
clears any cached info that was exported from the os trust store .
filter queryset based on keywords .
redirect all requests that come here to an api call with a view parameter .
convert the forward solution to fixed ori from free .
return osquery _ registry information from osquery
test epochs from raw files with io as fif file .
helper function to call initdb
batch spatial transformer layer
tries to guess the url of zabbix frontend .
ensure that all inputs to watershed have matching shapes and types .
execute the file at the specified path with the passed - in globals .
given a course _ id , return a courseware array of dictionaries for the top three levels of navigation .
collect the information and construct the output .
load a config file and merge it into the default options .
creates a list of json objects that contain node information and are needed to perform a backup / restore task on the current appscale deployment .
eigenvector centrality for nodes in the graph ( cfr .
read metamorph stk uic1tag from file and return as dictionary .
attempts to retrieve a reliable function code hash .
set a single config value in the main . cf file .
provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform .
verifies that a directory does not exist .
return hilbert transform of a periodic sequence x .
show pools missing for rgw
return a string representing the default user agent .
formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk : : style layout and ttk : : style settings .
remove a user from the locale role .
the main function .
provides a unique uid given a string prefix .
load js code files .
remove reserved windows device names from a name .
lists all tasks by creation time .
define an alias
check that the given service is available .
get the evaluated value .
conver jar to java .
return a dictionary parsed from a cookie : header string .
project delete confirmation view
import an engine by name
generate the markov matrix for the kmr model with * sequential * move
return the line number where the template error was found
similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is * not * also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
override all configuration default values for keystone .
return a data structure of the current , in - memory rules
returns an iterator over sqlalchemy filter expressions .
check if were currently running on a ci system .
return file information from osquery
add builders and construction variables for python extensions to an
inverse of the jones reparameterization
check that something isnt an attribute or function name etc .
helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
write a skeinisoed gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate skeiniso is selected .
edits the given text in the defined editor .
filter based on histogram - based mode function
test whether a path is a mount point
builds a response object from the data returned by ftplib , using the specified encoding .
get computenodes given a hypervisor hostname match string .
removes a user from the access control list of the given bucket .
convert a list of the following form : [ years , weeks , days , hours , minutes ]
remove duplicates from sequence wile preserving order .
for a given course _ id , generate a html report containing information , which provides a snapshot of how the course is doing .
send email notification regarding modified device
index page : displays all items
checks if any resources will go over quota based on the request .
return info about students who may enroll in a course as a dict .
test purging user using purge _ user function
obtain current python import prefixes from document . env
copy treebuilders from the given module into this module .
change the debug level .
estimates the shrunk ledoit - wolf covariance matrix .
create a snapshot object .
list of possible view types .
stack arrays along a new axis
attempts to load the liblabjackusb . so for linux .
returns admin - index template snippet for the given app .
the missing strerror for irods error codes
change account policy .
fixture which provides a fake quickmark manager object .
destroys a vm record .
wrap thing in a list if its a single str .
define a volume based on the xml - file path passed to the function
determine if the relationship between a repository _ dependency record associated with a tool _ shed _ repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated .
checks if the function does not require authentication .
read named ranges , excluding poorly defined ranges .
notify the support team of the refund request .
returns the average global efficiency of the graph .
generate text conditioned on c
build descriptor for enum class .
moves an argument to a new name , keeping the old as a hidden alias .
computes the manhattan distance .
generates credits data for given component .
set the data to be presented on the parallel port .
the { % if % } tag evaluates a variable , and if that variable is " true "
two - way mismatch algorithm for f0 detection [ better to use the c version of this function : uf _ c . twm ] pfreq , pmag : peak frequencies in hz and magnitudes , f0c : frequencies of f0 candidates returns f0 , f0error : fundamental frequency detected and its error
attach a text label above each bar displaying its height
dump a certificate revocation list to a buffer .
completely delete item
get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
border control points - restful crud controller
change replica count
check for fits standard compliance .
run code checkers with given params .
factory for clustermanager class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file .
colors a set of groups in data _ color _ order , handling special colors .
tries to convert a free - form bps string into a bitrate .
fail unless a warning of class warning _ class is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs .
turns the given value into tuple of 4bit bytes , ordered from most significant to least significant byte
make sure python and numpy have supported versions .
manage the computers name name
check that left and right index are equal .
resize using python imaging library .
debian uses update - rc . d to manage system - v style services .
import and return the pydot module if the currently installed version of this module satisfies networkx requirements _ or _ raise an exception .
fuzzy search for query in list of strings , dictionaries , tulpes , or lists
add host to deny _ hosts . rules and immediately load new rule into firewall
set the preferred time zone for the channel .
checks to see if the user has attained a sufficient score to pass the exam
only for macos
provides the workings needed by setcolor , and can perform this for any arbitrary color type .
require an " unlisted addons " reviewer user .
return instance uuid by name _ label .
run tests from a unittest . testsuite - derived class .
remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works .
run configure passing in the correct host , build , and target options .
return the context of a given exception .
delete a field .
create and return a temporary file .
given a show name , return the indexerid of the exception , none if no exception is present .
decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value
render date in the current locale
decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid matching in g .
fake dataproc cluster metadata
a convenience function .
verifies that the signature matches the message .
return a list of groups the named user belongs to
returns a response with an unexpired renewal .
removes a file reference from the db .
register an adapter class .
translate http status code to exit status code .
shared main for any individual test _ * file .
returns image ec2 _ id using id and three letter type .
try to reed the metadata from the filename based on the given re .
given the name of a python file , find an appropropriate module name .
create a virtual interface record in the database .
bronsteins full partial fraction decomposition algorithm .
do glob expansion for each element in args and return a flattened list .
downgrades assets db by copying the exchange _ full column to exchange , then dropping the exchange _ full column .
change the password for a specified user
given the fused cname id and an original cname , return a specialized cname
basic gradient ascent step .
command : if error then integer
upload an image to the media provider .
compute the crt private _ exponent % value from the rsa private _ exponent and q .
create a python virtual environment _ .
view topics of a user .
render a field
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
return the cover art archive and cover art archive release group urls using album musicbrainz release id and release group id .
convert an ip version number to a human - friendly string
best practice generator wrapper around connection . drain _ events .
retrieve youtube playlist .
translate a combined selector .
removes ansi styling information from a string .
return the percentage of connections used
get the ips for all deployment nodes .
gets the list of comments for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value , whose name is defined by the as clause .
build a residual network and initialize a zero flow .
compute finite difference approximation of the derivatives of a vector - valued function .
returns json - encoded lists of layer identifiers that represent the sets of read - write and read - only layers for the currently authenticated user .
return a sorted list of keywords similar to the one given .
set the specified syslog configuration parameter .
multi - core hosts only
returns default context as a dict ( )
returns a key function that produces a key by sorting a string .
look up serializer in / etc / cobbler / modules . conf
given an object , return true if the object is callable .
finds the names of all serial ports present on the system
create a data set with missing values .
execute csf command
set key = value in config file
delete a grr temp file .
lazy variant of string concatenation , needed for translations that are constructed from multiple parts .
returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type .
backs up the project database .
ansible dynamic inventory experimentation
flag app for rereview if it receives an adult content rating .
craft a gcode file with the last module .
make sure each test starts with a default url prefixer .
in case filepath is a symlink , follow it until a real file is reached .
create a file with one element per line
restful crud controller
updates the incompatible _ versions table for this version .
checks code for ambiguous tabs or other basic parsing issues .
remove any existing dag runs for the perf test dags .
copies one or multiple files to a new location .
generate an output message for " rpc " - style api methods .
get symmetrix y loop .
determine if the yclosetocenterpath is outside .
transaction decorator factory .
call cookiecutter ( ) with no _ input = false and extra _ context
prefix the tag we will use for datadog .
trying to fix some more or less common errors in vcards for now only missing fn properties are handled
worker function to use in parallel hub capacity test below .
a shortcut to create a tcp socket , bind it and put it into listening state .
if groups is specified , return the response as a list of n - element tuples with n being the value found in options [ groups ]
iteratively parse a file and return each of the trees it contains .
a decorator making reuse of the ordinary dicts docstrings more concise .
send a message to a pushover channel .
create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector .
get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
return an object header for the given numeric type and text length .
enables support for rate - limits on api methods
given a polygon with vertices defined by , rotate the polygon such that the north pole of the spherical coordinates is now at .
checks if df is the logarithmic derivative of a k ( t ) - radical .
instead of using register _ hstore ( ) which converts hstore into a python dict , we query the oid of hstore which will be different for each database and register a type caster that converts it to unicode .
the main runner function
determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data
lookup the root organisation name of a branch organisation
build software using a recipe .
make a connection to the specified ras entry .
renames specified tables in the database
return list of services that have the specified service status name a glob for service name .
sends a message to the managers , as defined by the managers setting .
verify that the given package is installed and is at the correct version .
return the version of a ms sql server .
insert inherited column to assignment table pk constraints .
extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys .
generate example certificates for a course .
given a set of states , return the union of the epsilon closures of its member states .
parse a quantifier from the input , where " ch " is the first character in the quantifier .
update the language session key .
write content to destination file dest , only if the content has changed .
list apps in site
print results on screen by using curses .
a decorator to be used module functions which need to cache their context .
returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api .
get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user .
parse special arguments passed when generating urls .
find the minimum power of a in the series expansion of expr
load the windows launcher suitable for launching a script .
create a base class with a metaclass .
transform a numpy arrays into serialized format
escalate a question to zendesk by submitting a ticket .
check for missing hourly traffic between start and end .
destroys the current tf graph and creates a new one .
generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
validate that the request has a properly signed user - agent .
fetch data for blob .
apply operators to states in a quantum expression .
build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values .
delete the specified dns entry .
groups the powers and bases in the given ~ astropy . units . compositeunit into positive powers and negative powers for easy display on either side of a solidus .
we attempt to guess the name of interfaces that are truncated from the output of ifconfig - l .
attempt to execute non - shared storage " all " migration
adds an instance method to an object .
add two 32 - bit words discarding carry above 32nd bit , and without creating a python long .
given a list of document2 objects , perform a depth - first search and return a set of documents with all dependencies included
test for model stability , breaks in parameters for ols , hansen 1992
returns the custom logging handler modules
save the thumbnail image
parse the repo line
returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra _ args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib
set provider - independent settings .
powers up the managed server .
remove the zip file , then generate a new one . zip - r reprap _ python _ beanshell * - x * . pyc * ~
very simple patterns .
add a character set alias .
creates a responder for " 405 method not allowed "
concatenate schemas together .
return the size of the file .
get account policy for the aws account .
toggle watching a document for edits .
return discrete sine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
given a policy name , delete it .
create the specified folder path in this vmware environment . .
find ipythons data _ files .
get a configuration option .
extract a tarball to a specified directory name instead of whatever the top level of a tarball is - useful for versioned directory names , etc
render a sequence of pairs or an ordereddict as a comma - separated list .
returns the exploitable vulnerabilities .
return an empty gateway option .
convert a cmp = function into a key = function
returns a tuple .
returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
upload diffs to the code review server
read past a bom at the beginning of a source file .
require sudo permissions for a given user .
unsubscribe a user from a mailchimp mailing list given its name .
cancel a received shipment
work module resource headers
return the minion configuration settings
virtual field for vol _ activity _ hours - returns the date of the first day of the month of this entry , used for activity hours report .
makes a request for the specified path on / ws / 2 on the globally - specified hostname .
given two absolute paths , work out a path from origin to destination .
tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find _ library ( ) function .
ensure that the given magic _ kind is valid .
get craft preferences .
it does upgrade to specific version requested .
compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix - vector multiplication .
data channel indices to be used knowing an inverse operator .
return the ladder graph of length n .
report usage error and exit program with error indication .
ensure that the named package is installed and the latest available package .
returns the gravatar url for the specified email .
uninstall an import hook .
calculate and save the support forum contributor counts .
view the answers to a question .
run a shell based job .
return language code for lookup in local dictionary .
pre - generate an android apk for a public app .
set up the bom sensor .
implements emsa - pkcs1 - v1 _ 5 - encode ( ) function described in sect .
get hostname from replication cache group
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
returns a dictionary for template contexts used for review requests .
associate a callable with a particular func .
check that a file upload can be updated into the post dictionary without going pear - shaped .
check the list of open tabs in the session .
writes the message to the log file using the given level .
decorator for v2 . 1 api methods which specifies expected exceptions .
parse the ucd into its component parts .
broadcast a given variable to a given shape .
plot the kernal density estimate over the sample .
test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
get extended line segment .
idempotentally converts an integer to a tuple of integers of a given size .
discover most recent version supported by api and client .
list the tables in a given project .
print list of commands to run
build master controller _ args
wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls .
pack an instance onto a set of siblings .
all available services
apply a scanline filter to a scanline .
simple socket based check to find out if port is already in use
get the repository constructor .
delete acl group .
generate support for a type library .
get the configurations path formats as a list of query / template pairs .
ensure that the sender id is valid , based on the emails intent .
output the graph for latex .
sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device .
extract the srid from a postgis raster string .
uses values in * data * as indexes to select values from * lut * .
filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed
this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary .
set up common fixtures for pidlockfile test cases .
returns a sympy function with expr as binary implementation
create dask dataframe from many dask delayed objects
reprovision a vm vm : string vm to be reprovisioned image : string uuid of new image key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
set the default colormap to pink and apply to current image if any .
performs the fast fourier transform of a real - valued input on the gpu .
set up information about the columns , number of rows , and reader params to read a bunch of test files and verify columns and number of rows .
destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
return the current user name , or none if getuser ( ) does not work in the current environment .
gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
create an imageproperty object
wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app .
creates and returns the push script
run an sni - enabled server which selects between a few certificates in a
gets all virtual _ interfaces for instance .
strip all admin _ password , new _ pass , rescue _ pass keys from a dict .
device is monitored with server density .
get block device mapping for a given volume .
given a preview object and a file somewhere : encode into the full preview size and generate a thumbnail .
returns true if the executable is available on the minion , false otherwise
run a callback in a transaction .
does a diff on the tokens themselves , returning a list of text chunks .
removes tokens from a token stream where token . stopped = true .
check the total return value of the run and determine if the running dict has any issues
pitem : string expr
return all random variables in the tensorflow graph .
find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist .
return full os version string for build flavor
true if the node only contains one paragraph .
returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki _ slug
convert filepath to a regular path .
check if system state would change .
raises both general and resource - level events after the decorated function has been executed .
setup the demo switches .
returns a - tuple with a simplified universal part - of - speech tag .
restful crud controller
computes the sum along the given axis of a tensor input .
matches against list of regexp and returns first match
delete a portion of trailing data based on creation date .
return the latest downloadable repository _ metadata record for the received repository .
one - shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler .
ensure that the directory containing this path is available .
only accept array return type iff it is passed into the function .
returns a formatted date string meant for cli output
warn if dependencies arent met .
function to return an owslib wms object
get the extension of a given url
index _ assets page : displays all assets
return regressor to map word2vec to rnn word space
initialize custom stylesheets .
traverse the options and extract all excludes , or call option . fatal ( ) .
extract histogram of oriented gradients for a given image .
return a formatter function for a range of timedeltas .
return a list of the new modules , pass an lsmod dict before running modprobe and one after modprobe has run
returns a constructed source object without downloading or parsing the articles
create private network
check whether stream is compatible with numpy . fromfile .
performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices
split a symbol name into a name , superscripts and subscripts
finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating .
takes number and determines if it is prime .
direct the loop .
simulate a sourceestimate generator
workaround for issue # 569
search majority rule consensus tree from multiple trees .
determines whether a decision should be made without even asking the user .
return * true * if all elements of * seq * evaluate to * true * .
creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file .
center text with specified edge chars .
returns the url for an xblocks local resource .
determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header .
splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
tokenize javascript / jsx source .
return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem .
resource header for inventory adjustments
test spatio - temporal connectivity from triangles
get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory .
return the status for a service via daemontools , return pid if running
decodes a rrq / wrq packet .
quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values
small _ stmts : small _ stmts semicolon small _ stmt | small _ stmt
formats a summarized taxonomy with mapping information
convenience function to explicitly return a " field " specification for a bokeh : class : ~ bokeh . core . properties . dataspec property .
find a configuration file using the given hint .
this function is the sanctioned way of converting objects to a unicode representation .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
calls progress ( ) to redisplay the most recent progress message .
validate the fields specification in flds from a modeladmin subclass cls for the model model .
effective _ tld _ filename is the effective tld file to parse .
uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred
the extension for the one script that could be considered " the os script " for the given system . .
load a chromosome and all of its segments .
defragment mounted xfs filesystem .
code common to mkstemp , temporaryfile , and namedtemporaryfile .
html link to related revisions for admin change list
tests whether two folders , including all their contents and subdirectories are identical or not
only load if boto libraries exist .
retrieve the operational status of the port
return true if the minion matches the given pillar target .
ignores exceptions by always returning the filename and an empty string as read file content .
item endpoint handler
serves a js document
just like load _ sprite _ image but assumes tiled image is square
given a list of data , returns the max . . .
download a certain file from the file system
retrieve a role by name
converts a class vector to binary class matrix .
check if external address is allowed given access _ type access _ type : 1 = nzb , 2 = api , 3 = full _ api , 4 = webui , 5 = webui with login for external
no file on filesystem .
generic daily archive view .
like is _ valid _ args for builtins in our signatures registry
create an api key given name and description .
log a message usage : : log
helper function to do a search of policy data from a registry . pol file returns the " data " field URL [ key ; value ; type ; size ; data ]
generates the primitive roots for a prime p
append string text to filename .
generate access cookies , to identity user
get security group by its id .
train the network using both the default and the large starting weights .
parses a circuit path as a list of * * * * tuples .
list pending entries
sets the libvlc error status and message for the current thread .
get hypervisor statistics over all compute nodes .
parse a pip requirements . txt and raise an exception if any packages are not installed .
emit a dict name " texts " whose value is a list of texts .
returns a formatted date / time using babels locale settings .
set the enrollments and courses arrays to be empty .
optional www - authenticate header
handles extra keys in payload
gets all installed apps that are not from django . contrib returns a list of tuples with
return an icosahedral surface of the desired grade .
get the line number from a frame object , allowing for optimization .
calculates analytical surface area and volume for ellipsoid with semimajor axes aligned with grid dimensions of specified spacing .
returns the list of directories to be used for # include directives .
assemble an spline order k with knots t to interpolate y ( x ) using full matrices .
write an evoked dataset to a file .
restful crud controller
return available and unavailable zones on demand .
returns a rotation by k of n .
checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in / etc / apache2 / mods - enabled .
decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
given a decimal instance self and a python object other , return a pair of decimal instances such that " s op o " is equivalent to " self op other " for any of the 6 comparison operators " op " .
setup the nuimo component .
return a table object suitable for storing cached values for the namespace manager .
this tests a variety of coordinate conversions for the chandra point - source catalog location of m31 from ned .
listing of source strings to review .
returns last n lines of text file
validate the beacon configuration
resolves the argument to a numeric constant , which can be passed to the wrap _ socket function / method from the ssl module .
defines a setting for which the name has changed .
upload a document , unconverted .
normjoin combines the following python os . path functions in the following call order : join normcase normpath
display the current database version .
construct concatenation plan for given block manager and indexers .
print and then return the given data .
returns the total seconds in a datetime . timedelta .
takes an instance of datetime , converts it to the current timezone and formats it as a string .
reads / proc / cpuinfo and returns a list of file lines
confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
returns the names of the time zones as defined in the registry , but includes an index by which they may be sorted .
unwrapped version of " progress " .
the factorial of a number or array of numbers .
predict next words using the given prefix words .
morph a source estimate from one subject to another .
list all available or installed suse products .
grabs all custom resource classes from the db table and populates the supplied cache objects internal integer and string identifier dicts .
sends email notification to user on different phases during credit course e . g . , credit eligibility , credit payment etc .
retrieves dictionary with current environments name and prefix
check and set the parameters and perform checks on data option for
convert the argument of basic . find ( ) into a callable
rename src to dst , ignoring errors due to dst already existing .
search a document for a regex , return success / fail result
gets the feed mapping for a given feed .
help - list available commands
test that times like " 7am " are tokenized correctly and that numbers are converted to string .
creates a savepoint inside the current transaction .
a dateordatetime value is either an [ xmlschema - 2 ] date value or an [ xmlschema - 2 ] datetime value .
return all streams that have not been deactivated .
returns a modelform containing form fields for the given model .
a matplotlib - based image viewer command , wrapping matplotlib . pyplot . imshow but behaving more sensibly .
helper function to build a tag parameter list to send
signal handler for clearing shop product cache
returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular .
take a list of geometries in a string , and merge it .
install python packages with easy _ install .
copy a ctypes . pointer value into a new python string and return it .
given an objects . instance object , return a dict , keyed by resource class of the amount used by the instance .
low - level implementation of fn
build and return an postgis query .
decode the input , returning a tuple .
return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model .
parse the cps file from chimeraslayer .
return a sweet badge for the project
encode optional usage _ key and optional student into task _ key and task _ input values .
mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old .
check whether module possibly uses unsafe - for - zipfile stuff
add a unique id to every node in the doctree which matches the condition and yield the nodes .
returns the description for a given field type , if it exists ,
runs through the required functions of a launcher and then runs through the default usage of the script for a given config path and info path , ensuring each step passes if all steps finished successfully , this parses and returns the generated info json and stdout description json for more specific checks
attempt to post an issue comment and return whether it succeeded .
creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
loader for l { flex } framework compatibility classes .
returns pretty otu labels : lineage substring
delete non - internal ports created by quantum
a slightly better title template filter .
sets required environment variables for gae datastore library .
parse a document , returning the resulting document node .
performs sensor initialization
test application capability enumeration
validates the birth _ day and returns the datetime . date object for the birth _ day .
set the given properties on an service and update it .
test whether two open file objects reference the same file
makes decreasing ohlc sticks
start curses monitor .
recreate the image from the code book & labels
return a list of alembic configs , one per project .
determine the coordinate frame from input skycoord args and kwargs .
color difference according to ciede 94 standard
returns the config setting for the specified key .
create theano function from sympy expressions
returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix .
create a switchport object - access port
load the locale data for the given locale .
return original expr if rule raises exception
adds a role for a user on a tenant .
returns a list of vms for the the specified host .
helper function to display denoising
default the activitys organisation to that of the project
creates a new , empty working directory .
cleans the items location and sets the is _ draft attribute if needed .
get initial weights for a deeper conv2d layer by net2deeper .
return alembic version or none if no alembic table exists .
given a rule name , check to see if the given rule exists .
bind ip to public interface .
get description of brainstorm dataset .
corrupt a given percentage or number of bytes from a string
return timeline for attendance
takes a list of tags that is a comma - separated string and parses tag names .
get a list of ipv6 addresses from a cidr .
read subject - specific digitization montage from a file .
returns if user is root .
return an iresourceprovider for the named module or requirement
renders the configuration tree into syslog - ngs configuration syntax .
reads a secret key string from the specified file and returns it .
puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module
return query string .
execute the file at the specified path with the passed - in globals .
publish msgstr into docutils document
parse a cookie .
read graph in leda format from string or iterable .
get the hardware address as a 48 - bit positive integer .
copy an object from one s3 location to another .
convert an integer represented as a base 128 string into an c { int } or
gets console output of an instance .
fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete , or timeout passes .
return a network list available for the tenant .
compute the baseline and result image directories for testing * func * .
build streaming request .
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup . get _ template . render with the passed arguments .
get the local random number generator .
retrieve the provider metadata
parses fastq single - end read file
makes a cdf from a hist object .
system information type 2ter section 9 . 1 . 34
return a conn object for the passed vm data
custom exception handler for drf , which doesnt provide one for http responses like tastypie does .
takes a value and cleans it up
decorator for debugging libxml2 memory leaks inside a function .
computes nodes and weights for beta distribution
send python object over network .
edit user profile .
retrieve the region for a particular aws service based on configured region and / or profile .
implement nrt _ meminfo _ data _ fast in the module .
retrieves the entire course structure , including information about all the blocks used in the course if block _ types is none else information about block _ types will be returned only .
validate the list of service definitions .
redefine this fixture to change the init parameters of celery workers .
returns a sorted list of attributes by their dependencies .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by arguments .
precict the backgroundability of commands that have help & version switches : - h , - - help , - v , - v , - - version .
import organisation rss feeds
select / drop bad epochs .
returns true if data is a list of one - element dicts , otherwise returns false
build an assignment statement
convert limits to control points .
setup the nzbget sensors .
compute degree assortativity of graph .
return full path to the user - specific data dir for this application .
sync from cache to database
parses the fogbugz data in the file .
add a connection .
generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix .
returns the most common opcode pairs in order of descending frequency .
a function to list an exsiting monitor .
add face given line index and lines .
returns a minified version of the javascript string
play previous item from media list .
transplant an old score layers parameters , with k < k classes , into a new score layer with k classes s . t .
returns the url without the s3 : / / part
attempt to send a signal to a given process that may or may not exist .
print helpful troubleshooting message e is an exception raised by subprocess . check _ call ( )
distance metric that takes into account partial agreement when multiple labels are assigned .
return the path argument unwrapped .
creates a workflow that chains the necessary pipelines to correct for motion , eddy currents , and , if selected , susceptibility artifacts in epi dmri sequences .
return a no - op node .
reorder the rows or columns of a time - varying matrix where all non - missing values are in the upper left corner of the matrix .
returns true if metaschema question is required .
remove a handler from an application .
compute all the possible loadable plugins , while loading as few as possible and hitting the filesystem as little as possible .
ensure the dynamodb table exists .
return the configuration file .
determine if a python datum is an instance of a schema .
the restful handler for entrance exams .
return the base searchqueryset for haystack searches .
returns a geographical threshold graph .
ask a new question .
generate a recursive list of files from a given path .
return list of html theme paths .
batches input images and captions .
test decorator that skips test if matplotlib not installed .
converts an expr to a string of the wolfram mathematica code
base64 encode all individual attachments that are not text .
most test cases will use a single call to this manager , as they need to set the global setting and the course - specific setting for a single course .
return the maximum number of inputs this gpuelemwise apply node can accept .
determine if saferepr is readable by eval ( ) .
rewrite the assignment operator for pytables expressions that use = as a substitute for = = .
checks for valid sampleid and other data field characters header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data warnings : list of warnings
installs python prerequisites .
a post _ save signal handler which sends a signal for each filefield that was committed this save .
retrieves sort keys / directions parameters .
submit jobs using exe pointed to by cluster _ jobs _ fp .
casts date and timestamp values to string , resolves issues with out of range dates which psycopg2 cant handle
chain 2 or more transports in such a way that the first argument is the transport seen at network level like t1 ( t2 ( t3 ( . . . . . . ) ) )
return a single draft registration
test generation of sparse source estimate
check if the container exists .
creates a manager that subclasses superclass and adds behavior for many - to - many related objects .
formats metrics coming from the metricsaggregator .
list escalation _ policies belonging to this account
returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v .
get complex by dictionary .
check version string of an active module against a required version .
compose cluster uuid using test type and storage provider .
return a new design , if design _ id is none ,
return the wheel - version of an extracted wheel , if possible .
returns true if a is a primitive root of p a is said to be the primitive root of p if gcd = = 1 and totient ( p ) is the smallest positive number s . t .
calculate the n - th order discrete difference along given axis .
return list of one element if l is a scalar .
wiki markup - > html with the wiki apps enhanced parser
bind the parameters to the given fields , changing their values .
run code with the exception hook temporarily disabled .
configures the default connection to localhost , using the driver defaults
interface to the systems file command .
get a lashed gcode linear move text .
given a list of file names , return those names that should be copied .
destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user .
test whether a path is a symbolic link
return the soname of a library .
deep copy operation on gyp objects such as strings , ints , dicts and lists .
perform a single request / response cycle , returning cookie : header .
get photo informations from flickr api .
return pkgng stats .
convenience mainline for a test harness " test . py " script .
instantiate descriptor with most properties .
returns public link for the attachment via templates / emails / print _ link . html .
retrieve a list of named geojson layer tiles from a tilestache config .
get comments before assign statements in python module .
restores params [ registration ] field and points params [ node ] and original _ node fields to the node instead of registration
return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
detect and convert the character encoding to utf - 8 .
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
return list of all available framework instances there may be more than one instance per framework class
group media players , use player as coordinator .
solve a matrix equation using the lgmres algorithm .
determine az to use when creating a volume
jaccard similarity coefficient score
validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters
returns the mse for the models computed by path
some calls require authentication .
generate our state space graph given a set of possible actions : data = [ ,
turns a write - affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes .
return a trained autoencoder .
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
default output handler for printing protocol .
return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response .
return an : class : . alias object .
use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value .
format a function and its arguments in a human - readable way for logging .
check and set the http / socks proxy for all http requests .
ensure that the volume exists name name of the volume bricks list of brick paths start ensure that the volume is also started . .
generates normal variates with serial correlation .
get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
get the interpret plugin for the file .
return normalized event / function name .
gets an instance info cache from the table .
test with hidden text elements .
create a project along with its dependencies
new - return a new hashing object using the named algorithm ; optionally initialized with data .
all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute " _ _ cuda _ memory _ _ " defined and its value evaluated to true .
check that currently logged - in user has specified permission .
n343 production code must not import from neutron . tests .
convert xml name to unicode string .
this is a basic test for gpusoftmaxwithbias .
python xlsx2py excelname . xls ( x ) data . py
return a json 404 error response .
get the csv for a query result
test if a certificate is in the lets encrypt live directory
helper function checking duplicate segments .
solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
returns a form class for the given list of django database field instances .
brill tagger demonstration
lists all available routes .
set up pico speech component .
returns the module thats calling into this module .
a helper function , for the case q > s and q % s > 0 .
replace the attribute with a boolean .
set pretty _ hostname value stored in / etc / machine - info
decorator for tests that are not expected to work on all platforms .
return the levenshtein edit distance between two strings * a * and * b * .
the tixscrolledwindow widget allows you to scroll any kind of tk widget .
run a crop hint request on the image .
get xml text from xml text .
get questions of a particular question type
verify that a subset of packages are among all packages .
creates the url for handlers that use usage _ keys as url parameters .
return a new ripemd160 object .
etag from collection or item .
stop dtmf acknowledge section 9 . 3 . 30
returns image with timestamp fields converted to datetime objects .
return a dict with the current values of the requested dhcp options set
removes ansi escape sequences from text .
connects to the specified database .
create a single vm from a data dict
returns true if there is a published version of the xblock that is currently visible to students .
provides a newline separated csv for one or more descriptors .
modify existing agent build .
for human analysis , when humans are attempting to understand where all the memory is going .
publish real - time updates
parses the command - line arguments and starts git - cola
returns the output of running the sql and getting the profiling statistics
attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch .
returns the url for the given model and admin url name .
checks for common mistakes in todo comments .
abbreviate task name .
keyword arguments : signup - - indicates whether or not sending the email is essential , or if it can be skipped .
get a list of all the users of this storage path .
start a server instance .
update a worker with given values .
with custom locator and formatter .
given an integer x and a nonnegative integer shift , return closest integer to x / 2 * * shift ; use round - to - even in case of a tie .
fetches the translation object for a given language and installs it as the current translation object for the current thread .
given a truncated datetime , return a new one one month in the past .
find anidb short group names for release groups
testlist : testlist _ multi comma | testlist _ multi
single - independent - variable linear regression - - least squares method .
convert json file to csv file , preprocessing each row to obtain a suitable dataset for tweets semantic analysis .
make a partition , and make it bootable . .
modify multiple hosts .
return the requested environment variable , or if unset
compute updated probabilities for anomalyscores using the given params .
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member , displaying the login page if necessary .
read sql database table into a dataframe .
return the base url of the given htmlpage
create and return the " mozilla " user used to auto approve addons .
return a list of base paths which are searched for integration packs .
write message immediately to stdout .
calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue
calculates the grouped mean of the num most recent values .
use this decorator to add a missing trailing slash to the request path .
remove authorization from user user : string username auth : string authorization name
one - dimensional gaussian filter .
aux function for plot _ evoked and plot _ evoked _ image ( cf .
get the accessible attribute .
estimate optimal countgraph args .
entry point for script .
create index and query data .
wrap an existing socket in ssl
helper function to delete orphans for a given course .
return the path to the thin tarball
retrieve the class used to process a keepass file by signature , which is a a tuple or list with two elements .
a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column .
computes the manhattan distance .
return details about a specific stack name
cheezy fake test for proper identifier - ness .
admin view that displays the celery configuration .
executes the rpc call to sign a blob .
remove the website configuration from the given bucket
get the current disk timeout of the given scheme
update some required parameters for oauth2 . 0 api calls
nicely formats translation text possibly handling plurals or diff .
file _ input : file _ input newline | file _ input stmt | newline | stmt
check for asserttrue ( isinstance ) sentences
gets the filename of a test data file .
rand index adjusted for chance .
run nosetests and return the output
install packages using easy _ install
project notification view and form view
p is a string pointing to a putative writable dir - - return true p is such a string , else false
return the stabilizer subgroup of alpha .
return the full url to the theme css file
a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column .
get the submodule list .
identify a free disk dev name for a bus .
configure the settings , configure logging and populate the app registry .
return the bounding vertices of the texture square .
make sure that data parsing begins at data _ start .
modify tags on an instance .
tests for the cpu performance of minions .
compute and return the audio power .
validates the minimum score entered by the studio user .
get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory .
unzips from gz _ path into new _ path .
equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2
an iterative juggle method
target function for the perceptron learning algorithm .
helper function to detect console errors .
returns date / time formatted using babels locale settings .
return list of all items in a which are not in b .
represent an address as 16 packed bytes in network order .
helper method for defining space - delimited indentation blocks , such as those used to define block statements in python source code .
returns a decorator that catches database integrity errors .
oozebane a gcode linear move text .
a view that redirects all requests to a redirection view
a crude way to tell apart testcases and suites with duck - typing
returns a list of scope names as defined in
convert a scipy . sparse zero matrix to the zero scalar .
returns a normalized locale code for the given locale name .
set the autostart flag on a vm so that the vm will start with the host system on reboot .
runs the login and logout cgi redirector script .
return the list of denominators of an egyptian fraction expansion [ 1 ] _ of the said rational r .
generic normal - confint to save typing
copies server _ root to temp _ dir and verifies selection with the user
write interactive area chart data : [ fraction : label , . . . ] trunc _ len : truncates labels after this many chars
logistic sigmoid function .
validates the given ip for use as rpc server address .
preserve original country codes and use 2 - letter lang codes where possible
asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
get analytics from keen to use as a starting point for smoothing or transferring
returns a new dictionary with all the entries in dictionaries a and b .
reflect boundaries of array on the same side
given the input file to which a rule applied , string substitute a path .
test if the sum of all pixels corresponds nearly to the integral .
get a repository from the database via name and owner
run http - prompt executable , execute some prompt commands , and exit .
inspect each tool to see if it has any input parameters that are dynamically generated select lists that depend on a . loc file .
for image backends - is not required
test if the contents of a file obj are a vault encrypted data blob .
solve a general trust - region problem in 2 dimensions .
test the generated context for several input parameters against the according expected context .
manage a virtual server .
get the non - shed related tool panel configs - there can be more than one , and the default is tool _ conf . xml .
update an entry of block device mapping .
docstring for configure _ build
return netstat information for sunos flavors
this function is designed to work in the context of getaddrinfo , where family = socket . af _ unspec is the default and will perform a dns search for both ipv6 and ipv4 records .
return default price list for party
product of a list of numbers .
check tool version , name , and id .
returns the given html with all entities stripped .
read unsigned 32bit integer from bti file .
setup the verisure component .
evaluates arithmetic expression used in captcha .
test text when hovering over a link .
asserts the specified output contains the line specified the argument line .
removes line ending characters and returns a tuple .
decorator for retrying when ovs has yet to assign an ofport .
a timeseries is anomalous if the deviation of its latest datapoint with respect to the median is x times larger than the median of deviations .
thread for pylint
send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter : put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry : if positive , how many times to resend unanswered packets if negative , how many times to retry when no more packets are answered timeout : how much time to wait after the last packet has been sent verbose : set verbosity level multi : whether to accept multiple answers for the same stimulus filter : provide a bpf filter iface : listen answers only on the given interface
carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
helper function to perform filtering based on category state coverage .
returns translation dict for a type of object .
takes a key generated from nacl . keygen and decrypt some data .
return percentage of mismatch between out and target values
return a single element from a weighted sample .
return binary content of a connect request .
context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit .
the input polynomials p , q are in z [ x ] or in q [ x ] .
write event return data to a file on the master .
inner loop of the iterative nipals algorithm .
return the path that a symlink points to
copies index specification to a search _ service _ pb . indexspec .
issues a power - cycle operation on the managed server .
return true if the given path is a symlink on the current remote host .
list all slack users .
parse an irc mode string .
stop and unload any active inspectors for the given * ctx * .
format a floating number to make sure it gets the decimal point .
mail count is checked through lettuce steps
perform fligner - killeen test for equality of variance .
synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem .
decorator to convert argument to array .
convert : mod : datetime or : mod : date to the gregorian date as utc float days , preserving hours , minutes , seconds and microseconds .
validate an instance under the given schema .
update a dataset .
get the path to the user config file .
ignores case differences and recognizes numbers in strings
ensure the cursor is not inside a tag definition < > .
ensure the gettext plural forms expression supplied is valid .
a factory for creating asynchronous proxies for existing synchronous ones
create an rrset with the specified name and ttl , and with the specified rdata objects .
takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list
refer to figurefactory . create _ gantt ( ) for docstring
retrieve the function object implementing a method name given the class its on and a method name .
secure helper to read file as root .
return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
process deprecation of arguments .
retrieves the mattermosts configured channel
skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv
return string with leading whitespace and # from line or .
sparse matrix with ones on diagonal
some nodes require a line number and the column offset .
returns a nicely formatted statement displaying the function call with the given arguments .
converts a lat / lon bounds to a comma - and pipe - separated string .
used instead of _ when creating translationproxies , because _ is not bound yet at that time .
creates a new network
checks if pep8 is availalbe .
returns a c - contiguous array .
remove all keys belonging to hostname from a known _ hosts file .
get flavor extra specs .
clean up urlpattern regexes into something somewhat readable by
elementtree instance of an old . ows scheme format .
return true iff the actual _ event matches the expected _ event given the tolerances .
get a string representation of a signal for debugging .
find and return an integer n such that p = = n * d
returns " < " if a " for a > b
parse command line options
try to cast to the specified dtype ( e . g . convert back to bool / int or could be an astype of float64 - > float32
returns the log of multivariate gamma , also sometimes called the generalized gamma .
add role to user user : string username role : string role name
return information to a kafka server
return the location that is configured for this provider
check for matches in both cdao and obo namespaces .
compute eigenvalues of hessian matrix .
add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys .
system information type 1 section 9 . 1 . 31
return the standardized frequency string
create a finder alias
limit commit skills to skills from the request - dry helper function
recursively convert any elementnodes to paths .
read a yaml document from a file .
show the gradebook for this course : - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . features . get - only displayed to course staff
calculate the histogram of the values of an array , optionally at labels .
validate an ast . ast expression .
copies to remote and executes local script
escapes a value for use in a url .
default datalist item renderer for trainings on the hrm profile
returns true if the given evpn ethernet tag id is valid .
return lustre version number
revert the origin to a snapshot .
get new repository .
deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
return a json formated response matching the error http api .
create a numpy array from a file or a file - like object .
ensure that the package is installed , and that it is the correct version .
return a date range as float gregorian ordinals .
from couch potato
connects to the specified database .
deletes a security group .
returns true if a cache backend is configured , and the cache middleware classes or subclasses thereof are present .
outputs a string in a format that will be understood by / bin / sh .
private helper function for factorizing common classes param logic
helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression , that is , it looks for a repeat of a previous expression .
return full absolute base path to the content pack directory .
returns a string of the requested metadata types .
convert a string to unicode in utf - 8 format ; if string is already unicode , does nothing because strings encoding cannot be determined by introspection .
return current transport class
display statistics on the cache .
simple test function
for a specific format type , returns the format for the current language , defaults to the format in the settings .
returns the indefinite article for a given word .
list all the volumes attached to a server .
handles the account activation process .
transform calling block from top - level function to call the lifted loop .
format decimal value as currency
handler to delete project directory on project deletion .
adds the isinitialized and findinitializationerror methods to the protocol message class .
in case of complete signin with openid
return triangle having side with length l on the x - axis .
set the pci key of other - config parameter to params .
match urls in quotes pulling out the fields from pattern
given two consecutive operations , check if they are the provided pair of inverse functions .
helps you skip tests that require the network
ensures that the named command is not running .
handle a single wsgi request .
display a prompt string and a text entry field with a default string .
find the n smallest elements in a dataset .
read a binary mo file from the given file - like object and return a corresponding catalog object .
helper function for validating property values .
return netstats info
view for user to land on the reset password page .
a comma leaf
return a file modified indicator for tabpages .
provides rbac on solaris like platforms
filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
return the expiry date of a cert
return false since threading is not supported .
calculate number of hist bins using freedman - diaconis rule .
searches the path for the given command and returns its path
helper function that validates whether input is a list / array of axes .
combine output ( ) followed by dedentlevel ( ) .
resolve a locator path starting from object obj .
parses multipart headers from an iterable that yields lines .
compute the number of patches that will be extracted in an image .
get stay _ open variable .
capitalize matched text .
create the ec2 id to instance uuid mapping on demand .
convert an image and rois within that image into network inputs .
compute the largest k singular values / vectors for a sparse matrix .
get all iam user details .
delete a source group rule from a security group .
return list of frame objects in current stack .
get the svg text .
populate a small db with some example entries .
get a value from the rest interface
remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions
convert tokens back into python source code .
perform no good and no bad
this function returns list of font directories of system .
returns oauth settings
same as the rest framework reverse , except does not get the base url .
resolves join node links .
print a list of tickets
run acceptance tests that use the bok - choy framework .
translate our args into requests . request keyword arguments .
create new agent build .
fixture that returns a helper function to run the cookiecutter cli .
require a member user .
returns an array x such that x [ a ] [ b ] gives label index as bth unique value .
retrieve the data of a scan
make sure that the output table produced by the fast reader stores any comment lines in its meta attribute .
describe a specific host .
display modified ret data
return a string representing time in seconds since epoch , t .
save the meta previously set .
returns the default image dimension ordering convention .
make a thumbnail of image in * infile * with output filename thumbfile * .
get a data entry in a datastore
starts a google app engine application on this machine .
cycles among the given strings each time this tag is encountered .
return a browser controller .
convert unicode text to utf - 8 encoded bytes .
return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones
returns the parsed value for the - - max _ server _ instances flag .
quits the development server asynchronously in an organized fashion .
parses an html fragment , returning an lxml element .
same as draw texured quad , but without stretching the corners .
round requested _ size up to the nearest allocation _ unit .
fetches all open threads for the given exploration id .
compute a similarity score for two objects .
number the sections of the given document .
list all of the extended attributes on the given file / directory
order image location list .
this is called once when the user clicks log in , and again when they click though the callback landing url
mark a function as an action .
creates a catalog object , with a given name .
poly risch differential equation - no cancellation : deg ( b ) = = deg ( d ) - 1
cluster robust covariance matrix
the inverse of service . available .
returns a client with a fake apiclient .
custom host ( ) constructor which places hosts on servers
parses iso 8601 dates into datetime objects
return which jails are set to be run
migrate single task message .
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
authenticate using sasl plain
wraps words at specified line length .
get the procedures up to and including the given procedure .
consumes bytes for num ints coverts to int , returns tuple of
return the raw text of a document , as a list of paragraphs .
return true if mode is from a block special device file .
process the xml element .
return a list of fully - qualified module names in the given package .
compresses the kml content and returns as kmz ( using the correct
process the xml element .
retrieve invitation and create account
given an app name , walk through installed _ apps and return the first match , or none .
a simple generator which flattens a sequence .
return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion
human resource rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
reusable function to make flexible grid plots of impulse responses and comulative effects values : x k x k stderr : t x k x k hlines : k x k
find dates from duration
return cg snapshot name .
patch python sys . path .
display the courses syllabus . html , or 404 if there is no such course .
flatten a given array .
set a single salt process environment variable .
print warning message , but do not abort execution .
gets the value from the value _ pb .
turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles .
return a string without ascii nuls .
run function in thread , return a thread object
find the b - spline representation of an n - dimensional curve .
grabs a list of the top artists for a last . fm username .
return the names of all files in the repository
get the description for speed .
run another program , specified as a command list cmd , in a new process .
start the data server .
utility function to return a list of sentences .
given a user requesting content within a commentable _ id , determine the group _ id which should be passed to the comments service .
checks if a particular index exists on the table
produce output from the report dictionary generated by _ generate _ report
get local ip address
construct a reverse dependency graph for the given tables .
get a tab widget for the given usertypes . clicktarget .
generate the html _ context dictionary for our sphinx conf file .
returns inverse gamma function for desired luminance values .
add to or create a new cxxflags in the make . conf
return a list of available users
label encoding from tree lstm paper
splits entry and ensures normalized return
upgrade current bootstrap . py with the last released one .
check if the tag for this release has been uploaded yet .
convenience function for returning a set of content / leaf nodes contained within a topic
build the arguments to call the solc binary .
set the edge maximum and minimum .
returns a standard html response page for an http error .
read all the input from a stream .
displays a file attachment with a review ui .
takes a paginated search and returns results list
return true if version a is lesser than b
computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
finds the inverse , ~ a , of a permutation , a , given in array form .
case event types : restful crud controller
setup the mqtt binary sensor .
return true if * obj * looks like a file object with a * write * method
call the megam binary with the given arguments .
computes the negative log - likelihood of a bernoulli distribution .
prepares names for rows and columns with correct separator .
check if named file may contain media
extract internal cache data from dd . dataframe / dd . series
take show ip ospf interface data as a string
enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances .
return the full path for the given script
inject specified dependencies from the registry into the instance .
make sure all relevant base paths are bytestrings .
get the status of a vagrant machine
identical to parseresponse , except that : 1 .
the inverse of service . available
test movement averaging algorithm .
register a checker for some language .
returns true if host is within specified subnet , otherwise false
get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
installs the provided fixture file ( s ) as data in the database .
method is triggered by the cloudwatch event scheduled when keep _ warm setting is set to true .
determines the location of a set of alternatives in a glob pattern .
create a docker . client configured to be more reliable than the default .
get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . exe .
write 4096 units at a time
writes log entries to the given logger .
transform an expression into a multinomial form and figure out generators .
generic function for bulk worker operation
calculate true and false positives per binary classification threshold .
checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference .
wait for a container to exit gracefully container container id
lookup the root nameserver addresses using the given resolver
map host to compute node ( s ) for the purpose of determining which hosts are single vs multi - node .
loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps .
given a list of security groups and a vpc _ id , convert _ to _ group _ ids will convert all list items in the given list to security group ids .
perform inference using the data from an extension inference form
same as get _ scene _ numbering ( ) , but returns none if scene numbering is not set
get the features for all images from filenames using a network
creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset
if there is no lock , take one .
build the arguments to python setup . py install on the setuptools package
returns a list of available indexes .
if date _ created is missing we assume that it has been created outside of the api context and inject a default value .
return the version of salt on the minion
convert unicode to html .
returns new language form for user
returns the most recent date of any email in the list provided .
helper function that recursively returns an information for a klass , to be used in get _ cached _ row .
creates a postgres user .
binomial proportion confidence interval given k successes , n trials .
settings page of current user .
tell worker ( s ) to modify the time limit for task by type .
this view is used to cancel an occurrence .
set and retrieve response . content _ type
return the skip tuples in a test file
test bucket name
checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
get the filesystem path to a file that contains openssl - compatible ca certs .
return n random bytes .
quote an argument to l { serverfromstring } and l { clientfromstring } .
tokenize and colorize the given python source .
parse options and run checks on python source .
show all the figures and enter the gtk main loop
return path to any existing user config files
a view decorator that adds the specified headers to the vary header of the response .
compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule
generator function that yields a stream of representing a spatiotemporal patch of that file .
checks if the string value starts with another string .
check that tables is a table or sequence of tables .
load tensorflow model checkpoint
returns a " generated by " string for use when creating biom tables
compute the base data type , e . g . for arrays , get the underlying array item type
generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return = good , exception = fail .
return a decorator for methods that return instances of model .
print out via pretty print
jinja2 keeps internal caches for environments and lexers .
calculate bleu score from
creates soap services application and distribute flask config into user con defined context for each method call .
rewrap text for output to the console .
sanitize ipv4 mapping in an expanded ipv6 address .
backwards compatibility with 2 . x dataset group and org plugins : return a default validate method if one has not been provided .
returns all users with username , id , groups , active and superuser status by default .
install and update the packages in name _ install , while removing the packages in name _ remove
takes args and kwargs , as they were passed into the command instance being executed with _ _ call _ _ , and compose them into a flat list that will eventually be fed into exec .
returns a serialization template for the given type with all placeholders replaced with the actual values .
parse configuration options and validate for use with the
execute commands and throw an exception on a non - zero exit .
compute the linear potential matrix element computations .
returns a dictionary of feature properties for a feature in a layer .
creates lmdbs for generic inference
return the response obtained after sending a query via tcp .
if effect fails , retry it until timeout expires .
start the specified service
check to make sure set _ lineoffset works properly
to see all volumes in the cloud as an admin you can pass in a special search option : { all _ tenants : 1 }
substitute occurences of $ { foo } with conf [ foo ] , recursively , in all the values of the conf dict .
closes out a multi - send session by marking the sending draft as sent and moving it to the users sent folder .
rest - json api main function
assigns a permissions dict to the given page instance , combining
cholesky decompose a banded hermitian positive - definite matrix
function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is , it deletes " os . link " attribute .
del a group
parses a path expression like domain foobar . com port 20 / or just / foobar for a path alone .
read the next n bytes
generates sjson from srt for given lang .
perform a dynamic api implementation lookup for a call
check if internet is available
parse string with partition specification .
create a new guppy root object .
a decorator that defines _ _ unicode _ _ and _ _ str _ _ methods under python 2 .
get the sensor shape vertices .
try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
translates message using the given translation _ function name - - which will be either gettext or ugettext .
test if test is a proper : class : curator . snapshotlist . snapshotlist object and raise an exception if it is not .
delete an answer
list all rules
run the specified service with an action .
no args should fail wanting either - - unit or - - source .
destroy the specified attachment record .
finds a named json - format data structure in the string .
send a request to the tool shed to retrieve information about newer installable repository revisions , current revision updates , whether the repository revision is the latest downloadable revision , and whether the repository has been deprecated in the tool shed .
fernet key repository is empty .
returns the results
use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider .
start the servers we will run tests on , returns pids for servers .
move up to max _ rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
print a useful report after setuptools output describing where and how
return a cling that serves from the given package and dir _ name .
helper function to write data to a temp file / run secedit to import policy / cleanup
create a timer function .
turns a list of scope names into an integer value .
create an rds parameter group
search for albums .
ct _ headers : sequence of content - type headers url : response url
return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers , which is what web2py requires for column names .
normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
featurelocation from non - compound non - complement location .
check if http status code is informational .
adjust order of fiducials to neuromag .
return a version of the string escaped for inclusion in an
return a token _ user for the owner of this process .
parse the basics that should be present in most baseml results files .
flush entries in the specified set ,
prompts for a directory path
generate binary addition dataset .
remove non - whitelisted fields from dataset for logging .
check if path isnt a unc path
return the optimal histogram bin width using knuths rule .
returns a dictionary containing values associated to their property names
loads queries from xml / queries . xml file .
sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
get all group type access of a group type .
add a volume overlay to the current axes .
show an artifact
returns an genericinlineformset for the given kwargs .
url decode code source string .
return image after histogram equalization .
return a certificate for the graph gr adjacency list
register this checker .
this is a bit evil - str gets mapped to a c - api function and is being redefined here .
converts a sensortypeapi model to db model .
run the network and write output to writer .
download the data from stanfords website , unless its already here .
we use scotts rule , multiplied by a constant factor .
function to extend builtin str / unicode class
a task to release the render document lock
for a potential path iterator , add dyld _ image _ suffix semantics
returns the current https proxy settings network _ service
a name is file - like if it is a path that exists , or it has a directory part , or it ends in . py , or it isnt a legal python identifier .
compute a log prefix for a wrapper and the object it wraps .
check if url seems to be a valid url .
writes the message to the log file using the info level .
given a topic , dynamically create the right sensor type .
get gcode lines without redundant first words .
setup the openweathermap sensor .
internal auxiliary function for fft , ifft , rfft , irfft .
out of a list of file names , returns only the ones ending by . py , ordered with increasing file name length .
return information on open ports and states
this function patches the cache - control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
solves the de .
return default gnupg home directory path for a user
get listings directly from the account server .
check whether provided volume group exists .
close file f , ensuring all changes are physically on disk .
list user group
get absolute path to resource , works for dev and for pyinstaller
initializes the issue counter fields for a review request .
get the location of the bokehjs source files .
saves all processed images to a series of files .
prepend a backslash if were given a greek character .
create a spherical model for forward solution calculation .
returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
uses pyrit to check for a handshake .
get the entrance exam content information
verify an m2crypto - compatible signature
add callback handlers to app in the correct order .
convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . image .
prompt the user to enter the value of a variable
classify random 16x16 color images into several classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
composite one or more images onto a canvas - async version .
check hook commands are executable .
run system command in shell , raise systemexit if it returns an error .
add numerical implementation to function symfunc .
returns true if the input is related to the meaning of life .
strip html comments from a unicode string .
create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script .
chamber a gcode linear move file .
return a list of user names .
convert paths from a collection object to 3d segments with path codes .
delete all of the * keys * from the : class : dict * d
expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest .
acts like scipy argmax , but break ties randomly .
gets both the http status code and description from just a code
stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
makes a random password .
interpret the dtype from a scalar
returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple .
send a " magic packet " to wake up a list of minions .
return a key from an entity , model instance , key , or key string .
update properties of given image .
validate an email address .
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups
get loop layers .
a generator that yields toplevel loops given a control - flow - graph
a list comprehension of the form [ xp for fp in it if test ] .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
retrieve all the referenced files , deserialize , then merge them together
returns the scene numbering , as retrieved from xem .
return a list of a specific type of item .
return the factored form of expr while handling non - commutative expressions .
lists all the creds for a tenant
assert actual = = desired with formatted message .
it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
get a property ; raise if ns not found / visible or property not found
test run guess ( ) , repo . branch ( ) and repo . status ( )
return x with its trend removed .
diagnostic suite for isolating common problems .
generate customer care stats from the replies table .
returns the details of a names signing policy , including the text of the public key that will be used to sign it .
setup pacemaker cluster via pcs command nodes a list of nodes which should be set up pcsclustername
create namespace on the defined k8s cluster
set a response cookie for the client .
get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
check whether or not the usecols parameter is a callable .
read a json file if path is a file , or search for a . nja if folder .
iterates over the extra - info descriptors in a file .
raise an exception
dummy function to make sure docstrings dont get rendered as text
creates a temp file and returns its name .
return m unique elements from seq .
get current fullscreen status .
returns the value of an integer in gray encoding .
str to list
add a version removal rule for a particular service .
executes the volatility analysis using algorithm on the input data
create a recurring job .
creates a combined list of scope urls for the desired services .
apply the exponential function to each element of the matrix mat .
helper function for automatic updates of dvr _ case . last _ seen _ on
finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window .
test filtering of raw plots .
utility function to create benchmark containers .
fail unless the rpm file at rpm _ path contains all the expected _ headers .
create a backup for all collection present on the server .
creates a url for redirecting to a login page .
returns up to $ limit build _ requests where instance _ uuid is null
compute the allowed methods on a c { resource } based on defined render _ foo methods .
given a pair of l { tlsversion } constants , figure out what versions we want to disable .
find the network id for a network name .
make an array of pointers denoting pointers of tensor descriptors .
returns an instance of caffe . io . transformer
return a firewall list available for the tenant .
decorates a class to register its json tag .
check that name is iana service : an alphanumeric string , with a maximum length of 15 characters , with the - character allowed anywhere except the first or the last character or adjacent to another - character , it must contain at least a character
incautious execution of for result in query . yield _ per ( n ) : may cause slowness or ooming over large tables .
a decorator that prevents sysadmins from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
get all volume transfer records for specified project .
entry point for sphinx extension .
list all services in the specified package
take a block of raw text that will be passed through str . splitlines ( ) to get universal newlines treatment .
returns the longest path in a dag
hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed - in dict .
move forward to the end of the next word .
helper function to get all files in the given root .
opens an output file using the given name .
start the web view in a separate process .
return a list of all jobs information filtered by the given criteria .
displays / processes a form to create a collection .
convert a complex object into primitives .
generate a stream of coordinates for seeding .
determine shape from create _ flat _ names output .
generate a unique node label .
get the current cpu vendor name
write the includes section of a cdt settings export file .
handle the reply save signal .
handle epochs axes click .
wait is in milliseconds
deletes the specified network
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
generate compound kernel for the optree from type _ args
converts the given object to a datetime object , if possible .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an 802 . 1qbh device
respond with the csv headers and data rows given a dict of codes list
returns a list of all the supported locale codes .
convert a json table to the native object .
start service name the services name
asks for a string and returns true / false .
shift the binary image selem in the left and / or up .
returns a result from requested table based on search params
parse read preference options .
decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
pdf for standardized t distribution , variance is one
return kernel _ extensions information from osquery
returns the children of the given descriptor , while supporting descriptors with dynamic children .
add appstats recording .
read freesurfer label file .
gis page headers
make a pyunit testsuite from a file defining test cases .
transformation matrix from z to x basis .
move up or down the stack
reads in the given file as a mcr region , and returns an object for accessing the chunks inside .
internal parser function for l { _ parseserver } to convert the string arguments for an ssl stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
return a new shad256 hashing object
parse a file with test values
train and test a classifier on instances of the subjective dataset by pang and
returns the stims position in pixels , based on its pos , units , and win .
return supervisorctl command to call , either from a virtualenv , an argument passed in , or from the global modules options
returns a dictionary
decodes a network packet in collectd format .
builds a test suite for the gdal tests .
copy file from one ftp - instance to another .
attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader
set the string encoding used by the unicode implementation .
returns a templates id from the given template name .
write a new pack index file .
configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue
division of tuples representing monomials .
remove the immutable attribute of the given path .
a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task
convert a value < 100 to dutch
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
get tooth halfwave .
for each index in each level the function returns lengths of indexes .
virtual field to show the group that the report belongs to used by vulnerability / report
reads nbits random bits .
rest controller to register evacuees
parse readpreferencetags if passed as a client kwarg .
calculate and transmit the score for a composite module .
edit to get the dict even when the object is a genericrelatedobjectmanager .
validate link when updated by user
create a new aes cipher
update step parameters based on the user - provided param _ map dict .
return true on osx .
ensure that the named user is present with the specified privileges
run arbitrary django management command
processes date and datetime fields according to the selected time zone
use this for setting debug flags to libhlc using the same options available to llvm .
returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic .
clear the readonly bit and reattempt the removal
creates a method for attaching to a resource .
delete the character behind the cursor .
test coregistration gui
load plugins installed via pip
determine if the loop is large enough .
return a remote server running wmi
returns the hydrogen radial wavefunction r _ { nl } .
strip pair of leading and trailing quotes from text .
using seleniums execute _ async _ script function , poll the javascript environment until the given variable is defined and truthy .
sums the size of all files in a given dir .
get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
build the query to get all namespaces based on the context
print out some example strings of input - output pairs .
check that a git merge would not increase the repository size by merge _ size _ limit .
negative binomial regression
return a host string for an address in dhcp - host format .
log - likelihood of standard gaussian distribution .
headphones application entry point .
run a request as an admin
recursively flatten a nested dictionary .
update the environment to the supplied values , for example : with environment _ as ( pythonpath = foo : bar : baz ,
parse a quantifier from the input , where " ch " is the first character in the quantifier .
like send _ catch _ log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
backup a given source to a temporary location .
handle the doc role .
return basic data on nodes
test pip wheel finds and builds dependencies of editables
returns a string or encodes a unicode object .
process the xml element .
validates that value is 0 or a positive float , or can be converted to 0 or a positive float .
run all pending patches
logs into your google voice account with your full email address
yield hashes from contiguous comment lines before line line _ number .
build a html image from a slice array .
roll the axis backwards to the given position .
emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created
returns a mongodb database connection , optionally wrapped in a proxy .
set up the simplisafe platform .
lookup value of resources data by key .
a helper function for main without top - level exception handling .
makes sure an selinux file context policy for a given filespec , filetype and selinux context type is absent .
set the attribute dictionary to the matrix .
helper function for set _ syslog _ config that sets the config and populates the return dictionary .
decorator for the new graphtogpu optimizer .
prompts a user for input .
return a service group ressource or none
only load the module if lvm is installed
list sorting ( c )
linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
a wrapper for pythons urllib . unquote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on the result of django . utils . http . urlquote _ plus ( ) .
return info about last time fun was called on each minion
returns get parameters sans specified attribute .
migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
a : term : tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and , if possible , converts it into a response using an
return a synchronization wrapper for a value
create or update a cloudwatch alarm .
check whether we can resize contained file system .
wrapper around describe _ volumes .
only load if boto is available .
return list of attribute - descriptor tuples .
redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code
given a module path , builds an index of all classes and functions contained .
list block storage volumes
if this function is passed a module , return the dotted python package name of the package in which the module lives .
determine if repo _ directory contains a cookiecutter . json file .
main upgrade method for 3 . 0 to 3 . 1 .
find unique columns
check whether all these controls are actually the the same checkbox .
validates an ipv6 literal host : port string .
converts a recipe id into an internal path for logging purposes
set the default colormap .
the value of tool _ shed is something like : toolshed . g2 . bx . psu . edu .
assert response has the expected status _ code , body , and headers .
returns a dictionary product of merging the requests microsite and the default value .
looks for the ending quote character in the string that starts with quote character , splitting out quoted component and the rest of the string ( without possible space between these two parts .
get channel info
checks rules from the c + + language rules section of cppguide . html .
a view that uses { % csrf _ token % }
convert image to other format .
return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a , b , c
set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
build the text of the file and write the file .
explicitly mark a string as safe for output purposes .
serialize an element and its child nodes to a string
fixture which provides a fake web - history object .
this decorator allows flexible type - based compilation of a jitted function .
reverse the above additions of permissions .
provides a pre - existing blob in the test bucket .
prepares an : class : orderinglist factory for use in mapper definitions .
verify dicts can be converted to idictionaries
get new derivation .
removes useless noise from the output
a decorator that makes sure a function is run in a transaction .
compound _ statement : lbrace declaration _ list statement _ list rbrace
fetch and process each file contained in filenames .
fit a single bit of data .
create a new monitor type .
get a namespace object
inputhook for tk .
return a new transform with an added offset .
check to see whether the file already exists
displays the current time zone
open the given response in a local web browser , populating the tag for external links to work
fixup old style command line options with underscores .
return the value of the pionter as a python int .
function generating tensorhead ( s ) .
fetch a files contents by id .
add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to " url " will return an http response containing the json - formatted " response _ dict " .
generate coordinates of pixels within polygon .
returns the minimum bounding circle for a set of points .
suggest a normalized version close to the given version string .
format " s " in a human - readable way for logging by truncating it to at most 256 characters .
uploads a folder to cloud files .
loads a pem file .
encrypts a file , writing it to outfile in varblock format .
get the value as a float .
returns package version without importing it
returns a style object with no color scheme .
convenience function which waits for a list of processes to terminate .
creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server _ address to serve wsgi _ app .
convert cfset to python set .
print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info .
return the indices of the elements that are non - zero .
quick set - up page
formats a task eta as a date string in utc .
check to make sure the stop / limit prices are reasonable and raise a badorderparameters exception if not .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
pulls an image from a docker registry .
return the number of physical cpus in the system .
this is typically called on a course published signal .
returns if a function is decreasing or not , in the given interval .
get reference to a host within the cluster specified .
mark a value as unsafe .
reads world video and runs plugins .
check the file size of f is less than max _ allowed _ size
create a special file similar to the nix mknod command .
flag those c + + 14 features that we restrict .
list entry list
slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array .
create a response stanza from another stanza .
apply new equalizer settings to a media player .
converts an index to a slice .
add attributes to a test function / method / class
create a property , where the lookup is stored in storage
verify the number of plurals in the translation .
parse the rescue line
return a c { newpath } that is suitable for joining to c { path } .
custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues
create a vbm workflow that generates dartel - based template
helper to test forwards
sanitize an index type to return an ndarray of the underlying , pass thru a non - index
replacement for djangos { % url % } block .
return the hub for the current thread .
get a simplepaginator page .
scans through the files in dirname and processes whatever media files it finds dirname : the folder name to look in nzbname : the nzb name which resulted in this folder being downloaded method : the method of postprocessing : automatic , script , manual recurse : boolean for whether we should descend into subfolders or not
post to twitter
update a pci device .
cast wtform to json object .
attempts to hardlink src to dst , copying if the link fails .
return a string that identifies the current platform .
execute a machinectl pull - raw to download a . qcow2 or raw disk image , and add it to / var / lib / machines as a new container .
convert a json job to the native object .
update a cfn stack .
tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory
submits a task to generate a csv grade report containing problem values .
decodes value from base64 to plain format and deserializes its content > > > base64unpickle foobar
transition from integer id to varchar id .
return the title for the given url .
return true if apf is running otherwise return false
helper function for plotting sensors .
extracts the bucket and object name from a full gcs path .
deletes the flag definitions done by the above defineflags ( ) .
creates bit array out of a string
publish a command from the minion out to other minions .
prompts the user to enter new config , using context as a source for the field names and sample values .
parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . . .
create a continuous random variable with a maxwell distribution .
helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings
encourages soft breaking of text values above a maximum length by adding zero - width spaces after common delimeters , as well as soft - hyphenating long identifiers .
parse a comment
our friendly neighborhood main function .
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression minusminus
load and return the breast cancer wisconsin dataset .
quantile - based discretization function .
count consecutive matches / mismatches between strings s1 and s2 starting at p1 and p2 , respectively .
create and initialize a libvlc instance .
attach a json task statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
changes the state of a list of instances .
get raw data .
generate a getmore command document .
test our ringing estimation function .
fixture providing a statusbar in a container window .
b - matrix from usno circular 179 .
save the variables contained by a network to disk .
breaks a queue such that it never blocks , always has size 1 , and has no maximum size .
perform the oauth dance with some command - line prompts .
add a user in the group .
return a symbolic matrix / dot product between l and r
assumes a mesh where each vertex has exactly least two edges
get real email from github
returns a humanized list of target reviewers in a review request .
sync all custom types saltenv : base
a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus .
waits for the loading indicator to be hidden .
parses s3 url .
get the accessible attribute .
lists all installed plugins .
outset the carving of a gcode file .
create a zip of files
converts a list of files to a concatenated numpy array for each volume .
only load this module if the gluster command exists
registers a python object as a com server .
creates a new node and sets its content to text .
determines if the clsid has an associated class .
utility function to get a single random paragraph .
returns the directory component of a pathname . .
calculates a reasonable easing degree for a given proportion .
returns a text object representing s - - unicode on python 2 and str on
centers the value in a field of a given width .
creates a versioned asset url .
returns a string representation of the subgraph between i and o
takes a serialized scenario and turns it into a data structure suitable for feeding to run _ scenario ( ) .
format a node in a given output syntax .
save the pidfile
return a callable that returns true if the file output , based on the files in the list sources needs to be recreated .
serializes an unregistered user .
quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl artifact .
compute univariate guass - checbychev quadrature nodes and weights
returns a list of the drop table sql statements for the given app .
parse the command line for options
password change / set form .
accommodate a value into the levels list ; return a string or an integer
generate transcripts from source files and save them to assets for item module .
return the permission object , for the model
set the content - transfer - encoding header to 7bit or 8bit .
create a list of serializer field instances from the passed in " attrs " , plus any fields on the base classes .
create an image from the values dictionary .
returns difference between phonetic segments p and q for feature f .
create a helmert matrix of order n .
fill in a synthetic user id for all user properties in a set of filters .
this function is a fast way to calculate binomial coefficients , commonly known as nck , i . e . the number of combinations of n things taken k at a time .
return true if the filesystem is case sensitive .
shim to support tasks enqueued by older workers during initial deployment .
compute polynomial exact pseudo - quotient of f and g .
backup a server by creating a backup type snapshot .
load this state if the win _ acl module exists
read gpi 1 . 0 format files .
deactivate certificate invalidation by setting active to false .
locate and return a directive function from its language - dependent name .
creates a logrotate script for the logs that the given application will create .
performs rendering using template _ string instead of a file , and context .
plot traces and contours
give the sign resulting from multiplying two expressions .
normalize a pathname .
creates a directory at the path specified .
fork off as a daemon
unpacks a tarball to a destination directory
run a shell command on a remote host , with superuser privileges .
get the matrix keys , counting from zero .
attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset .
given a courses end datetime , returns whether ( a ) it is not none , and ( b ) the current time is past it .
returns a new menu class that subclasses menu _ class but is bound to instance .
switches between two operations depending on a scalar value .
list of tasks currently being executed .
taken from django project & modified a bit to always have _ _ unicode _ _ method available .
convert a localeconv - style grouping into a iterable of integers representing group lengths .
reset previously configured optimizations .
a getattr ( ) that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
require an rpm package to be uninstalled .
return llst after assigning : llst [ lslices ] = rlst [ rslices ]
return a list of requirements and links by parsing the provided requirements file .
check validity of a propositional sentence .
set owner and permissions for each directory created .
recursively find matching file from the current working path
returns true when one national number is the suffix of the other or both are the same .
return the currently configured jobs .
resets the cache
associate qos _ specs from volume type .
returns the elements of the list range ( n ) shifted to the left by k ( so the list starts with k ) .
prevents text from breaking outside of string literals in js
receive a vm from a directory uuid : string uuid of vm to be received source : string source directory
start an event on an instance action .
rolls back the most recent savepoint .
evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators .
regular expression match for a list of regexes
provide a testsuite to the discovery process .
prefix all es index names and cache keys with test _ and , if running under xdist , the id of the current slave .
turn a plain - text password into a hash for database storage
draw an ascii - art phylogram of the given tree .
require the / en / tutorial / tutorial . po store .
return a list of all handlers defined in app _ names .
get disk usage of files folder
collate a string representation of c { root } into a single string .
attempt to kill all child threads and exit .
execute the check _ cmd logic .
send a shipment containing all items in a commitment
returns a list of the drop index sql statements for all models in the given app .
ensures a record is absent .
returns the roc curve as an iterator of - points , for the given list of - tuples .
simple function to return if host is freebsd or not
return adjacency representation of graph as a dictionary of dictionaries .
wrapper function to dispatch to the appropriate window functions wraps / unwraps ndarrays for compat can be removed when ndarray support is removed
computes empirical quantiles for a data array .
create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith _ id name for the stonith resource stonith _ device _ type name of the stonith agent fence _ eps , fence _ xvm f . e .
load a public key from a buffer .
create a media with custom callbacks to read the data from .
list all of the symlinks stored on the master
return a list of pairs , while using djangos translation . override ( ) to set each language .
basic _ auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
show images in result list res .
update an entry of block device mapping .
merge two ranges with step = = 1 .
sync portage / overlay trees and update the eix database
decorator to use automatic memoization on a given function , such that results are chached and , if called a second time , the function will return the cached value .
downloads an original file from a diff .
retrieves the slave status from the minion .
stubbed out enrollment data request .
executes the the main _ loop ( )
computes the negative log - likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
set the current compensation in effect in the data .
used internally by image _ property _ create and image _ property _ update .
return true is pos1 < pos2
load data from tiles to features .
returns a group delete confirmation page .
get current hardware clock setting
helper method to regex replace images with captions in different markups
convert blocks of bytes to a dask . dataframe or other high - level object
close the session object for this request .
connect to router via snmpv3 .
upload images or videos from request . files .
sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
filter the specified records , using basic iteration .
see if jail service is actually enabled on boot
get instance of vlan as a dictionary
a no - op migration for marking the grizzly release .
computes the circular mean angle of an array of circular data .
delete all thumbnails for a source image .
assert the number of emails sent .
return a dict in which the dictionaries keys are mapped to new keys .
solve a linear system for a toeplitz correlation matrix .
save configuration keys to vispy config file
print out the types of the args and kwargs .
generate a list of random adjective + noun strings .
sets up the cached revision counter for each test call .
adds the documentation site root to doc paths , creating a full url .
checks that the key _ path exists and the key _ mode is either 0400 or 0600 .
raises the exception , performs cleanup if needed
checkout a branch to the working directory .
only load if the postgres module is present
chi - square test of independence of variables in a contingency table .
gprs suspension request section 9 . 1 . 13b
return a job based on its id
digest _ auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
read unsigned 16bit integer from bti file .
save the current in - memory rules to disk
for debugging : dump an xls files biff records in char & hex .
create a metadef property or raise if it already exists .
create a volume from the values dictionary .
logistic growth model
script entry point .
a factory for generating group commands
search for ports using a regular expression .
list of revoked task - ids .
takes logarithms and combines them using the following rules : - log ( x ) + log ( y ) = = log if both are not negative - a * log ( x ) = = log if x is positive and a is real
same as upcast but taking dtype . char as input .
get the clusters quorum status
checks if the requested version is valid .
a version of pythons urllib . quote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
get complex by dictionary , list or value .
return the kind of the given key .
same as get _ student _ from _ identifier ( ) but will raise a dashboarderror if the student does not exist .
set the stubs .
write the cfg file describing a scaled mri subject .
run all python tests
create an error message for extra items or properties .
gets the root mean square error .
add collar and shaft .
handles post from the " add room " form on the homepage , and redirects to the new room .
returns a getresponse constructed from get _ indexes response pb .
render an error page to the user .
sets the root directory to download and cache datasets .
raise a warning msg .
decrypt a keyfile .
serialize a sequence of characters with attribute information
define a domain based on the xml - file path passed to the function
test installing an editable git package from a repository , upgrading the repository , installing again , and check it gets the newer version
global function to access the couchbase connection
return the path to our storage repository
return the global : class : psutil . process instance .
request power state change name
this is 4x faster than calling os . urandom and prevents the " too many files open " issue with concurrent access to os . urandom ( )
returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
return next tag , skipping s .
call load _ builtins with xonsh _ execer
returns the applications app engine id .
convert dictionary keys to utf8 - encoded strings for mapnik .
return a dict mapping all job ids to job information
given either an absolute path to a python file or a module name , load and return a python module .
token can be only a single char .
temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
return the first element of type tagname if found , else none
a function to connect to a bigip device and delete a specific node .
search for people & groups which match a search term
calculates a multiplier to scale github colors to commit history
round a : class : ~ datetime . datetime to the resolution of timedelta .
parse a document , returning the resulting document node .
extract a module - level docstring , if any
helper function for : func : sqf and : func : factor .
an op to compute the length of a sequence .
calculate the center of mass of the values of an array at labels .
parse the jpeg 2000 codestream to extract the size and component count from the siz marker segment , returning a pil tuple .
the main user view that only collects a bunch of user specific data to populate the template context .
return a list of normalized locales that do not throw an exception when set .
a decorator that measures the amount of time func takes to run .
loads a custom template tag set .
get the profiles directory path , which is the settings directory joined with profiles .
convolve two n - dimensional arrays using fft .
makes a cdf from a dictionary that maps values to frequencies .
decorate a function to be executed with higher or lower priority .
add to or create a new emerge _ default _ opts in the make . conf
returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain .
verifies that the given list _ id corresponds to the course _ id
wrapper around git - http - backend to provide git repositories export over http .
convenience function for getting the custom form set in settings . registration _ extension _ form .
direct _ abstract _ declarator : direct _ abstract _ declarator lbracket constant _ expression _ opt rbracket
require arabic tutorial in obsolete state .
call the function until it returns true or the duration elapsed .
get the version of ceph installed
converts the given timedelta to seconds .
validate an unflattened nested dict against a schema .
get the y intersection if it exists .
add data with a given entropy to the prng
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
ensure that the named schema is absent .
setup the rfxtrx cover .
the data y are entered as a table ie subjects are in rows and repeated measures in columns
setup lets - encrypt for site
scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
lookup all lexers that handle those filenames primary or secondary .
replace expressions exactly
turn a beautifulsoup form in to a dict of fields and default values
the factory method
retrieve the mapping dictionary between tagsets .
only load if required libraries exist
makes log lines
determine if unicode string only contains ascii characters .
converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits .
given linear recurrence operator operatorname { l } of order k with polynomial coefficients and inhomogeneous equation operatorname { l } y = f , where f is a polynomial , we seek for all rational solutions over field k of characteristic zero .
check if there are any applied mq patches .
sends a gcm or fcm notification to a single registration _ id .
retrieve a plugin class by its entrypoint name .
get two orthogonal vectors orthogonal to ez .
detach the current process in the background .
wait until a specific state has been reached on a node
location edit page
return a list of refs that can be used as environments
this function wraps : func : dumps to add a few enhancements that make life easier .
part the specified channel .
remove api info from register
run stonehouse example
install flocker cluster on a distribution .
getterminalsize ( ) - get width and height of console - works on linux , os x , windows , cygwin originally retrieved from : URL
test that an object follows our unicode policy .
convert a sink protobuf to the native object .
simplest possible application object
a call to list that wont get removed by lazify
get new repository .
plot a reference line for a qqplot .
add the togetherlist to the togetherlists is the sorted is different .
change the brightness of multiply images , randomly or non - randomly .
prints the tab completion menu according to the following format : [ needle ] _ _ [ index ] _ _ [ possible _ match ]
walks a simple data structure , converting byte strings to unicode .
expects a folder containing files with name rtxxxx . txt each file contains lines of the form e . g . : 1978 1 1 0 - 99 . 9 - 99 . 9 representing year , month , day , rainfall , minimum and maximum temperature
returns a sizer for extensions of messageset .
install the reactor with the given c { shortname } attribute .
returns a module if it exists or none .
return the symbol used by the locale for the specified currency .
queries the given executable for various architecture information .
checks if can be imported , returns true if it can be , false otherwise .
return 1 for ignorable line : iff line is blank or contains a single # .
returns the file path to the ca certs file
test if test is a proper : class : elasticsearch . elasticsearch client object and raise an exception if it is not .
maps roles to the roles that they depend on .
assign and persist a simple sysctl parameter for this minion name
open the default editor at the given filename and linenumber .
uses the zipfile python module to unpack zip files . .
print a list of orders
return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
check things that have to be finalized at the end of a test suite .
now this is a crazy and silly hack , but it is basically here to enforce that an empty path always takes precedence over an article _ id such that the root article doesnt get resolved to / id / but / .
check to see if policy exists .
internal method to replace the current thread local connection .
delete flavor instance _ type information from instances system _ metadata by prefix .
remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top .
returns error message of the last occurred exception .
only load if mercurial is available
return a query for all activities from users that user _ id follows .
convers the given string date to : data : user _ format
returns the conjugate - transpose of a matrix
synchronize the current context .
this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by
get multiple precision integer out of the string .
add missing foreign key constraint on pci _ devices . compute _ node _ id .
convert the state as reported by blockdevicedeployerlocalstate . shared _ state _ changes to a blockdevicedeployerlocalstate instance .
estimate the worst case number of rounds remaining ids : dict of active ids cluster _ mapping : cluster mapping as dict bail _ out : minimally required cluster size log _ fh : log file handle
enhanced histogram function
return true if a is greater than or equal to b
given a list value and type , get its payload structure .
create uuid and save it in a file .
see the facebook docs : URL URL
add exercise logs for the given topics , for each of the given users .
same as imp . find _ module , but handles dotted names
binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi - model approach for
if * d * has * attempt _ id * but not * task _ id * , add it .
return the native string base64 - decoded .
retrieve a projection object by name .
returns shape of a variable .
set quota to glusterfs volume .
return a dictionary mapping option names to option instances .
remove a possible " @ " suffix from an interface name .
returns the first environment variable set if none are non - empty , defaults to or keyword arg default
control - n in vi edit mode on readline is history previous , unlike default prompt toolkit .
perform a strided 1d convolution by reshaping input and filters so that the stride becomes 1 .
parse the 229 response for a epsv request .
returns json - safe version of string .
json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code
raise a warning on nodes that are known to have negative numeric values .
page header for component resources
move through south exit if available
returns a serialization statement for accessing values of the given arguments .
adds - - run - without - docker argument .
return a string describing a text motion .
ensure that the named index template is present
sync doctype customzations for a particular data set
extract a list of unicode strings from the given text / encoding using the following policies : if the regex contains a named group called " extract " that will be returned if the regex contains multiple numbered groups , all those will be returned if the regex doesnt contain any group the entire regex matching is returned
checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds .
gaussian sampling function .
encode a dict of values ( either strings or file descriptors or
given a course _ id and comment _ id , update the comment with payload attributes handles static and ajax submissions
ensure that argument lines are correctly split like in a shell .
unpack an image into a directory structure
parameter _ declaration : declaration _ specifiers declarator
returns dataset from csv stream .
get txt from clipboard .
return iokit _ devicetree information from osquery
recursively stack lists of tensors to maintain similar structure .
escapes a value for use in a url .
base manager of serviceprovider is translatable .
returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code .
check if two ranges overlap .
compile a dsc configuration in the form of a powershell script and apply it .
collect attributes from arguments .
returns a list of installed applications and models for which the current user has at least one permission .
raise an error if the given port is not free on the given host .
return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
check if the package is valid on the given mirrors .
delete a nat gateway .
returns the name of compute api class .
determine if all the loops have at least the given number of sides .
get a timedelta object from the application configuration following the internal convention of : :
returns the number of inter - community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
apply the gram - schmidt process to a set of vectors .
permanently remove all stored sessions for the user from the db .
get line geometry output by the end , loop , steps and stepvector .
this method installs exception catching mechanisms .
generate a stream of tuples for seeding .
generate the project web page at sourceforge using the restructuredtext
performs sanity checks or decoding depending on the content - type , then returns the request payload as a dict .
internal routine to run a shell command in a given directory .
return the metadata of a dataset and its resources .
return json object when provided url
execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table .
fires after initialisation of : class : ~ ipython . core . interactiveshell . interactiveshell .
put to update a single resource class .
creates a new deliciousapi object .
a fast bfs node generator
lifts rebroadcast through unary elemwise operations , and merges consecutive rebroadcasts .
parse the upload info from file upload field _ storage .
play a wav audio file from system using os calls filename : name of file to read
dummy function to raise a fake exception and log it
create an user story along with its dependencies
shut down traffic server on the local node .
new message page
plot a correlation matrix with colormap and r values .
regenerates and updates the course structure for the specified course .
loads the list of helpers provided by plugins .
get the plural string .
internal helper method to clone a request , replacing with a different
find all files under dir and return the list of full filenames .
register an image file plugin .
prints all the visit num pages goal type info .
wrap the result of make _ image _ file in a django uploadedfile .
json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code
does the current user have permission to do the given action on the given item .
get the queue name prefix .
check if a zfs storage pool is active zpool : string name of storage pool
determines if the result has to be ignored .
clean out the old jobs from the job cache
retrieves instance information from an instance
returns the number of plugins that have been cached .
return subscription for a particular node and event .
returns the name of the default version for the server .
create a sample object for a cputime metric sample .
set the policies of an elb listener .
returns true if this layer will be included in the given state
set up logging for the keystone package .
get the remaining edge hashtable .
convert the string s to a float .
second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
parse json value and produce the corresponding python object
read chess games in pgn format in pgn _ file .
set up all of the standard metric prefixes for a unit .
call stack logging decorator for hardenedmoduleshook class .
ensures that when a cohortmemebrship is deleted , the underlying courseusergroup has its users list updated to reflect the change as well .
checks if a user exists in mongodb
format the given block of text , trimming leading / trailing empty lines and any leading whitespace that is common to all lines .
pads 5d tensor with zeros for the depth , height , width dimension with " padding [ 0 ] " , " padding [ 1 ] " and " padding [ 2 ] " zeros left and right
return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
converts a numeric state identifier to a status message .
compute the preferential attachment score of all node pairs in ebunch .
list and change theme
writes a ~ astropy . io . votable . tree . votablefile to a votable _ xml file .
require several python packages .
validate a datastore query with normalized filters , orders .
test serviceprovideeditview fields in new mode .
parse dell drac output
create an empty copy of the given cache .
update the deployment so that the dataset with the supplied dataset _ id has the supplied maximum _ size .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
given list the _ list , recursively converts all integers into strings .
takes ip and optionally netmask and returns the network in cidr - notation .
given two datetimes , determines whether they are separated by less than feconf . proximal _ timedelta _ secs seconds .
parses a form request body .
selects a proper iscsi adapter type from the existing hardware devices
sets default pcap behavior to try to use select ( )
tries to interpret the next 8 bytes of the data as a 64 - bit signed integer .
get metadata for the specified aggregate .
takes a tab list structure and renders it to a list for applying it to a file
this is a utility function used to manually set the flag noupdate to false on tags and account tax templates on localization modules that need migration
only work when dmidecode is installed .
returns the edit _ value from the parent country hierarchy .
sends the sensitivity parameters for a given pad , or all pads over the given valuecontrol .
returns default context as a dict ( )
a function that returns the value of the property
return a json representation of a python string
calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed .
very basic for now
given an object c { obj } , returns a list of method objects that match the string c { prefix } .
returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory
converts html content with html - specified line breaks in roughly equivalent textual content .
class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
check that these arguments , in supplied , are consistent .
return a pg cursor
formats a human - readable m : ss string as a float .
pull the body from the request and return it
a convenient method to setup a sequence of mock calls .
unregister an e - mail hook .
set config value in the datastore .
return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider .
calculate dn and ds of the given two sequences .
remove invalid characters
returns a list of urls .
roll back quota reservations .
return a copy of the original config so original isnt modified .
a variant of memoized _ property that allows for setting of properties .
ensure a value is not set in an openstack configuration file .
github webhook consumer
takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object
ensures that the keystone project exists
delete atomic group .
restful controller for programmes
upload large files using amazons multipart upload functionality .
mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . testcase . testskipped exception .
returns a detailed view of the lldp neighbors .
provides commands recognized by tor .
the action to generate python executable file .
handles a signal with sys . exit .
print a summary showing the total number of responses and queries .
publish a service .
initialises the cached inventory , retrieves data from the server .
handles slices in subscript nodes .
expansive string formatting for sequence types .
recv a bunch of messages on a pull socket
get a carving for the file using an import plugin .
get the package information of the available packages , maintained by dselect .
direct _ declarator : direct _ declarator lparen parameter _ type _ list rparen
overridable version of utils . utcnow .
compute nth derivative of hankel function h2v ( z ) with respect to z .
the x509 _ name created will not be gcd .
convert to ansistring .
write a packed refs file .
return the padded hexadecimal id of obj .
test mne inverse computation
this visually formats the help entry .
return the interfaces implemented for a class instances
show pricing for a particular profile .
run post push hook
update a cache entry and return its list of lines .
downloads a result to the appropriate black hole folder .
stop the service , and then start it again
return the vms size .
get version information for components used by spyder
get the list of available regions whose vendor is dimension data .
read the element size
manufacture a n - d class :
fixture to run all the tests for all available pickle protocols .
return xattr _ where _ from information from osquery
creates or deletes the follow relationship between request . user and the actor defined by content _ type _ id , object _ id .
check for joyent configs
randomly or centrally crop multiple images .
creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr
read config file and return config items as a dict
load an image file located in the data directory .
given a directory path , a list of exclude patterns , and a list of inclusion patterns : 1 .
removes a role from the postgres server
check if the installed package already has the given requirements .
get all instance faults for the provided instance _ uuids .
to do an immediate power off of a vm using its name .
trim the file list for output .
returns the size of the object accounting for pool alignment .
analyse * func * and return a dictionary of global values suitable for reduction .
with no = 1 , computes ceiling
return the seed ratio for the specified provider , if applicable .
colorize grayscale image .
get or set preferences .
pyi _ args allows running pyinstaller programatically without a subprocess pyi _ config allows checking configuration once when running multiple tests
returns the code object , given a python file
transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing
shortcut method which handles a pythonic left outer join .
add an element of the ground domain to f .
get vector3 lists recursively .
utility method to get a specific gui setting .
make a new communication .
check if http status code is successful .
save local facts
returns advertisement text .
imports a list of conditions from an . xlsx , . csv , or . pkl file
read a tag from the buffer , and return a tuple .
walk through the job dir and return jobs
template tag to serve javascript from django - pipeline .
wait for the greenlets to finish .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
groups samples by category values ; clusters within each group
generate a string key by hashing
given rest api id , and an absolute resource path , returns the resource id for the given path .
use this function when unsure whether func takes this and arguments as its last 2 args .
class decorator to add synchronous methods corresponding to async methods .
encode a port range range ( port _ min , ( port _ min | ) + 1 ) into a set of bit value / masks .
returns the minimum level of messages to be recorded .
delete a project .
defragment mounted btrfs filesystem .
sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
temperature the file or text .
remove a source bound to a zone . .
handle a log message from the openid library .
recursively traverse a prototype dictionary , including multiple inheritance .
collect and serve static files .
write bytes from buffer buf to file descriptor fd .
return - 1 if x < y , 0 if x = = y and 1 if x > y
formats a theoretical quantile axis to display the corresponding probabilities on the quantiles scale .
short - circuits the request - response cycle if the etag matches .
from a leaf , create a new leaf , that will have the same join context .
writes the state dictionary out to disk .
find k - clique communities in graph using the percolation method .
returns whether these filters suggests sharding by property range .
gets the path to cl . exe based on the output of calling the environment setup batch file , followed by the equivalent of where .
action or script to be performed once the queue has been completed
return atom - like quantities as far as substitution is concerned : derivatives , functions and symbols .
verify if variable contains a value in make . conf
return a unique id for a user , suitable for inserting into
return module with language localizations .
set screen buffer dimensions .
kludge the cache into instance ( s ) without having to create db entries
returns a dictionary of function names - > upstream documentation link
returns true if the given lists have at least one item in common .
returns a dictionary containing all file extensions belonging to registered plugins
extract the mac address from provided iface id .
returns an initialized proxyconfig for use in testing .
set the value of a cgroup parameter for a container .
given a group name or group name and vpc _ id : 1 .
returns a genericinlineformset for the given kwargs .
get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
produce a collection of attribute level row processor callables .
a version of pythons urllib . quote ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
executes the entire test suite .
generate the chunks within a range of lines in the specified filediff .
set ssl certificate path for site
generate all dirs under the given dirs .
handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
place for " dirty " python related patches
import the configuration to memory from stable storage .
compute the crt private _ exponent % value from the rsa private _ exponent ( d ) and p .
construct new python session .
restful crud controller
create an error model instance for the given target context .
scan the string s for a json string .
virtually concat several sff files list _ of _ file _ handles : list of open filehandles to . sff . txt files returns : flowgram generator , header
parse an enum value .
update cached volume usage for a volume
display a users profile , showing their review requests and reviews .
given a valid short number , determines whether it is carrier - specific .
loads a custom template tag set .
retrieve user partition information for the component visibility editor .
write information about an image .
returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not .
verify that a string is a valid path to a directory , make it absolute .
error if the value doesnt look like a list of hostnames or ip addresses separated by commas .
place an order for a security for a given percent of the current portfolio value , which is the sum of the positions value and ending cash balance .
solve a linear least - squares problem with bounds on the variables .
returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a cuda gpu .
destroys a vm record .
list the packages currently installed as a dict : : { : } jail
round float errors
pick only data channels .
partition the list in the list items before and after the sel
generator for yielding nodes of a tree in a topological sort .
encode a dict or sequence of two - element tuples into a url query string .
add a named tag to a question , creating it first if appropriate .
return string with save _ filter regex entries removed .
returns the wire format string and the hash module to use for the specified tsig algorithm
return angle between - 90 and + 90
copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host .
stubs out the httplib . httprequest . getresponse to return faked - out data instead of grabbing actual contents of a resource
with a function , and a list of keyword arguments , returns arguments in the list which the function takes .
delete the compilation lock if someone else has it .
parse config for access _ log directives
simple utility function to fetch all things of class t _ class that were created from since to until
test threadsaftey of readparsers read counting
encode a number in base x num : the number to encode alphabet : the alphabet to use for encoding
three column output : position , aa in representative sequence , ic _ vector value
returns portaudio version as a text string .
reshapes an operator .
check dependencies and install if necessary .
add a new path to known _ paths by combining sitedir and name or execute sitedir if it starts with import
add the specified group
a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts .
copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added ; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
performs a series of checks against the system and writes the results to the logging system .
find and return edimax smart plugs .
checks if dict in for of string like " { test : 5 } " contains key / value pair .
sets up the apscheduler
contexts where preferred _ plugins can be modified w / o side - effects .
return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram .
find and return a list of orphaned instances .
return the product of the given two series , modulo o .
unicode - url - encodes non - encoded characters in a given payload
fixture to save / restore the logging state .
evaluate more than one delayed at once .
helper function that returns a list of virtualnics and their information .
return a compute function from its code body and dependencies .
this is a test mocking function to return a site configuration
standardizes all responses
determine if repo _ url should be treated as a url to a git or hg repo .
pull salt file references out of the states
plots a 3d parametric line plot .
attempts to determine the process id for a process with the given port , using . . .
puts the transaction manager into a manual state : managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
returns the value of a cgroup parameter for a container path path to the container parent directory default : / var / lib / lxc . .
fetch lyrics from lyricswiki .
use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
return the set of e - mail addresses for the recipients .
fail unless the deb file at package _ path contains all the expected _ paths .
removes extra whitespace from name and applies a metadata processor .
on python 2 , patches the _ _ str _ _ and _ _ repr _ _ methods on the given class so that the class can be written for python 3 and unicode .
a demonstration showing the creation and inspection of a dependencygrammar .
flake8 - static check for python files
count the number of items in an iterable .
send signal from sender to all connected receivers catching errors signal - - signal value , see connect for details sender - - the sender of the signal if any , only receivers registered for any will receive the message .
get the image model from the wagtailimages _ image _ model setting .
internal function to validate collections options
compute the winding number of the input polynomial , i . e . the number of roots .
creates grpc stub to make requests to the instance admin api .
evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval
zdt2 multiobjective function .
catch stderr in a stringio
generate an array with block checkerboard structure for biclustering .
perform an http query and statefully return the result . .
returns a dictionary whose keys are implementations and whose values are numpy arrays of times taken to evalute the given problem .
get the current system time .
get normal by path .
parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client .
a hack to make true and 1 and false and 0 unique for uniq .
determine test coverage
use the old python - memcache server hash function .
contact tool _ shed _ url for a list of requirements for a repository or a list of repositories .
terminate the calling users account .
validates an xml file against a schema or dtd .
returns the model matching the given app _ label and case - insensitive model _ name .
import a group from ldap .
deletes the specified firewall _ rule
computes the free - energy of visible unit configuration v _ sample , according to the interpolating distribution at temperature beta .
get the http method + url from requests
saves the image as a series of png files , that are then converted to a . icns file using the macos command line utility iconutil .
associate fixed ip to instance .
create a simple enumeration .
creates a new store .
tests that f is equivalent to the sigmoid function when the pool size is 1
calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context .
setup to run via launchd on os x .
the part thats the least straightforward about views in this module is how they determine their redirects after they have finished computation .
apply forward model and return data , times , ch _ names .
return a resource finder for a package .
returns task flow for ovf process .
return the composition of all graphs .
test a serialize / deserialize round trip .
return true if the extracted wheel in wheeldir should go into purelib .
show recent scans route
constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model _ spec .
execute show version command using netmiko
build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of inovavolumemanager adheres to that interface .
load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error
return the language most appropriate for writing emails to user .
enables version control with full admin integration for a model that has already been registered with the django admin site .
get a list of module files for a filename , a module or package name , or a directory .
take a prefix and list of javascript names and return appropriate string of script tags .
create a record with standard attributes .
set the number of days of warning before a password change is required .
associate a floating ip address to a server . .
helper function to get and / or verify the data sizes and time scales .
gets the authorized credentials for this flow , if they exist .
attach block volume
return the response from a http server .
takes a number and a string , and pluralizes that string using the number and combines the results .
initial setup for the daemon .
attempt to prevent foot - shooting in a helpful way .
attempts to read the width and height of a video file , using mediainfo
inform the user about the need to periodically look for new analyzer binaries .
decorator for cli args .
commits a user contributions object to the datastore .
consolidate apt sources .
patch the configdata module to provide fake data .
lower an array expression built by rewritearrayexprs .
transform a list of characters into a list of longs .
return a representation of the given timezone using " location format " .
private callback function for system _ specific _ unzipping
handle configured proxies . .
scale data type - dependently for estimation .
convert a numeric value to an intenum member .
iterate the control queue and send the results received to the print _ result method so that they can be presented to the user .
sort shorter passages first .
write the output file for module / package .
callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight .
set user role method
generate c code to allocate outputs .
insert a new entry under a specific endpoint .
turns your journal into separate files for each entry .
get layer object as json
print rate and absolute limits .
partitions a test suite by test type .
restful crud controller
create and start containers defined in the the docker - compose . yml file located in path , service _ names is a python list , if omitted create and start all containers path
a synonym for : func : joinedload _ all ( )
clear the namespace from the register
build the branches for a specific project .
returns a handle to data file .
return a host free port in the range [ start _ port , end _ port ] .
executes python file in this process as if it were a cgi .
prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one .
given a yyyy - mm - dd string and an albuminfo object , set the objects release date fields appropriately .
retrieve the java type of a descriptor
returns the current line number in our program .
get current video track .
command : dim dimlist
attempt to create a link dst that points to src .
get networks hosts config in dhcp - opts format .
get the repository constructor .
define and parse optparse options for command - line usage .
decorator to indicate flake8 extension .
return a dict of the changes required for a group if the group is present , otherwise return false .
returns a dictionary for the given cursor . description and result row .
for finding files in twisted / trial / test
waits for pid until it terminates or timeout expires .
return the template data from the series _ id passed in
make the basic nearest , bilinear and bicubic interps
filter the list of link attributes on whether it has target _ rel as a relationship .
measure memory usage of a python statement
glues chops back together into a string .
creates a shared variable array filled with nans .
record the purchase and run purchased _ callbacks
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a monitor .
patches calls to run _ on _ app _ servers on instance methods
returns a formatted string of a quote
return mac address corresponding to a given ip address
returns the tuple , where fa and fd are polys in t .
contact view picture
uses reversing to rotate the list .
sorts ids based on their cluster _ size
like pretty ( ) but print to stdout .
returns a list of strongly connected components in a directed graph using kosarajus two pass algorithm
utility function to get partitioned reads from file .
create an index on a column .
return urlparsed url from the given argument
setup ecobee thermostat .
only load if boto is available .
set / add a default value to defaults
request configuration steps from the user .
find images referenced in the code and return a dict of " filename " - > " inset quad " .
given assembled machine code bytes , execute them .
context manager that asserts no file descriptors are leaked .
decode a long from a twos complement little - endian binary string .
reproduces the missing feature explained at [ 0 ] , where we want to mock a call to modify an instance attribute of type : blockdevicemapping .
repack packages specified using " pkgs " argument to pkg states into a single dictionary
print package names that would be affected .
get a db session
convert imap4 internaldate to ut .
wrapper function for breadcrumbs .
returns true if the value is devisible by the argument
ensure that name is a valid report .
preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected dtype kinds .
returns the language - code thats listed in supported languages , possibly selecting a more generic variant .
wrap it all up together
project version delete html
bump cache for given item
bench manager for frappe
creates a url object which corresponds to the url string .
a django context processor to give templates access to marketing urls
convert mpl line symbol to plotly line symbol and return symbol .
decompress zbuf so that it decompresses to < = maxlen bytes , while using < = maxmem memory , or else raise an exception .
return a list of users that match a username and falling back to email
evaluation of the graph - lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log - likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity
generate the suite of tests .
returns true if the page appears to be the index page of an svn repository
blog posts feeds - maps format to the correct feed view .
generate kernel _ arg _ access _ qual metadata
get all specification for a given qos _ specs .
get the username from the environment or password database .
send an announcement to all channels the bot is in
return a model dict set with the passed in key values
retrieve the next item from the iterator by calling its next ( ) method .
recalculates every listing query for every subreddit .
get all backups belonging to a project .
wrapper around parser . parse _ args that raises a valueerror if unexpected arguments are present .
return the unix epoch divided by a constant as string .
order payment with default payment method with custompaymentprocessor provider should remain not _ paid .
decorator that calls urlresolvers . reverse ( ) to return a url using parameters returned by the decorated function " func " .
integrate 1d or nd system of odes using 4 - th order runge - kutta .
create an un - versioned archive of a repository .
computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters , the number of parameters , and the number of samples .
log a message with severity error on the root logger , with exception information .
sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order .
format an arbitrary value as a compact string .
a decorator to set a serializer class in detail or list method of viewsets making it possible to extract the right serializer to generate the proper documentation
turn a one letter code protein sequence into one with three letter codes .
add a partition to an application id if necessary .
does nothig on ironpython .
splits title containing a year into a title , year pair .
find a user id and group id from a string like user : group .
convert entities and their associated sentiment to json .
find the corresponding < that started a template .
recognize sound headers
a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions
sends the password changed notice email for the specified user .
deletes the old feed items for which extension settings have been created .
get the tag browser serialized as json
return a map of servers to a list of tuples .
generator collecting replies from queue
initialize the application log .
extra cc config , like extra cpp include path splited by space .
generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width .
if the user does not have a tags column , then it creates one
resolve supplied obj to a django model class .
create list of message segments from text
returns the average on - time , averaged over all on - time runs .
given a vector of widths and heights around a center , output a set of anchors .
returns the id name for the given id number , spreadsheet - style , i . e . from a to z , then from aa to az , ba to bz , etc . , until zz .
read measurement info from a file .
list friends for followers
python2 string escape
evaluates the tan of an interval
return a list of worksheets
set a new amplification value for a particular equalizer frequency band .
stops the rabbitmq application , leaving the erlang node running .
complete the openid login process
if called without an argument , displays a floating point number as 34 . 2 - - but only if theres a point to be displayed .
get a metadef objects list
return a class which can be used as inheritance base for translation models
generate random integers
return true and false , if false , users access will not be granted .
returns a dict of domain objects representing explorations with the given ids as keys .
set up cross domain validation and hoisting for a request handler .
remove non release groups from name
get modules pair for the constants and parser of of - wire of a given of version .
convert data size from human readable units to an int of arbitrary size .
check that the resolv . conf is present and populated
same as twisted . internet . defer . succeed but delay calling callback until next reactor loop
pvalue correction for false discovery rate
this is a log base 256 which determines the minimum octet string length for unequivocal representation of integer n by pkcs _ i2osp .
transfer the closest remaining paths .
create a widgetbox of bokeh widgets .
visual debugging of detections .
deletes a vlanid entry from db
i am a normal py file which must define a resource global , which should be an instance of web . resource . resource ; it will be renderred .
convert from a single argb value to a tuple containing rgba .
return an iterator of .
return the inet address for a given interface . .
returns a gallery consisting of the images of one of the dbs
removes credentials from repository url .
prints a brief usage string and exits , optionally with an error message .
rest controller for budget _ location
returns seqrecord objects from an ace file .
prepare accumulator which can be used in template in file . managed state .
completes an option name , based on the contents of the associated man page .
check if the current python installation appears amenable to building extensions with gcc .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a list of vector3s .
returns end of exponential , raises syntaxerror if failed
retrieve cpu information .
get all alarm details .
return the widget type
returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . . .
return boolean series indicating whether each string in the
enable support for plotting astropy . units . quantity instances in matplotlib .
a decorator for _ cp _ dispatch .
return a message with the specified id .
return - sinh / sinh pseudo - derivative of a periodic sequence x .
you have to call this to explicitly configure logging .
a helper method to parse the command line options
test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver
searches a list of filenames and replaces directories in the list with all files descending from those directories .
determine host - name for use in host - name - based addressing : - if ros _ ip / ros _ hostname is set , use that address - if the hostname returns a non - localhost value , use that - use whatever l { get _ local _ address ( ) } returns
create an telemetry alarms .
convert k / m / g / t / p notation to float
finds th on the given path and returns it if found
view the contents of the outbox
return match for given doctype as list or sql .
execute a notebook via nbconvert and collect output .
return the nodename for this process .
select a template for a page and render it .
given 2 country instances , deduplicate dup _ country and its references .
get our quotas and construct our usage object .
store commonly used values in flasks special g object
escapes html according to the rules defined by the settings richtext _ filter _ level , richtext _ allowed _ tags , richtext _ allowed _ attributes , richtext _ allowed _ styles .
return a unique token for the supplied request .
converts pipe separated text into a list
returns true if the specified path matches none of the specified exclude regular expresions .
output string straight to the tty
generate the simulated output from a spatial pooler thats sitting on top of another spatial pooler / temporal pooler pair .
check that this transaction is valid .
standardizes release name for failed db
helper function to create a weight variable initialized with a normal distribution
tell the minion to reload the execution modules
expire attributes in need of newly persisted database state , after an insert or update statement has proceeded for that state .
parse { - type syntax and replace with irc color markers
clean out the old jobs from the job cache
create a l { deferred } from a callable and arguments .
gets an enabled provider by its provider _ id member or throws .
get comparison in order to sort points in ascending y .
return the parameters type of a descriptor ( e . g v )
run command with arguments .
process function definitions of es 2 . 0 , webgl and annotations .
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
helper function to match hint linear _ coefficients .
return the ecdf of an array as a step function .
attach a permission array to each object of the queryset .
syntax color any node in the given document which contains a python source listing .
create a const node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name
converts val so that its safe for use in html .
get all images that match zero or more filters .
returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app .
given the directory of the autotest _ remote client used to run a profiler , return the remote path where profiler results will be stored .
update a task object
a notice letting the user know that this particular feature hasnt been implemented yet .
method to execute remote command as root .
call this with a format string and argument tuple for the format .
remove unnecessary section titles from the latex file .
returns a list of data handles .
check middleware interface and prepare it to iterate .
all servers matching one tag set .
decorator to mark a function or method as a test
simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option
get all volumes .
return an entity from an entity or model instance .
get an ansi color code based on a color number .
return a string representing the default user agent .
open and play a youtube video url .
generate js minifier based on jsmin . c by douglas crockford _ . .
return a locale we support , or none .
reset to a clean state by deleting all users
a decorator to ensure a log is added during a unit test .
allows to verify keys in a dictionary .
attempt to import a class from a string representation .
determine the webhost address and port , return
calculates the length of a tweet , taking into account twitters replacement of urls with URL links .
generate random blob - ish data with noisy features .
change frequency of daily search thread
selection function for injection place , parameters and type .
only load if the ini module is available
displayed if page or revision does not exist .
try to figure out the default runlevel .
l2 distance between tensors true and pred .
generator that checks token stream for localization errors .
ensure that an image is absent from the minion .
return a commented form of the given line
get resources from hsrc .
adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object :
check if list is exclusively made of empty strings .
creates a generator that generates all matching strings to a given regular expression
adds the billedopproto objects to the given map .
test loading model weights by name on : - both sequential and functional api models - different architecture with shared names
check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages
show source strings summary and checks .
handle checkid _ * requests .
turn a version string into a dict with major / minor / . . .
required method to auto register this checker
this creates a new service object for the s3 plugin .
creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments
insert site dir or virtualenv at a given index in sys . path .
send a message via smtp . .
helper function that waits for a spot instance request to become active for a specific maximum amount of time .
format / beautify a json file .
return a mediafile . image object for the path .
dumps the local machine users
returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry .
validate the beacon configuration
get redis key type
checks if the file system on partition has any errors .
check if http status code is redirection .
adds a mapping between a callback resource and a db model .
return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non - overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement format .
children of graph can only be field
determine field type , default value , references , etc .
update or create an item based on event id as pk
formats whitespace so that it is more visible .
build static assets with webpack .
fakes fetch image call .
recursive implementation method of jsonable2thrift .
decorator wrapper to log execution time , for profiling purposes
adds metadata about the depenencies which need to be met for doctesting the docstrings of the decorated objects .
routing area update complete section 9 . 4 . 16
returns the first value of the given key .
loads a boolean expression from a file .
takes two phone numbers and compares them for equality .
write the pip delete marker file into this directory .
inserts a node into the tree .
keyword arguments are accepted for backward compatiblity only .
select a unique randomly generated app name
this function calculates the log - conditional - probability measure which is used by coherence measures such as u _ mass .
synchronize network _ states table with current configured vlan ranges .
simplification of rational polynomials , trying to simplify the expression , e . g . combine things like 3 * x + 2 * x , etc . . . .
rudimentary method to read in data from a file
read the docker - compose . yml file if it exists in the directory
write graph as a list of edges .
construct a new enum object .
if a function returns a string , force it to be a text string .
test xunit output with different filename
only load if the postgres module is present
apply to requesthandler subclasses to enable streaming body support .
get new repository .
decorator for storage - access methods .
assignment complete section 9 . 1 . 3
use this function if you want to serialize a complexmodelbase instance to logs .
return greyscale morphological opening of an image .
jump to vim tab with corresponding number
remove invalid whitespace and / or single pair of dquotes and return none for empty strings .
converts a datestamp to a datetime .
formats a date as the time until that date .
simple query helper for retrieving a first batch .
return a list of disk partitions and their device , mount point , and filesystem type .
test run _ ica function .
take care in handling the repo _ info _ tuple as it evolves over time as new tool shed features are introduced .
the gateway to the distutils : do everything your setup script needs to do , in a highly flexible and user - driven way .
shut down traffic server on the local node .
construct 1 - 0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels
convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
return a dictionary object with the windows file attributes for a file .
if the executable given isnt an absolute path , search $ path for the interpreter
retrieve all xblocks in the course for a particular category .
instructs chocolatey to pull a vague package list from the repository .
explicitly zero out unused elements of a real symmetric banded matrix .
retrieve a keys value from a context item .
return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
convert an integer to one - , four - or eight - unit graph6 sequence .
read spatial projections from a fif file .
return url to remove _ tag _ async on q .
return the number of edges in the graph .
parse the services line
returns an html script element for including a script from the admin media url .
this function compute the output shape of convolution operation .
return a specific services
make a request to the zenoss api router
add a keypair to nova
create a safe version of the verion string .
fail if given objects are unequal as determined by the = = operator .
remove a pointer from a node , raising a 400 if the pointer is not in node . nodes .
returns a textual representation of a record array .
get current revision .
group table indices based on values of selected columns .
triage an fnirs pick type .
value of polynomial f at a in field r .
attempt to find the function in libc , otherwise return a no - op func .
get the requests options from salt .
given a thing , remove any notifications to its possible recipients .
order a graph of apply nodes according to a list of comparators .
for an email address name @ domain find its mail server ip addresses .
initialize the qcoreapplication . organizationdomain , applicationname , applicationversion and the default settings format .
patch a dataset .
create a self - signed certificate tls _ dir location appended to the ca . cert _ base _ path , default is tls bits number of rsa key bits , default is 2048
set a key / value pair in memcached
get the remaining edge hashtable .
check if a header is an entity header .
get summary from the rsync successfull output .
this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args
compile information about the metadata status for a list of modules
create a new volume type .
return an observer for the docutils reporter .
generate mapping data used in response
this page presents a list of all the settings to the user .
for a predicative adjective , returns the attributive form .
flow a gcode linear move text .
convert cfarray to python list .
url encode a single string with a given encoding .
destroy a given namespace .
starts an rq worker .
returns the number of bits required to hold a specific long number
loads tampering functions from given script ( s )
covert size - string to size in gigabytes .
get open filters for doctype
find last successful run .
add the vertexes .
user focused activity stream .
run the javascript tests and print results to the console
show the increase in peak object counts since last call .
prunes constant branches from the expression .
encode with quoted - printable , wrapping at maxlinelen characters .
convenience method that works with all 2 . x versions of python to determine whether or not something is stringlike .
gets a dataset tuple with instructions for reading flowers .
get the stored primary server name from db .
tells if the target is newer than the source .
ensure the website has been deployed .
creates spam akismet record for revision .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris 11
return an iterable of functions .
this function is deprecated .
uploads the project with the selected vcs tool .
process the xml element by derivation .
looks through subschema errors , if any subschema is determined to be the intended one , errors from its branch will be released instead of the parent error .
creates and returns an instance of the model given its class name .
helper to try and start machines
generic sparse coding
stop the windows time service
run a command from inside a given directory , returning the exit status
load a bitmap file from the backends / images subdirectory in which the matplotlib library is installed .
display path used by command - t
transform special chars in text to have only one line .
generator that splits a string by spaces , leaving quoted phrases together .
formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
very very hardcoded / dirty re / split stuff , but no dependencies
check if a value is np . nat .
like a topic .
disconnects from a vcenter or esxi host
calculates and returns the tangents , normals and binormals for the tube .
return true if any of the mx _ domains matches an mx _ domain in match _ domains .
internal helper to initialize _ flow _ exceptions .
provision a single machine
drops the table indicated by the model , if it exists .
same as os . makedirs ( ) except that this method returns the number of new directories that had to be created .
apply the tanh to each element of the matrix mat .
modify / add rtf metadata in stream
this function gets called when the proxy starts up .
sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation .
simple function for url generation .
returns data for a scatterplot matrix .
copy all docperm in to custom docperm for the given document
primary single - host work body of execute ( )
test reading and writing of freesurfer surface mesh files .
emit a socketio event .
see if d ( x ) returns something .
the home page .
ensure the service exists and encompasses the specified ports and protocols .
return a list of existing networks ids that we have configs for .
wait for the element to be either invisible or not present on the dom .
log a message with severity info on the root logger .
set the maximum number of days during which a password is valid .
strip extension from the end of a number string .
returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree .
get all pci devices by parent address .
encode a list of features into a geojson stream .
function for manipulating record types other than ptr
generate list of playlists .
filters a list of nodes by label and value
get the configuration for a security group .
return a layer .
returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation .
renders a template or template string with an entry as its context .
return an ndarray for our input , in a platform independent manner
do not treat nan and infinities as valid polynomial coefficients .
updates the throughput of the given global secondary indexes .
convert the value specified to a bit _ width .
form submission post - back endpoint .
get an absolute path to the target of link .
allow access to the datastore table through
errback invoked when authentication fails .
solve a generic system of polynomial equations .
load the plugins specified in the configuration .
get for project .
we will retry open graph shares after 15m to make sure we dont miss out on any shares if facebook is having a minor outage
execute queries against the time series database .
convert a virtual network object to a dict .
generative network to parameterize generative model .
compute class covariance matrix .
look only python files an packages .
check the exec path for include dirs .
retrieve all courses or particular course for which the user is eligible for credit .
return the unique method id .
a nice and neat way of documenting code .
displays ascii art of the highest caliber .
check what changes need to be made on a directory
post commit hook
pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned
get the current user
values have types associated with them based on graph _ reference .
helper to get / create a new translation project .
convert argument of unknown type to a bool :
update a resource view .
return a list of command - line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . flags .
convert other to decimal .
wait until server is listening on port .
logging in security _ monkey can be configured in two ways .
applies a moving window of type window _ type and size window on the data .
adds the specified fault to the database .
return the disk usage in a directory .
set the generated user - stylesheet .
set or change your profile photo .
return whether the dest is bind mounted
returns an action callback that spawns a new interactive python shell .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
returns the name of the current carrier for the request lifecycle .
disable any and all forwarding unless explicitly said so .
forward propagation activation function .
strongly inspired from idlelib . colordelegator . make _ pat
check if str is a valid windows file name
returns the dtype of a keras tensor or variable , as a string .
provide data for the corresponding dashboard section
return the details of a revision .
generate pseudorandom number .
generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model .
get the priority of this element .
returns the path to the package containing the named module or
read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp .
prepares a document for response including generation of etag and metadata fields .
setup the flux switches .
test generating a source space from volume label
remove all parameters from a url
returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk .
return a query for all activities about groups the given user follows .
test that call signature arguments applied through _ plot _ option _ logic overwrite options supplied through py . sign _ in which overwrite options set through tls . set _ config
start the data transfer from the reader to the writer .
find the python source file for a package , relative to a particular directory .
encodes a name / value pair .
command name auto - correct .
classify different position in a codon into different folds .
raises an exception if the given include file can not be found .
beta function that creates annotated heatmaps
retrieve hosts according to the given parameters .
push source strings to transifex for translation
return a lexer which is probably cached .
this function irreversibly destroys a virtual machine on the cloud provider .
maybe trigger some retries on jenkins .
build complex evolutions from a better list
takes a start date , end date , separator and formatting strings and returns a pretty date range string
creates the environment needed to host the project .
sets the iam policy for a topic .
hashes the given emails using sha - 256 .
render the main review request page .
returns a meta node with page , total , max _ results fields .
check whether locs is a reordering of the array np . arange ( n )
finds all matches for s in trie .
map a url onto specific projects to build that are linked to that url .
composes a regextokenizer with a lowercasefilter .
validates a schema .
recursively converts all color properties into # rrggbb format if shorter
creates a mysql user host
compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix .
test coregmodel with the fsaverage brain data
return a version of text that is no wider than width pixels when rendered , replacing characters from the left , middle or right of the string with an ellipsis .
make syscalls to get the mounted filesystems .
yield paths / uris of all job history files in the given directories , optionally filtering by * job _ id * .
apply the logistic sigmoid to each element of the matrix mat .
attempts to add a message to the request using the messages app .
add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object .
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
return system information about a vmware environment .
decorator which changes the current working dir to the one of the git repository in order to assure relative paths are handled correctly
estimate power spectral density using a periodogram .
sort tree contents when a column is clicked on .
register a new serializer by passing in a module name .
checks for the correctness of various spacing around function calls .
flip image horizontally
quote a string for use in a cookie header .
try to find out the versions of gcc , ld and dllwrap .
kuipers test of uniform distribution .
attempts to replace a modules socket library with a socks socket .
auto - discover installed _ apps admin . py modules and fail silently when not present .
get the importradius .
make sure the user is not attempting to use config . home .
supports the command - line arguments listed below .
force a repository refresh by calling zypper refresh - - force , return a dict : : { : bool }
dumps a number of textfiles to disk d - dict a mapping from filename to text like { a . csv : 1 , 1 2 , 2 }
its just here to make tests happy
read * bytes * bytes , returning the bytes interpreted as a signed integer if * signed * is true , unsigned otherwise .
prevent node from forwarding to itself .
standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big , medium and small versions of the source image .
api equivalent to using cookiecutter at the command line .
create the network instance .
return data _ files in a platform dependent manner
perform morphological thinning of a binary image .
stream decodes an iterator over compressed data
display a repo from the / etc / opkg / * . conf
record and return filename
declare that package packagename is a namespace package
select source positions using a label .
get equated paths .
converts in node to cron . retry _ parameters .
the symbol in this literal .
computes nutation components following the iau 2000b specification
add or edit a group .
this function generates the structure for an asymmetrical circle grid domain
convert a pure action to the corresponding mixed action .
return a list of the instance uuids on a given host .
import content from buf and return a hy ast .
resizes preview images and stores the sizes on the preview .
turns a list of paths into a list of basenames for each entry .
checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
sends nzb to nzbget client
get a list of students and grades for a particular problem .
construct a single string containing indexing operations for the indices .
converts a unix timestamp to a python datetime object
replaces escaped characters by unescaped characters .
test that columns can contain raw html which is not escaped .
get for project .
callback which runs with the image vdi attached .
return true if the coordinate zoom is within the textual range .
returns the steps needed to compute an integral .
return a filter to check if a cg is being used as creation source .
wrap an xml snippet representing a single symbolizer in the appropriate elements to make it a valid sld which applies that symbolizer to all features , including format strings to allow interpolating a " name " variable in .
always return a native path , that is unicode on python 3 and bytestring on
gathers the data from the specified minions mine , pass in the target , function to look up and the target type
a fast bfs node generator
create a completion model populated with the given data .
same as f ( ) , but in object mode
return router defined by rapidsms _ router setting .
executes a python script in an externally spawned interpreter , and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string .
convert datetime * dt _ val * from * src _ unit * to * dest _ unit * .
generates permission bits from dictionary
check and set the http / socks proxy for all http requests .
destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
if path is an empty directory , then remove it .
verifies that the provided padding is supported .
this is guaranteed to generate unique event ids for up to 1 million events per second .
converts the " backend _ uri " into a cache scheme , a host and any extra params that are required for the backend .
retrieve a url
setup the onkyo platform .
set debconf selections from a file or a template . .
setup dot products .
find the section number which contains the given node .
check vault for all data
access a list of urls in a text file
return the value for the location i
main entry point .
initialize metric descriptors
return a name for a backup file based on the time
encode python none .
for each item of states return a list containing all combinations of that item with individual bits reset , sorted by the number of set bits .
try to verify build tools
update metadata if it exists , otherwise create it .
a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables .
get names and descriptions for all parent folders except top level .
bind socket to bind ip : port in conf note : mostly comes from swift with a few small changes . . .
returns the size of of the root disk in mb .
closes review requests as submitted automatically after a push .
render an alert
test mne inverse operator with a specified noise cov rank
in recent versions of python , hasattr ( ) only catches attributeerror .
converts builtins directives to includes directives .
return true if the alias is set
adds additional args to allow the vm name or uuid to be set .
validate a finnish social security number .
validate an xml against an xsd .
restructuredtext processing with optionnally custom settings .
return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion
returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
search for a resource in the list of paths .
returns the standard error of the trimmed mean along the given axis .
find schema elements and complex types
waits for the application hosted on this machine , on the given port , to respond to http requests .
get a storage instance for a credential .
a function to connect to a bigip device and delete an existing profile .
call tune2fs - l and parse the result .
load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
create a cpuset container and move jobs current pid into it
new asset form
get perf data from a service
check that the password , when crypted , matches the stored crypted password .
forces a bytestring to become a unicode string .
return true if the meta _ resource _ type is mutable in this context .
returns " http _ header _ name " for " header - name " or " header - name " , etc .
elasticsearch - specific simple search view .
restful crud controller
create response class for flask .
create a new dictionnay from dictionnary key = > values : just keep value number index from all values .
symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype .
return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
ensures the specified syslog configuration parameters .
iterator for the abi file format that yields trimmed seqrecord objects .
resample a barfeed into a csv file grouping bars by a certain frequency .
a human - readable error message for the last libvlc error in the calling thread .
gets alignment alphabet for codon alignment .
generic daily archive view for today .
check vmware / vcenter for all data
ascii string rendering of the sentence along with a single target and its fes .
compute id of a real matrix to a specified rank .
return the plain text representation of markdown encoded text .
wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries
generates a signed json web token using the google app engine default service account .
wrapper for using lxc . init in saltcloud compatibility mode names
footer for the waybill
assert that code raises a particular class of warning .
name of the last installed kernel , for red hat based systems .
enable capturing of writes to sys . stdout / sys . stderr and make captured output available via capsys . readouterr ( ) method calls which return a tuple .
create a technical 404 error response .
runs a wsgi - compatible function using fcgi , scgi , or a simple web server , as appropriate .
takes a soundcloud track item and returns a formatted string .
sort a collection of : class : . table objects based on dependency .
helper function for pretty - printing a long string .
obtains a remote object .
return if name matches pat .
running a restore
expr : minus expr % prec uminus
return the hex value , as a string , of a binary - encoded int or long .
gather the statistics needed for lstd , assuming infinite data .
encode a basestring to utf - 8 .
typedef : typedef field _ type identifier
a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific pool .
counts all matching strings to a given regular expression
a worker process that runs every so often and updates live values of the context .
set version in src / robot / version . py .
create { category _ value : [ samples _ with _ that _ value ] } dict .
builds a path inside an application folder
main entry point for module execution
return a uuid for use in the payment flow .
return the number of active cpus on a unix system .
debug a single doctest docstring .
shows predictions of the tm when presented with the characters a , b , c , d , x , and
module function to encrypt a password .
register a package in the package database
get a brocade specific port .
get an existing continuous query .
resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission .
check if ini section exists , if not create it
accept the key for the vm on the hyper , if authorized .
determine which courses have been completed by the user .
show a confirmation screen
evaluates the sine of an interval
returns the rows in the given table or query as an xml - string , for example :
a placeholder filter function which always returns true
simple assertion that just verifies the specified output is valid xml .
converts floats into rational .
reflect the native sets contents into the python object .
produce a mapper level row processor callable factory for mappers inheriting this one .
tool is galaxys representation of the tool and param _ dict is the parameter dictionary with wrapped values .
send usage notifications to the configured notification driver .
return an iterable of the most relevant wiki pages and questions .
device - mapper multipath list
show the names of available metrics .
it converts url to html - string using appropriate proto - prefix :
returns name as sms sender
get file path from augeas _ vhost _ path .
aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect , depending on the http protocol version .
create a model from a user defined function .
this view shows the details of a service
process the xml element .
groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token .
create a thumbnail by resizing while keeping ratio .
extract configuration data from a bdist _ wininst . exe
verifies all account types are in the database
restful crud controller
converts usernames of social profiles to full profile links if link is username , prepend website to it else return the link
calls pdflatex in a tempfolder
register implementations of python function * fn * using the external function named * f32extern * and * f64extern * .
computes the minimal polynomial of an algebraic element using operations on minimal polynomials
get the index into s _ in or s _ out given a degree and order .
convert width _ str with rst length to latex length .
convert firewall rule allowed user - string to specified rest api format .
clone the repo
url - encode strings to make them safe for a cookie value .
expr : variable
round the number to a given precision .
get the xml element by key .
this pulls out a keyword filter from a search term and returns the value for the filter and a new term with the filter removed .
does the url contain a downloadable resource
return path component of request - uri , as defined by rfc 2965 .
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
get data to show for usage info
split * sql * into single statements .
can be used to dump profile stats
split source code into lines
restful crud controller
split code at " symbol , only if it is not escaped .
get the backup of stored a configuration rollback
call the appropriate index method for a given notification .
draws guides showing the currently displayed interval at scale on the right side of the screen .
compute ssp vectors on evoked .
test ica resetting .
key repositories for encryption should be unique .
draw an image with a circle .
does the opposite of pack4 .
plot erfimage topography using a single axis .
unescapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field .
returns seqrecord objects from a nexus file .
enrolls a user in a course .
convert ldap search result to python types used by openstack .
switch the current organization .
test irreducibility using eisensteins criterion .
parse gcode files and send the commands to the extruder .
return apply nodes of expr sub - tree in topological order .
return iface ipv4 addr or an error if iface does not exist
build a list of test arguments .
round a float to a precision
convert s to float or raise
spawn a process and return its output as a deferred returning a l { bytes } .
set decoded audio format .
return a dictionary with all keys converted from arguments
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
iterate over all style rules in the specified sheet .
retrieve the time value of an asn1 time object .
format an html error message
function calculates a list of precomputed factorials in order to massively accelerate future calculations of the various coefficients .
parse an openid response from a django request .
return data to couchbase bucket
concatenates request _ suffix to end of string
find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin _ x
internet gateway fail to attach w / bad vpc
retrieve the highstate data from the salt master and display it
get values from the minion datastore . .
sets dns host records settings for the requested domain .
notifications for modules
anova table for one or more fitted linear models .
function used when new openid association success .
convert text into a dns rdata type value .
locate and return a directive function from its language - dependent name .
look up information on a series .
find and register a package .
create a bitstring representing a clade , given ordered tree taxon names .
ease siocgif * ioctl calls
check if a cohort already exists .
find the name of the zone which contains the specified name .
checks whether a database flavor was specified .
random text generator .
get current openshift config
helper function to emulate function total _ seconds , introduced in python2 . 7 URL # datetime . timedelta . total _ seconds
convert a pascalcase string to its snake _ case equivalent .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
returns indices to residual array with k outliers removed
left is a sql clause like tablename . arg = and lst is a list of values .
retrieves the option metadata if key is a registered option .
return the parser class from the parser _ name module .
identity request section 9 . 2 . 10
uses johnsons algorithm to compute shortest paths .
make the container root directory
construct an index array that , when applied to an array of values , produces a 2d array containing the values associated with the previous event for each sid at each moment in time .
create logger according to provided configuration
parse / validate color format .
take a snapshot .
returns true or false on whether the queue exists in the region name
unpack single set sevenset to extraction _ path , with password tries
push a string onto the current block stack .
create a filter function from a string parameter .
parse the implicit token response uri into a dict .
make predictor matrix for var ( p ) process
raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
returns the absolute url to path _ name in the rtd docs .
returns a string representation of a float with the the given number of fractional digits .
clear cached items - for debugging use .
create a class that will create partial functions that generate commands for the current init command .
returns a key for the kind table .
build loss function .
format text with a color and / or some attributes : : color normal color color * bold color _ color _ underlined color + color + blinking color
enable the flocker docker plugin .
creates any _ next methods for attaching to a resource .
a function returning a valid individual from an invalid one .
return a dictionary containing the mailcap database .
check if url is ssh
returns the directory of the theme associated with the given host .
builder / wrapper helper
find root device path for instance
pads an array which has none as the boundary type .
generate a random upper string with alpha chars
compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher .
main function to run behave .
write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file , if write commented file for skeinforge chain is selected .
get the int from the string .
this functions checks if we a running test with the osmesa backends and fix the gl library if needed .
check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug
return x minus best fit line ; linear detrending .
return version from firewall - cmd
calculate the deviance information criterion of the samples in trace from model
return the currently configured jobs .
get list of users and access information
make sure that different delimiters work as expected .
permission denied handler .
resource header for requests
perform an mb record lookup .
unpack single rar set rarfile to extraction _ path , with password tries
create a list with tree nodes for which the function returned true in a post order fashion
convert a number field to a python number .
return a list of available flavors
construct ( tuple : : rsaobj
determine if the segment between the first and second point is intersecting the loop list .
return art url from itunes store given an album title .
tests user - accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root .
a little helper function that checks an api error code and returns a nice message .
retrieves the votes cast by a user on a list of objects as a dictionary keyed with object ids and stores it in a context variable .
refresh & resolve dns names in trust rules
make sure * args * are equal len before zipping
json encoding wrapper that handles datetime objects
get the carving for the csv file .
check if a service is running .
function for getting cache directory to store data cache files .
a prefix - based relpath , with no normalization or support for returning . . .
finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude .
determine if the argument is an infinite ieee 754 value
returns true if distinct ( ) should be used to query the given lookup path .
print out a representation of the changes that will be made if an albums tags are changed according to match , which must be an albummatch object .
get the hash sum of a file
returns post data .
return deserialize object from memcached
return the filename of the superpack installer .
context manager that creates a temporary directory and set it as cwd .
parses the configuration and creates an option instance .
returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
return the version of the installed solc .
this function checks if the registration code is valid , and then checks if it was already redeemed .
checks when locking / unlocking has been requested if the host is already locked / unlocked .
arrange widgets with ajax request
returns a list of tuples for fragments of the passed sequence of length window _ size , calculated by the passed function .
provides a custom getter for all variable creations .
insert a pure function in the given module .
get json representation of ccx schedule
determine the content type to use for an account or container listing response .
tag an image into a repository and return true .
generate config for redis cache
colorize text using ansicolor ref : URL
determine if the func node is decorated with abc decorators .
signal to ensure that every created user is assigned to the current site only
function used by getterminalcharset ( ) to get terminal charset .
collect page names for the sitemap as html pages are built .
get url page possible with username and password .
finds and returns the foreignkey from model to parent if there is one .
compute the spline representation of the derivative of a given spline
delete the named service . .
decode olympus specialmode tag in makernote
loads a library .
return a dictionary with the needed info .
item delete page
run a method and log additional information about any exceptions that are raised .
return a symbolic column variable .
creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west .
for each subject string in the series , extract groups from the first match of regular expression pat .
set the package - level random number generator .
will print header and objects kwargs go to csv . dictwriter help for more .
generates and returns printable name from the given string .
rebuild a sympy tree
check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem .
now take the matrix data type and generate a spreadsheet from it
remove xml file .
calculates the levenshtein distance between a and b .
convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
returns a time based uuid .
load the grammar .
returns a tuple of the version .
transform matrices with singular values less than one to matrices corresponding to a stationary process .
transfer a directory down
create a soap fault message
construct a full url by combining a " base url " with another
returns a unused port number .
move the clock forward by a lot of time .
returns the given date formatted as a string .
list existing networks names
system information type 2 section 9 . 1 . 32
rollback transaction on uncaught error .
delete an existing service
a unittest suite for one or more doctest files .
convert mpl marker symbol to plotly symbol and return symbol .
find the roots of a cubic b - spline .
update an existing datasource in running jboss instance .
return true if the application is scriptable
return a filehandle to one of the example files in mpl - data / example fname * the name of one of the files in mpl - data / example
report resource versions in debug logs .
return the hemisphere id for a source space .
soft - threshold a tensor by the mean value .
generator for v1 resnet models .
makes a character literal .
returns a dict containing pem entries in files matching a glob glob _ path :
base64 decodes password and unencrypts it with private key .
upload a template file .
read a coil def file .
create layout arranging nodes on a circle .
create a dataset only if a certain condition is true for the configuration .
check for line length ; this checker is not run by default .
remove repeating module names from string .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for a network interface .
return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
demonstrates use of the docs extension using the docssample object .
converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits .
return the structure representation of the given * array _ type * .
copy a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
extract sort _ key and sort _ dir from request , return as : [ , ]
runs the application in a fake environment .
return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value .
trims an array by masking some proportion of the data on each end .
calculates whether n is composite or prime
get services for a given binary .
perform classical mds .
bucket names must not contain uppercase characters .
checks if a user exists on the mysql server .
return appropriate ipython command line name .
replace series with column names in an index wherever possible .
decode z85 bytes to raw bytes , accepts ascii string
close a number of open matplotlib windows
return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes .
return args as a list of strings
traverse directory trees to find conf . yaml file .
return an iterator over the values of a dictionary .
set the point in the extended line segment .
creates a bootstrap script , which is like this script but with extend _ parser , adjust _ options , and after _ install hooks .
find index ranges where * mask * is * false * .
build the configuration tree .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is windows
automatically measures a series of gun values and measures the luminance with a photometer .
load pyopenssl private key .
convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string .
find the offsets in a byte code which are start of lines in the source .
test label sign flip computation
setup the cfg for the clean up utility .
loads the given t7 file using default settings ; kwargs are forwarded to t7reader .
helper to build a firewall rule for icmp pings .
if include _ names is not none , the parser should read only those columns in include _ names .
return the most recent tag , using an options regular expression pattern .
return data to a mongodb server
return the root of the directory corresponding to the desired environment , or none if the environment was not found .
verify a rsassa - pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 base64 encoded signature .
delete an group .
parse a string or file through salts renderer system
get new derivation .
track keywords from the public streaming api and send output to terminal .
rotates the input bvec file accordingly with a list of parameters sourced from eddy , as explained here _ .
count stock values for supplier and product combination
returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through right branches from this node .
return an object at a given memory address .
user denied page
case flags : restful crud controller
move a file or folder f from prefix to the trash tempdir is a deprecated parameter , and will be ignored .
retrieves the templates source contents .
return an annotated weak ref , supporting bound instance methods .
register a resource in the cornice registry .
formats the time to match the rfc1123 date format as specified by http
turns a list of items into a comma - separated string .
send an email when a new message is posted to a feedback thread , or when the threads status is changed .
set up the generic paste app and filter factories .
process a source pil image through a series of image processors , returning the altered image .
add ec2 instance ( s ) to an elastic load balancer .
like is _ partial _ args for the given signature spec
get the split line before a bracket or semicolon .
remove a snatch from history
return output of " ls - ld " in a string .
set mariadb host for bench
takes a certificate in ascii pem format and returns the
dummy implementation of getaddrinfo for use in mocks
wait for a given time period .
test format string alternative against format .
encode locally created instance for return via rpc .
list the jobs currently scheduled on the minion
return xprotect _ reports information from osquery
add a volume overlay to the current axes .
write a batch of to db
print information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a folder with depth protection
ignore specific request headers .
return formatted _ attachments for volume config
return a generator which yields data in chunks .
returns a catalogue object .
replaces each keyword character with upper case value
returns the list of all files in directory matching the glob pattern .
transform the list of this courses discussion xblocks into a dictionary of metadata keyed by discussion _ id .
bootstrap a fedora container
create new account and enroll students in this course .
report the versions of dependent software .
issue a clean shutdown to the container .
decorator to raise a skip if a config opt doesnt exist or is false
filter an es queryset based on a list of filters .
fixes the id fields in import and exports , and splits field paths on / .
options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
outputs a last - modified header for datetime .
the entry point for the credential helper
enable notifications for a user .
return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string .
return flat variable names for varname of shape .
return a list detected subtitles for the given video file
ensure we have a valid ipv6 address .
custom function to load the model saved from skip - thought vector training and reconstruct another model just using the lut and encoding layer for transfering sentence representations .
create a : class : mockmanager for this test based on config argument .
anonymously retrieve pull request : number on : owner / : repository .
custom representation of currencies
list the files that belong to a package .
returns the first item in a list
softmax categorical crossentropy .
unpack context from msg .
start frappe development processes
logs out the user and displays you are logged out message .
merge two filter lists into one .
translate a shell - like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
decorator to merge multiplication by a scalar on the output .
dump config data .
generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb .
get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
list - running - list running spiders
checks for out of date requirements and optionally updates them .
trim string to fit on terminal
stop a supervisor process
replace tan with sin / cos .
get the jenkins job info for a github status , if any .
gets a string version of the given attributes value , like repr ( ) might .
add an existing node / member to an existing load - balancer configuration .
return the month names used by the locale for the specified format .
return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file .
computes the sample mean of the log _ likelihood under a covariance model computes the empirical expected log - likelihood , allowing for universal comparison
helper to find t1 / t2 magnetometer coil types .
calculates a swedish id number checksum , using the " luhn " - algoritm
lists all secrets files and encrypts each in turn .
read in docstrings from lang - specific docstring dictionary .
required method to auto register this checker
reset the profile for the current machine to default .
verify hmac - sha256 signature and decrypt data with aes - cbc
common function to get a string to append to the end of the state comment
allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute .
parse a feed from a url , file , stream , or string .
simple function to count the number of elements returned by a generator .
this is a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated .
create the named vm
finds limits of terms having sequences at infinity .
highpass butterworth filter in two dimensions .
returns the name of the password file for the specified user .
return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
return n pastel colours .
list the releases in a collection .
assign default values on the provided instance based on the schema default specification .
remove labels from host .
get the group id # and name
stubs out the db api for creating instances .
clean up html
check if the node is anonymous to the user
return the a record ( s ) for host .
item edit page
returns true if dir _ name is actually a python package in the current working directory .
delete a config key
return true if remote ssh server is running windows , false otherwise .
returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables .
retry - ing list entries in a logger .
review a revision of a wiki document .
yield tokens and offsets .
handles zlib compression , if applicable .
return an instance of the fileinput class , which can be iterated .
return a dict with all keys lowercased .
convert matplotlib color code to hex color code
process the sort parameters to include default keys .
process the xml element .
prints information about the lease , such as the entity covered by the lease , and http urls for up / downloading file backings .
print an error message to stderr .
formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
start the subprocess debugger , initialize the debugger gui and rpc link
switch the default backend to newbackend .
update a sm flavor entry .
get a location for data .
return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from * big _ unit _ code * to * small _ unit _ code * .
create binary repr from int from URL
check if a given object is an enum .
takes a single json play entry and converts it to a list of events .
return a datastore bytestring property from a base64 encoded value .
generates random string
blend two colors in hsv space .
setup the statsd component .
find a common data type among the given dtypes .
discard the body of a http response .
redirect to scenario / create
valid code can be either coupon or registration code .
read the last btmp file and return information on the failed logins . .
loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps and returns and iterator of those modules .
given an : py : class : emrjobrunner , run the command specified by cmd _ args * on all nodes in the cluster and save the stdout and stderr of each run to subdirectories of * output _ dir * .
return sample test data for an index
generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude .
check supplied key is sensible host and key are parameters provided by the user ; if the host provided is inconsistent with the key supplied , then this function quits , providing an error to the user .
run the provided command in a subprocess and wait until it completes .
returns a list of the initial insert sql statements for the given app .
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
create a decorator allowing tests to be tagged with the * known _ tags * .
returns true if two solutions and of x ^ 2 - dy ^ 2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise .
helper method to compare salt state info with the pagerduty api json structure , and determine if we need to update .
list all availability zones in the current region
change the gid for a named group
return the native string base64 - decoded .
return true if filename contains text
this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini - batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
get the dns servers for the subnet .
get the default instance type .
returns the first item in a list .
parses from a file .
executes some code in a given global environment .
set default credentials .
set the nsview handler where the media player should render its video output .
returns encodings from given content string .
change virtual terminal title in xterm - workalikes
does necessary setup to intercept put .
adds a grant to the mysql server .
export geojson [ p ] of facility data
apply a patch to a file or directory .
create a new figure manager instance
retrieves the application to feed into tornado .
reload the syslog service so it will pick up any changes .
print the estate manor lane stack stats estate : none
touch a file
finds an executable in the given sitepath or in the path list provided by the path environment variable .
statement : name equals error
lists all repos on / etc / opkg / * . conf
install the passed package , add refresh = true to update the opkg database .
show the gradebook for this ccx .
page through text by feeding it to another program .
return one of over 200 different m - sequences , for base 2 , 3 , or 5 items .
returns the global maximum and minimum
given text in " news " format , attempt to remove a signature block .
accepts a delimited list of stuff or a list , but always returns a list .
replace long name keys by their 4 - char counterparts , and check
returns a random string with a specified number of bytes .
shorten the line taking its length into account .
returns a virtual networks id from the given virtual networks name .
returns the start and end pointer of the array .
return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user .
get profile for one tooth .
send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged .
return a list of names of methods of obj
return the number of commits since the most recent tag .
get the machine portion of an objectid .
return columns based on filters
ensure a sysrc variable is set to a specific value .
retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
helper function that returns a profiles configuration value based on the supplied configuration name .
given a class object c { classobj } , returns a list of method names that match the string c { prefix } .
returns the network device vendor .
return list of files with the given extension in the data _ dir
manage filesystems of partitions .
dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
the main message tester view .
execute a runner on the master and return the data from the runner function
calculate style loss between style _ image and target _ image , in all regions .
compares two program texts by removing all identation and blank lines first .
parse a field descriptor , and returns it as human - readable string representation .
parse device ( s ) id ( s ) from the common params .
download a file from the device .
returns path to an image resized to maxwidth .
check if path has write access
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted in reverse order by the property given in the argument .
create a new arc4 cipher
utility to fetch data using http or https get from a specified url .
parses a mime - type into its component parts .
create a manhole server service .
returns a list of facet copied from a document _ pb . document proto buf .
parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary .
remove a queue names prefix .
get loop lists from path .
transform a graph into a batch - normalized training graph .
get all sm flavors .
given a list of paths , convert them into a nested structure that will match the pages config .
sets up the resource tracker instance with mock fixtures .
display a frame .
marks volume types as deleted .
sets an instance of : class : jinja2 in the app registry .
trigger a restart by setting a flag an shutting down cp
store global marketplace - wide info .
load rows using dbapi fetchall ( ) , dont make any objects .
query the vistara api and get an access _ token
adds parameters to url , parameter will be repeated if already present
a replacement for django . contrib . auth . decorators . permission _ required that doesnt ask authenticated users to log in .
create transcoding presets if not present .
determine if object requires a recursive representation .
return a list of all cache subnet groups with details
encodes a bytestring in base64 for use in urls , stripping any trailing equal signs .
calls the authorization function for the provided action
returns selected languages bidi layout .
returns { world # or name : level . dat information }
regex replace on just words
this function is deprecated .
create an asn1 _ octet _ string from a python byte string .
download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory
save nzb to disk
renders a template in the currently set locale .
print list of available formats .
in a set of files , some ending with . json , some not , return the list of files with the . json ones taking priority over the ones that are not .
load social auth current user data to context .
loads data from the binary mnist files and writes files to a tfrecord .
decorator to protect views by providing oauth2 authentication and read / write scopes out of the box .
ensure a search is present . .
callable that returns true when the previous event was delivered to another handler .
returns an http header value string from a dictionary .
returns the absolute path of a flac converter executable , or raises an oserror if none can be found .
execute sphinx linkcheck target .
return all of the minions grains
load the coil locations from tristan cad drawings .
gets the elapsed time between two events .
parse a semicolon - separated list of strings into a sequence of values
resolves node links .
returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists .
return a list of available endpoints
strips all html entities .
removes a folder from the filesystem
convert an integer into a four byte sequence .
ensure sequenced data .
main section of the script .
estimate rms values of collocation residuals using lobatto quadrature .
retrieve particular users password for a specified credential set from system keyring .
signal a process and all of its children .
confirm this module is on a debian based system
unrelated but handy function to calculate unix timestamp from gmt .
close a file descriptor , ignoring any exceptions
convert a linear - phase fir filter to minimum phase .
converts the pairs generated by tree2semi _ rel into a reldict : a dictionary which stores information about the subject and object nes plus the filler between them .
flatten list or return scalar
helper function to get all files in the given root .
returns the selected language catalog as a javascript library .
turns an rfc822 formatted date into a datetime object .
apply migrations of local facts
get handling instructions if flags are set for a person
helper to set attributes to func and methods .
mask generation function , described in b . 2 . 1
add a record to the logs buffer , and checks for autoflush .
delete an item or items from a queue
dump android clipboard
this will unset a testcase level patch _ policies to use the module level policies setup for the _ test _ servers instead .
return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data
returns the given files contents .
validate and return a time object for option of type time
balance sheet view page
setup the lxc container .
looks to see if mdata - get is present on the system
returns the list of all nodes descended from the given node , where there is only a single path of descent .
call this with a filename to make it the output file .
save the untouched background image
convert an integer to a string .
add subelements to the parent element .
zero - pole - gain representation to state - space representation
step definition that creates one more log records by using a table .
registers fileformat in dictionary .
find all paths including those referenced by egg - links .
load the mpqa dataset
run the demo and print results .
convert integer to a - p string representation .
check coverage after a test run .
retry only errors whose status code is unavailable .
test fixture run once and common to all tests of this module
calculate sigma - clipped statistics from data .
list available services on a node . .
check if a conda environment exists .
called after building the site .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
update affiliations for organisation group memberships
generate and return the following encoder related substitution variables : encoderspecsstr :
returns our whitelisted environment variables .
returns the packed mac address configured on ifname .
return true if a line break is required before the current token .
return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s .
run python script in a separate process package = none - > module is in sys . path
checks if a topic is unread .
a helper function used by isvalidansidate and isvalidansidatetime to check if the date is valid .
run update or patch on all available packages
install an apk onto the device .
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
normalize the case of a pathname .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
return a dataset s relationships .
convert a list of objects to a timedelta index object .
establish telnet connection
configure server to pxe perform a one off pxe boot
compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g .
returns a list of the values in | names | that are not in | mapping | .
calculate partial autocorrelations
diff any two objects .
checks if flow can be started on a particular client .
convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
get the backing file of a disk image
return an html document that renders zero or more bokeh documents or models .
switch between translation and purified / linkified translations .
display list of faulty resources
preprocesses a tensor encoding a batch of images .
checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
check for sdist and ensure we always build bokehjs when packaging
same as _ find _ sr except raises a notfound exception if sr cannot be determined
generates color and verbose message .
get new repository .
create a new container image image to create the container from command command to execute while starting hostname hostname of the container user user to run docker as detach daemon mode , default is true environment environment variable mapping ports port redirections volumes list of volume mappings in either local volume , bound volume , or read - only bound volume form : : binds complete dictionary of bound volume mappings : : { / usr / local / etc / ssl / certs / internal . crt : { bind : / etc / ssl / certs / com . example . internal . crt , ro : true / var / lib / mysql : { bind : / var / lib / mysql / , ro : false
make links using the given traceback
create matrix for normalized cut .
delete the specified dns domain .
take a number and modulus and return an obsucfated form .
tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed .
restful crud controller
new location form
simplify a regular expression
returns a form field for a db . bytestringproperty .
slack object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
lookup the root organisation of a branch organisation
returns log line for given issue .
checks that the keys given in data is in allowed _ fields
converts utm coords to lat / long .
rename to ini
there is no lock to release since acquiring is a no - op when there is no threading .
wrapper to the docker . py login method url registry url to authenticate to username username to authenticate password password to authenticate email email to authenticate
finds the current shell type based on the outputs of common pre - defined variables in them .
method compare two mount targets by specified attributes
function replacement for if - else to use in expressions .
utility function to return the scope immediately enclosing a given scope .
compute a point in a search space from a hyperparameter assignment .
download a file
a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor .
return a pretty multiline string representating the cause of the exception
single file view page
runs [ cherrypy ] [ cp ] wsgi server hosting wsgi app func .
return true if path is a physical device .
get datapath object by dpid .
swap two edges in the graph while keeping the node degrees fixed .
given a list of format specifiers , returns the final access path .
download most recent pricing information from gce and save locally
handler for qute : plainlog .
used by pootleenv
a generator that will perform the exploitation of all the vulnerabilities .
get a brocade specific port .
checks if the login is fresh for the current user , otherwise the user has to reauthenticate .
starts new context using provided configuration .
get all available regions for the aws redshift service .
visualize a continuous two - way interaction with a contour plot .
create a heading of [ 1 , 2 or 3 supported ] .
return the name of the enumerated member .
creata a new private link object and add it to the node and its selected children
generates public and private keys , and returns them as .
seasonal decomposition using moving averages
ascii text output for console
get a qwebengineview if qtwebengine is available .
returns true if the value contains only gsm chars , but also contains at least one problematic gsm char , such as a greek capital letter .
return the current branch
given a i { dispatch } name and a function , return a function which can be used as a method and which , when called , will call another method defined on the instance and return the result .
set options for printing .
removes an interface from a bridge
create a new node if it does not already exist .
returns the expected value of a random expression
find all the modules below a package .
returns a padded sequence of items before ngram extraction .
helper function for nthroot
serialize * element * to human - readable xml suitable for tests .
ensure that everything loads correctly .
returns class named " name " if it exists , fallback _ cls otherwise .
returns a json object of data used to create the learning rate graph
update a grid from plotly .
given a function f , its first derivative fp , and a set of initial guesses x0 , simultaneously find the roots of the polynomial using the
with an exception instance , iterate over its super classes and find the first super exception that is pickleable .
prints a deprecation message .
register an existing directory to be cleaned up at process exit .
change the brightness of a single image , randomly or non - randomly .
checks that username & password is valid .
plot the filters for net after the layer number layer .
get the python filenames of the directory which the fileindirectory is in , except for the _ _ init _ _ . py file .
return a copy of the graph g with the nodes relabeled using consecutive integers .
show the vcenter server version with build number .
returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles .
trigger an event with * name * .
only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf .
unset the script prefix for the current thread .
escalate the app if it uses prerelease permissions .
adds a variable to the model _ variables collection .
wsgi middleware application that applies a chain of response rewriters .
initialize the macrorecorder .
check that ruby is installed
return the line number where the template error was found
load the data , then cache and memmap the train / test split
create an index template
generator that yields audio waveforms from the directory .
api to prevent recording of the current request .
linkifies html tag converted to a tag link dataset converted to a dataset link group converted to a group link http : / / converted to a link
register all bundled mimetype handlers .
generates a random des key and iv , builds an des cipher , encrypts passed s and returns ( encrypted , )
get a platform - agnostic 2 - tuple of the absolute paths of the top - level external data directories for both tcl and tk , respectively .
median absolute error regression loss
change the default group of the user
return a tuple containing a function which converts a list into a numpy array and the type produced by the converter function .
creates a pipeline that does the same connectivity processing as in the
helpful message to display if the client _ secrets file is missing .
repr ( ) a dictionary with the keys in order .
only load this module if the psql bin exist .
main example script .
convert the xml element to a path xml element , add paths and process .
this simply checks if the var has an unification in u and uses it instead of the var .
return the url of the current payment processors endpoint .
restful crud controller
queries the contents of a range identified by - - hash _ key .
check for differences in the updatable values .
validator for node # category .
get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built - in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
filters a dictionary of dictionaries by a key - value pair .
test basic marker / point - sprite support
split role content into title and target , if given .
setup the scsgate component .
register the python com server component category .
generate statistics for layer attribute
detect whether the installed version of openpyxl is supported
load texture from a quake2 wal texture file .
track a successful certificate generation event .
import settings modules in settings .
return value of a numeric literal string .
check that an app has no validation errors , and exit with errors if it does .
destroy the container .
ensure that the length of string field do not exceed the limit .
returns an l { twisted . cred . checkers . icredentialschecker } based on the contents of a descriptive string .
returns the list of assets for the specified page and page size .
drops language for db
get all available regions for the cloudformation service .
strip the useless whitespaces from a stream leaving only the minimal ones
product of the hessian matrix of the rosenbrock function with a vector .
set the element attribute dictionary and element matrix to the matrix times the tetragrid .
attach price tier to existing usd contributions for marketplace .
handle the returned row e . g . unpickle if needed .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with all fields
get craft plugin filenames .
return a path to a blocklist file .
enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : / etc / rc . conf
instructs chocolatey to update packages on the system .
random weights drawn from a gaussian
print out a node , in json format .
take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an
rebuild a function from its _ reduce _ function ( ) results .
show a small warning with an ok button .
only work on mac os and windows
runs a function with time limit
return a list of the names of the sites groups .
hot - wired method of triggering a server error to test reporting
returns all maximal cliques in an undirected graph .
register all known non - plugin hooks .
return the value from the default autotest database config section
signs the data string for a secure authsub request .
returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
ask a yes / no question via raw _ input ( ) and return their answer .
return a socket object for the addr
write file with given filename and encoding
get list of all ros stacks .
write a table object to an hdf5 file
set and retrieve the request . body parameter .
resets a cycle tag .
run the wx event loop , polling for stdin .
given a list of inputs to the subtensor and its idx _ list reorders the inputs according to the idx list to get the right values .
dummy implementation of _ thread . allocate _ lock ( ) .
add asterisk to field label if a field is required
converts relative urls referencing static assets to absolute urls
checks for fields after description header , adds to warnings header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data warnings : list of warnings
returns true if given stream is valid yaml .
sums the edges of input networks and divides by the number of networks
extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index
converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits .
returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like { " read " : 1 , " write " : 1 }
generate js minifier based on jsmin . c by douglas crockford _ . .
list packages matching a search string .
set all classes in a module derived from c { baseclass } as copiers for a corresponding remote class .
returns a dictionary with pairs for each element in the given array / list
set whether the idle activation is enabled
returns the keyname for this deployment .
return a list of the frequency of each degree value .
return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment
sort root types as asset , liability , equity , income , expense
wrap the original cpu ufunc with a parallel dispatcher .
mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
helper for accessing stores in a configuration setting for the mixed modulestore .
deletes a nameserver returns true if the nameserver was updated successfully sld string sld of the domainname tld string tld of the domainname nameserver string nameserver to create old _ ip string existing ip address new _ ip string new ip address
returns the gradients of variables with regard to loss .
stop service name the services name
create the filter accept rule for metadata .
squared hue difference term occurring in deltae _ cmc and deltae _ ciede94
get the html source of the template
directly call a function inside a loader directory
gets an appropriate one from : mod : numpy or : mod : cupy .
split space - separated key = value arguments .
list the queues in the selected region .
parse code feeds
find the n smallest elements in a dataset .
downloads a zip file , unzips it , and saves the result in a given dir .
returns the ith order statistic in array a in linear time .
authorizes a budget with authorize . net .
queue an email to be sent using send _ mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true .
helper for the : meth : ~ elasticsearch . elasticsearch . bulk api that provides a more human friendly interface - it consumes an iterator of actions and sends them to elasticsearch in chunks .
copy files to a remote host using the selected client .
main method for cleaning up empty linux bridges .
delete the pickle file created for the tests
return the sentiment label based on the sentiment quantity .
this processes the " legacy " applecrashreport .
sync proxy modules from salt : / / _ proxy to the master saltenv : base
process json playlist data .
run the test suite
set the custom icon for the specified file or directory .
detects logos in the file .
loads cifar100 dataset .
home a gcode linear move text .
gracefully shutdown the specified zone .
makes an arrow plot .
parse an openssh ed25519 public key from a string into a raw public key .
embosses an image .
return a dictionary of subplot parameters so that spacing between subplots are adjusted .
write an inverse operator to a fif file .
return a list of option pairs from field names & bodies .
used to filter unrelated output around module json output , like messages from tcagetattr , or where dropbear spews motd on every single command .
wraps the app in error docs using paste recursivemiddleware and
parse svg text and store the layers .
checks if a nat gateway exists .
patched version of urllib . quote that encodes utf - 8 strings before quoting
create a argreduction callable .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
helper function turning a target 1d vector into a column if needed .
return ldapobject instance by opening ldap connection to
print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath .
returns the full arn for a given topic name .
adds two or more dicts together .
verify the application can write to the specified bucket .
test for issue 257 , non - field based columns
return an event object suitable for the named transport
scan the string s for a json string .
cumulatively integrate y ( x ) using the composite trapezoidal rule .
determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
makes script _ path executable
get a record from infoblox record _ name name of the record to search for record _ type type of reacord to search for infoblox _ server the infoblox server hostname infoblox _ user the infoblox user to connect with infoblox _ password the infoblox users password dns _ view the infoblox dns view to search , if not specified all views are searched infoblox _ api _ version the infoblox api version to use sslverify should ssl verification be done on the connection to the infoblox rest api
group a chunk structure into a list of semi - relations of the form ( list , tree ) .
returns the checks the local agent is managing
get the date from the headers .
like nvlist but applied one more time to each returned value .
get the file name of the version date .
get legendre polynomials expanded about x .
generate a list of pairs for testing for scorers that use the full string only
yield successive n - sized chunks from list , l .
parse a query given as a string argument .
monkeypatches support for us into parts of django .
load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
scotts rule of thumb
test reading of source space meshes
load thrift _ file by fullname , fullname should have _ thrift as suffix .
create a new user and its home directory .
return strings values as python unicode string URL
modify the block inplace to call to the lifted - loop .
print network device inventory information
sent the message successfully , leave the group .
fix up broken reverse dependencies lib
method creates iterator from boto result set
lower case and remove any periods to normalize for comparison .
essentially floyd - warshall algorithm
get the repository constructor .
delete function which deletes all processed entities .
returns the ic value for the given synset .
returns true if the given font is a postscript compact font format
get user name
return zero if value is negative
insert an entry into the list of warnings filters .
guess the name of the repository used in gitosis . conf from the name of the git directory name : / path / to / foo . git = > foo
remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
return a driver function that can advance a simple count .
save any changed session data .
turn a plain - text password into a hash for database storage
retrieve a matcher function by passing an arbitrary object .
take any css color definition and give back a tuple containing the r , g , b , a values along with a type which can be : # rgb , # rgba , # rrggbb , # rrggbbaa , rgb , rgba
patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore .
return the default settings as an iterator of tuples
cast unicode or bytes to bytes
get vector3 by dictionary , list or value .
add tags to a domain
returns a count of todays events in calendar
test indexing of raw times .
given a binary operator oper and two callables f and g which accept the same arguments , returns a * new * function that takes the same arguments as f and g , but passes the outputs of f and g in the given oper .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
resize using imagemagicks convert tool .
builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node depending on the name of its node .
log errors by appending to a . txt file .
attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . mpkg file
returns current column within a string , counting newlines as line separators .
calls the given command , with the given options and args / kwargs .
setup a definitions from yaml config file .
activate specified profile
a generator that returns the lines of a file in reverse order
turns on the quota system
check whether the item matches the time - range filter _ .
create a sslcontext object for python stdlib modules
shows the user activity page for another user .
returns whether the categories in x are known .
get new repository .
get additional version information from the windows registry and return a tuple referring to version number , csd level , and os type .
internal method which selects the function object
checks if were running on gentoo .
send a message to an xmpp user . .
get the inset vertex .
converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple
return server version from catalina . sh version
as each page is built , collect page names for the sitemap
boot a linode .
get jwt id - token , in case you need new one .
most modules must have either name or id specified .
date before a certificate should be renewed
convert the text form of a ttl to an integer .
returns lazy logger .
install package ( s ) from a repository name
get status of a finalized file given its full path filename .
returns the alphabetic name of current registered operator
wrapper for interpolate _ tuple that accepts colors as html
reassemble a full partial fraction decomposition from a structured result obtained by the function apart _ list .
return rows that match metadata key .
fixture to setup the backend before running a test .
returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
send notification of review to the contributors of revisions .
checks if obj is an instance of module . class _ name if loaded
copy a file and its metadata
dfs over a graph .
print metric to stdout in tcollector format .
calculates the four kurtosis measures in kim & white
test whether a path is a symbolic link .
same as a & b .
convert a paypal time string to a datetime .
helper to check coordinate frames .
return the given string of header names sorted .
return list of directives together with expected arguments and places where the directive is valid
returns the linode datacenter id .
given a linear programming simplex tableau , determine the column of the variable to enter the basis .
decorator for dispatch by opcode .
for getting raw user input in python 2 and 3 .
perform misc cleaning operations on documents .
reverse the dictionary - - may lose data if values are not unique !
returns the mapped document calling the given mapper method .
return the nested list of christoffel symbols for the given metric .
get and normalize drf and flask request headers
when link in activation e - mail is clicked
converts " true " to the boolean true .
returns an instance of the metric class as defined in stream _ framework settings .
return a header quoted - printable encoding length .
get list of packages that need to be tested on travis ci .
checks whether owner group has given permission .
returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
create a splunk user by email
enumerates all the domain groups
return lowercased string .
create a link to a github resource .
compute optimal segmentation of data with scargles bayesian blocks
return the base url of the given response , joined with the response url
decorator that checks the fixture with orders c and f .
pootle init - - help
creates a longer list of accepted users on the device .
return without doing anything .
returns a random string of length l
updates context dictionary with user related info .
test ica on raw and epochs .
get the broadcast address associated with a cidr address .
only works on windows systems with pywin32
return smbios _ tables information from osquery
creates a shared variable array filled with zeros .
executes a sequence of tuples concurrently .
learn a k - nn model
installs a new plugin .
sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime
auto - level image using local histogram .
normalizes and type checks the given argument .
helper objective function .
will run the func up to maxreps times , but wont start a new run if maxtime has already elapsed .
return picture object from the given image path .
handle command line args and redirections
ensures the point passed in is a geos point & returns that points data is in the wgs - 84 spatial reference .
if the requesting user does not have api access , bounce them to the request form .
call to enable special settings : enable support for parsing special ms only filter values
create a configuration object for use in configuring transactions .
fast lomb - scargle periodogram
checks whether the given file contains a line with the following text , ignoring whitespace : force _ backward : true
check for use of greenthread . spawn ( ) , greenthread . spawn _ n ( ) , eventlet . spawn ( ) , and eventlet . spawn _ n ( )
taks a travis a build number , retrieves the build log and extracts the gist url
forces header keys and values to be strings , i . e not unicode .
generates a list of colors based on a list of names .
used in config functions for config file , to construct a appended items dict , and then make syntax more pretty
calculates the display name for a block .
create node name from name / hostname pair .
makes a pseudocolor plot .
sample from truncated 1 - d gaussian mixture model
check a password value
adds / removes the current user in the _ _ liked _ by property of the given document .
computes the raw anomaly score .
returns the iterable nodes in the given graph and their join dependencies .
returns an array containing only whitelisted keys
yield all direct child nodes of * node * , that is , all fields that are nodes and all items of fields that are lists of nodes .
assign a metaclass in a 2 / 3 compatible fashion .
given a command , mode , and a path string , return the path which conforms to the given mode on the path , or none if there is no such file .
given a key , key _ prefix , and version , return a key that is safe to use with memcache .
return the inverse discrete cosine transform of an arbitrary type sequence .
parse the resolver configuration file . .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
return true if before is older than seconds .
if all lights turn off , turn off .
return cassandra ring info
attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
compute a spectrogram of data in * x * .
internet gateway attach
ward clustering based on a feature matrix .
check if obj is string .
return converted options to match sqlalchemy create _ engine options and their types .
constructs and returns the scheduler entrypoint flow .
a view which expects raw xml to be posted and returns content extracted from the xml
return a gce libcloud network object with matching name
wraps a constant .
this is a wrapper to make the plugin built - in to the cli as opposed to specifiying it in the configuration file .
get custom module for given document
make sure the value is of type str in both py2 and py3 .
make the directory structure of all files below a starting dir .
dispatches the selected mode based on command line args .
request configuration steps from the user .
generate the rst file for a given example .
make total errors / warnings report
normalize time in arbitrary timezone to utc naive object
performs central crops of the given image list .
parse docstring from text and return an info dict .
return the contents of * filename * .
sends a patch request .
changes an xml data stream on the fly to specify a new encoding data is a raw sequence of bytes that is presumed to be in % encoding already encoding is a string recognized by encodings . aliases
build the list of all permissions that can grant access to the given object uri and permission .
constructs and returns a json object from the given feed object
if the callback is none or is not callable , return a lambda that returns the value passed .
zoom in and out of a single image , randomly or non - randomly .
performs a search within a users uploads for an optional search term with the user identified by its id
extract the json payload from a jwt .
test search exit status code for no matches
return docker command as an argv list .
ensure ec2 volume ( s ) matching the given filters have the defined tags .
get the function signature snippets by the file name .
convert the method type ( s ) to an integer .
performs a pickle loads on the given string , substituting the given
clears one or all last record ids stored in a session
given input data , splits it into a sequence of texts , shortcode starts and shortcode ends .
find the indexes for pairing grad channels .
get the manifest file .
computes the sum of squared elements in v
return the cost when the neural network has weights w .
issue insert and / or update statements for a list of objects .
check that the value is a tuple of values .
read a signed 64 - bit integer
coupling with masked convolution .
compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d - 3d correspondences ( in homog .
try to rewrite the product f ( s ) as a product of gamma functions , so that the inverse mellin transform of f can be expressed as a meijer
xor two strings
run all required startup routines and initialization hooks .
strip leading and trailing whitespace .
return a dict mapping all job ids to job information
restful crud controller
analogous to str . ljust , but works for lists
whether we should hit gcs dev appserver stub .
formats a header , which is prepended to all appended config .
parse a css * group of selectors * .
remove script maps from the already installed virtual directory
copies fields contents to a document _ pb . field protocol buffer .
configure logging using a dictionary .
compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank - 1 array .
determines the leaf submodule name of a full module name .
person rest controller - limited to just check _ duplicates for use in s3addpersonwidget2 - allows differential access permissions
plot average over epochs in ica space .
send a message to splunk via the http event collector
display fault management logs after : string filter events after time , see man fmdump for format before : string filter events before time , see man fmdump for format
returns the scatterplot fig of most of a violin plot .
gets the maximum size of the data layer that can influence a unit on layer .
generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
get the value of gentoo _ mirrors variable in the make . conf
get backend class by url .
run a callback in a transaction .
try to apply thunk ( ) on different output storages .
find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives
notifies the given recipients about the status change .
allows the addition and removal of query string parameters .
set the user module if the kernel is sunos
variable : id | id lparen expr rparen | id lparen expr comma expr rparen
contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer .
load only if kubernetes module is available .
return first folder level that exists in this path
suspend a server .
test if data segment e is good according to reject and flat .
return true if n contains files starting with a . , false otherwise .
adds a takeoff command and four waypoint commands to the current mission .
form for hosting request .
return a scalar stored in a numpy ndarray .
get original set of words used for analysis .
install an auth handler for urllib2
get the widened loop .
return the environment variables that xcode would set .
desktop _ lockdown : sets values in the org . gnome . desktop . lockdown schema
template settings for drm portal URL
get the list of top contributors with the contribution count .
parse an xml string using minidom safely .
validate an ipv6 address
queries the contents of a range identified by - - hash _ key .
ensure valid scale value is passed .
get the default session , creating one if needed .
check if the specified service is not enabled .
test if csp works in a pipeline
converts a dictionary of parameters to a list of parameters .
import a repo from a fast - export file in a temporary directory .
returns the n - cut cost of a bi - partition of a graph .
checks for empty fields before description header , adds to warnings header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data warnings : list of warnings
generate an sha512 hash of a given string . .
insert item x in list a , and keep it sorted assuming a is sorted .
return a cut - and - pastable string that , when printed , is equivalent to the input .
tensor operation : generalized inner and outer products
verify that ruby is installed , install if unavailable
combine two lists , removing duplicates .
build all the move descriptions
returns a correctly rounded integer
compute the kaiser parameter beta , given the attenuation a .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
stop workers no longer needed .
filter a query by name , return the resulting query query : the query to filter table : the table of named objects name : the name to look for .
returns a list of dbparametergroup descriptions .
updates remote package repo url , packagesite var to be exact .
return a signature scheme object pkcs115 _ sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 signature or verification .
decorator to simplify catching drivers raising notimplementederror
safely iterates line - based over an input stream .
verify a challenging hmac signature against a string / shared - secret . .
generates the list column headers .
creates the start command to run the python application server .
display the folders in this imap account and let the user choose one .
convert value to a string based on json schema type .
unquote slashes quoted by quote _ slashes
return true if after is newer than seconds .
truncate a file .
turn a 1 - hot encoding or a probability distribution over the possible characters back into its character representation .
create a new permission grant and add it to the provided role .
print some stats about a net and its activations
returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
implements the interface id generation algorithm described in rfc 3041 .
given a list of allocated devices , return an available device name .
recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
get swapcache used .
shuffle a sequence .
this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
makes a new swob . request based on the current env but with the parameters specified .
ensure fn is usable as a spir kernel .
collapses sequences of whitespace characters in text to a single space
find the closest xterm - 256 approximation to the given rgb value .
there are 2 complementary features that enable a tool shed user to receive email notification : 1 .
get whether or not a users profile is viewable by a given user .
hex to rgb
returns a textfield , applying the db . stringproperty length limit of 500 bytes .
helper to ensure users have opengl for 3d texture support
turn on debugging mode , which will log flask errors to a debug file .
get a namespace object
this method will return the hostname that was used in the current django request
confidence interval based on normal distribution z - test
given the matplotlib figure , generate the png data for it .
a view that is requested with accesses request . read ( ) .
get the importcoarseness .
round decimal value to nearest quant .
compare two parameters and return if they are equal .
update an taskinfo object
check if the site directory contains stale files from a previous build .
installs the packages , possibly forcing installs .
returns the label vector associated with blank images .
breaks any long words found in the body of the text .
load by import a class by a string path like : module . models . mymodel .
return the argument name list of a callable
decorator for deprecated functions .
a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the mean from each data point .
return true if the service is a system v service ; otherwise return false .
returns a ctypes object allocated from shared memory
construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk : : layout , this is somewhat the reverse of _ format _ layoutlist .
remove the boot volume from the server
new liability form
neutralizes reflective values in a given content based on a payload
create database migrations
returns a human - readable name for the resource .
select best matching song based on title , length .
const : const field _ type identifier = const _ value | const field _ type identifier = const _ value sep
find the best result out of a list of search results for a show
change the bytecode to use the given library address .
find a single shortest path from the given start node to the given end node .
compute a continuous , tie - breaking ovr decision function .
gets an invalid number for the specified region .
autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits .
visits all the nodes connected to the given root node , breadth - first .
generates a set of paths for modules searching .
capture a screenshot outputting it to a defined directory .
shorthand to override default units with " data " , for e . g . ray . length .
step definitions takes step object as first argument
delete an item or items from a queue
insert a pdb statement into the current line to debug code .
generates a constrained aes key which is later brute forced in a loop
opens a text file , be it gzip or plain
decode a quoted - printable string .
returns true if embargo was initiated more than 48 hours prior .
returns the python type given a type name .
wraps the sending of messages .
test listing a backup - list latest on an empty prefix .
convert a python timedelta object to a duration protobuf .
attempts to add a message to the request using the messages app .
check for assertraises ( exception .
returns a generator of items in all collections with the given attributes .
commit to a particular api , and trigger importerrors on subsequent dangerous imports
checks whether user can delete comment on given project .
format bups version tag .
gets the class of the model related to the given attribute via the given name .
decorator to indicate that this is a cron method and applies request . headers check
find watershed basins in image flooded from given markers .
the equations of this type are . .
pretty - format a memcache . get ( ) response .
return the first configured instance .
stack model info in a column
construct new rational function field returning ( field , ) .
adds a query parameter to a url .
estimate n - d similarity transformation with or without scaling .
fit model subject to linear equality constraints
a helper for defining lists of integer options .
get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid .
uses findtexmf to find the values of a given tex path variable , such as
get the path to a temp file previously written by the temp runner .
test that the completion widget is shown at appropriate times .
return a copy of _ sequence _ with equal items removed .
creates a hashable object for given token then we could use it as a dictionary key .
utility function allowing services to process the command line .
run tcpdump or tshark on a list of packets pktlist : a packet instance , a packetlist instance or a list of packet instances .
write dask data to a set of files
creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment
returns a random string / key of " b " characters in length , defaults to 32
return det ( m ) assuming that either there are lots of zeros or the size of the matrix is small .
create an imageproperty object
render an opensearch plugin .
convert a metric protobuf to the native object .
attempt to discover a set of trusted certificate authority certificates whose trust is managed and updated by tools outside of twisted .
this algorithm generates oriented forests .
stubbed out enrollment data request .
plot one or more timeseries with flexible representation of uncertainty .
works like split ( ) on strings , except it does this on a sequence and the corresponding list with quality values .
parses a single html element ; it is an error if there is more than one element , or if anything but whitespace precedes or follows the element .
wrapper for : class : poollayer .
get the pr _ group . id required for cap _ alert . addresses field
returns the creation sequence in a compact form that is the number of is and ds alternating .
process the xml element .
return the default channel if argument is a connection instance , otherwise just return the channel given .
initialize the south logger
convert a posix path to the current systems format and prepend the tmp directory the hosts files are in
add faces from grid .
read a file path relative to this file .
destroy the named container .
transforms a pil / pillow image into a numpy rgb ( a ) image .
create a new hashing object and return it .
down - sample image by applying function to local blocks .
converts a dictionary to an sql where clause sqlquery .
provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line .
get gcode lines with distance variable added , this is for if ever there is distance code .
filter ridge lines according to prescribed criteria .
returns a dict keyed by consensus , valued by otu counts otu counts are summed together if they have the same consensus if the consensus string doesnt reach to level , missing _ name is appended on until the taxonomy string is of length level
convert user input date string into an instance of datetime . datetime in
return a namedtuple of variable fields depending on the
see if the passed in type is a primitive type
creates a vfs folder .
simulates a put request to a wsgi application .
get the grains from the proxied device
tries to import object from default namespace .
create a qgridlayout with the specified sizes and items
chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples
swap x and y data and references
compute a2akn equation 6 of scholz & stephens .
the readline in pypy turns off output postprocessing , which disables normal nl - > crlf translation .
use to decorate cachechain operations so timings will be recorded .
print the formatted results for each dns record type .
student view : data generated on the back - end .
remove forwarding for floating ip .
wrap a function with a warnings . warn and augmented docstring .
return image inside a qicon object .
solves a differential equation with linear coefficients .
get the requests options from salt .
get the endpoints from the segment table .
returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
returns a dict containing all values in an x509 subject
returns the trace _ component compatible dict representation of a triggerinstance .
generate report dictionary
creates a relationship allowing the objects activities to appear in the users stream .
convert all / etc / portage / package . * configuration files to directories .
return the details of iface or an error if it does not exist
attempt to simplify expression by using transformation rules given in the algorithm by fu et al .
converts a base 36 string to an int .
gets the default intent name for the given profile .
check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected
returns the test results for every combination of optional parameters , using k - fold cross - validation for the given classifier .
returns the common cookie settings .
parse the dwarf file .
automatically vouch username .
either serves local help files or redirects to the remote ones .
wrapper around djangos version , while supplying our configured encoding .
get / create the default application object
load a sparse matrix from a file using . npz format .
version number comparison between ver1 and ver2 strings .
calculates the four skewness measures in kim & white
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
returns true if the number is prime , and false otherwise .
extracts a tuple of values from the record by composite _ key
click an element and then wait for another element to appear .
get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . exe .
this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations .
converts a partition name to its associated device
calculate the magnetic field or electric potential forward solution .
refresh the repository state - > qaction
return a checksum digest for a string instr
inits the superset application
vouch all users with a mozilla * email address as alternate .
using the 5 % significance levels
a getattr method to cause a class to be refreshed .
removes a nexusport binding
given the path to a template file , write a new file with :
checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store date and time formats .
build extra navigation items used in admin / base . html for values defined in the config option ckan . admin _ tabs .
serialize data to file .
returns a session object tied to the reply _ channel unicode string passed in as an argument .
perform a morphological transform on an image , directed by its neighbors
decorator that checks if the user can edit the given exploration .
this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list
add cronjob for bench auto update
some of the curator methods should not operate against multiple indices at once .
returns iterable object either for local file or uri
returns a table of details of a particular template
set the system date and time .
return real and imaginary responses to gabor filter .
convert two pairs into a cell range string in a1 : b2 notation .
merge action into an existing list of actions .
returns a queryparser configured to support only + , - , and phrase syntax .
get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary .
a integer is prime or not
writes a file to disk
convert id to svd .
generate pseudorandom nonce that is unlikely to repeat .
gets a users preferred time zone , will show yours if no user specified
return the currently active script prefix .
a version of os . walk ( ) with a couple differences regarding symlinks .
runs source and return resulting code .
convert the libcloud load - balancer object into something more serializable .
rotate an image randomly or non - randomly .
get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
renames our current process from " python " to a custom name .
loads the experiment description file from the path .
setup a lg webos tv based on host parameter .
create a heterogenous tuple constant .
attempt to determine the blocksize of a sparse matrix
returns the job instance that is currently being executed .
get the shortest possible module name
check that the document is valid .
return list of dictionaries of subdirectories and / or files in the location
clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids .
find and replace fields in a note .
builds the 17x17 resnet block .
return the list of functools - wrappable attributes on a callable .
remove the attributes starting with the prefix from the dictionary .
reads the last record id for a resource from a session
indent a multiline string by some number of spaces
uses a simplified version of the perl detection algorithm , based roughly on eli benderskys translation to python : URL
set up logging .
read settings from a text .
this purges all effects running on the caller .
perform a series of pre - specified transitions , to put the parser in a desired state .
create extra fill loops for nested rings .
check if the names passed are accessed undeclared .
generator that reads an encoded stream and reencodes to utf - 8 .
returns a file descriptor for the filename if that file exists , otherwise none .
runs a function inside a datastore transaction .
a helper function for the decoding functions
draw a number of samples using the given step method .
returns sanitized str name : no more than 10 characters , with spaces replaced with _
verify the signature of the contents iaw cms syntax .
tries to get secred token from openshift environment
create a bunch with information about a particular organism
check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue .
create a x509 certificate from binary der , plain text pem or filename
this is algorithm implements the ask - tell model proposed in [ colette2010 ] _ , where ask is called generate and tell is called update .
change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text .
pass in a language get back a locale object courtesy of
return all nose options that dont conflict with django options .
fit a data using a fixed position .
list all the keys under a named status .
determines if expiration is about to occur .
create a skeleton addon
strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria .
gets a virtual interface from the table filtering on address .
returns the returner modules
raise an error if were removing the last superuser
returns how many students opened a sequential / subsection for each section , data already in format for d3 function .
returns true if received sql string contains at most one statement
return a spider class that handles the given request .
generate the parameters for the patches : full = > full kernel name base = > all but the matches suffix minor = > o . n . m major = > o . n minor - prev = > o . n . m - 1
returns true if * token * is a valid xml token , as defined by xml
get the evaluated value .
determine whether the given call raises the given exception
parses a str header into a pair .
get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . exe .
returns the root folder of a vcenter .
extracts and decode payload from source
format function call arguments in a human - readable way for logging .
setup the ios sensor .
update constant classes , so the keys of const _ cls can be reused
list the colours you can use in self . getcolour in a comma separated list
remove multi - images for a given model .
stop the service , and then start it again
shared code for use by all classes : write a representation to file - like object " out "
unpublish a service .
get a quota from the database by id .
remove the rendered project directory created by the test .
update spanning tree force _ dpid specifies a switch we want to update even if we are supposed to be holding down changes .
apply a system rollback
calculate the relative change between a value and a reference point .
return the pinv of an array x as well as the singular values used in computation .
checks if the given directory is a worker or a master and returns the appropriate run function .
get or set the * y * - limits of the current axes .
test whether a path is a file , including image files .
based on : URL
run a command on a vm
default morphological tagging rules for english , based on word suffixes .
returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once .
heuristic polynomial gcd in q [ x ] .
routine for validation and conversion of csgraph inputs
check if trie contain the key word
delete the given metadata item .
returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a cuda gpu .
return the interactive status
move the split point up its ancestor chain if it has no content before it .
returns xlsx representation of databook .
return user information
in case of microsoft sql server password hash value is expanded to its components
accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type - - > fixer list .
starts producer threads for any objects which are ready to be processed
does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role usage : *
check that make _ pairs template arguments are deduced .
get new repository .
assert that choice names given in * choices * are the only ones submitted .
assert that subcls is a subclass of cls .
generate a thumbnail , given a model instance with from and to fields .
parses the lang _ string , which is the body of an http accept - language header , and returns a list of , ordered by q values .
verify that ruby is installed , install if unavailable
get short form of commit hash given directory pkg _ path
yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes .
return a dictionary suitable for use in package _ data in a distutils setup . py file .
applies a transform to a given image .
run the varnish test suite .
generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
get segment loop .
look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type .
remove template wikimedia markup .
with an pdf buffer object , get the pages , parse each one , and return the entire pdf text
return true if we dont know what this name references
return the matching minion pools from the aggregated and sorted results of a salt command . .
run ipdb as step for easy debugging
stack columns of m to construct a single vector .
create a switchport object - trunk port
print a list of available joysticks
logs and raises an error that no satisfiable chall path exists .
allow the user to choose their plugin .
write chart files in app / setup / doctype / company / charts
create an average brain subject for subjects without structural mri .
returns true if idle is using an os x x11 tk .
team controller - uses the group table from pr
converts an integer to a base36 string
detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind : tag relative to e
calculate the g statistic aka log - likelihood ratio test .
generate lines of gexf format representation of g .
remove a 1 - dimension from the tensor at index " axis " .
interpolate a curve at new points using a spline fit
create a new user confirmation .
plot topographic maps of specific time - frequency intervals of tfr data .
generates the html interactive image map
given the javascript code and the content of a variable this method tries to obtain the real value of the variable , cleaning expressions like " a = eval ; a ; "
get the default config data .
setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln : skbio . alignment object entropy _ threshold : float value that designates the percentage of entropic positions to be removed , i . e . , 0 . 10 means the 10 % most entropic positions are removed .
extracts the authsub token from the url .
all arguments except for server _ hostname , ssl _ context , and ca _ cert _ dir have the same meaning as they do when using : func : ssl . wrap _ socket .
map effects to indices .
force reinstallation of a package even if it is already at its newest version if - - force - reinstall is supplied .
build the text of the file and write the file .
delete an acl token .
converts data to a numpy array of dtype theano . config . floatx .
display a list of all users .
returns a regextokenizer that splits tokens by whitespace .
form page that handles refund requests for marketplace .
start the cli server and wait connection from a running debugger backend
returns the path to the caffe executable at dirname
map non - ascii whitespace to spaces .
random orthogonal weights
process an api error , updating the data structure
dynamically construct json schema for the provided action from the parameters metadata .
read unsigned 64bit integer from bti file .
repeatedly call predicate , until it returns something truthy .
command : for id equals expr to error optstep
updates the modified timestamp of a file or directory .
helper function to get data over http or from a local file
converts a datetime to a naive datetime as follows : if inbound dt is already naive , it just returns it if inbound is timezone aware , converts it to utc , then strips the tzinfo
solve the sparse linear system ax = b , where b may be a vector or a matrix .
delete a post .
print error messages , the parser stack , and the input text - - for human - readable error messages .
check if a block volume is attached .
returns a replacement for start _ new _ thread that inherits environment .
test extract _ array utility function .
computes the binary accuracy between predictions and targets .
given a string , parses out whether it is meant to be true or not
parse a content - type header .
repack templates into installers .
copy a file from the host into a container name
encode a numpy array using base64 :
performs the bifid cipher decryption on ciphertext msg , and returns the plaintext .
get all consistencygroups .
plot correlation of many variables in a tight color grid .
build the exploit cookie + post data payload .
display the details of the specified hypervisor .
wait to see drop database output .
convert a time to a datetime for datastore storage .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
returns the current utc time as an imf - fixdate .
start the subprocess debugger , initialize the debugger gui and rpc link
returns an iterator over all children and nested children using objs get _ children ( ) method if skipcontainers is true , only childless objects are returned .
to use the profiler start web2py with - f profiler . log
it would create a milestone , then it would set newly created milestones as requirement for course referred by course _ key and it would set newly created milestone as fulfillment milestone for course referred by prerequisite _ course _ key .
gather the loss for a single clone .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond4 .
ripped from core impacket .
get a state from the zoneminder api service .
returns newline delimited items contained inside file
fixes the connectivity matrix - copies it - makes it symmetric - converts it to lil if necessary - completes it if necessary
traverse two structures to ensure that the actual structure contains all of the elements within the expected one .
perform shell completion .
retrieves the custom certificate template based on course _ key and mode .
given a datatuple of , sends each message to each recipient list .
transforms three - letter amino acid codes into one - letters in the given hspfragments .
remove all param arguments from a url .
invoke a veil - evasion rpc instance on the specified port .
return the first nja file found inside : path .
return a list of one - line strings with tabs expanded , no newlines , and trailing whitespace stripped .
return true if a tracebackentry instance should be removed from tracebacks : dynamically generated code ; internal traceback from pytest or its internal libraries , py and pluggy .
migrates all hunts to collection - stored clients / errors lists .
view a fullscreen version of an image - called from reports
construct list of labels
get the current time since psychopy . core was loaded .
create a mon node
t loglikelihood given observations and mean mu and variance sigma2 = 1
update a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
enable the use of third _ party _ auth , which allows users to sign in to edx using other identity providers .
return the current policy for the specified table / chain
generate dict of model properties based on xml metadata
render the passed item of streamfield content , passing the current template context if theres an identifiable way of doing so .
helper function for pretty - printing a list of annotated sentences for a full - text document .
print a comma separated list of reverse domain names and associated pointer records .
fix timeout value : convert to integer with a minimum of 1 second
delete a repo .
emulate sqlobjects containsstring .
declares some extra key flags .
return the distribution name
returns source file needed to correct sgemv
return the list of functools - wrappable attributes on a callable .
returns the average weight of an edge in a weighted path .
find the places a given method is overridden .
add vertex elements to an xml element .
get user information .
given a course _ key , thread _ id , and parent _ id , create a comment , called from create _ comment to do the actual creation
inject default arguments for dump functions .
get a * * killcursors * * message .
remove specified package .
return an arbitrary free address for the given family
send select from table .
read character from bti file .
encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value .
this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error .
get all available regions for the cloudwatch logs service .
determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
parses command - line arguments .
set up datatypes _ registry
return the line number in the current file .
multiplicative _ expression : cast _ expression
get checkout phases for given service .
get a metadata - schema object or raise if it does not exist .
retrieves the field named field _ name from the java _ object .
reads until the regular expression pattern matched
clean up values in the db from tasks which no longer exist .
perform a single dbchk run based on the options and previous runs .
return the dashboard activity stream of the current user .
calculate quantiles for a probability plot , and optionally show the plot .
construct a sparse matrix of ones with the same sparsity pattern .
alternative implementation to the built - in time template filter which also accepts the date string in iso - 8601 as passed in by the rest serializers .
setup the yahoo ! weather sensor .
as per section 3 . 2 of rfc 3987 , step three of converting a uri into an iri , we need to re - percent - encode any octet produced that is not part of a strictly legal utf - 8 octet sequence .
looks up resource _ data by resource . id .
press the keyboard button for volume down .
compute basic stats for an array and return a string containing average , median , standard deviation and percentiles .
convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0 : 255
convert container info dict to headers .
return a string or unicode representation of an element .
if the flags . monkey _ patch set as true , this function patches a decorator for all functions in specified modules .
alter a postresql sequence .
read data from files , any pyo format , returns
set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects .
left the group successfully , quit the server .
fixture providing a tab registry for win _ id 0 .
returns the maximum inconsistency coefficient for each non - singleton cluster and its descendents .
format the state into a log message
get all floating ips .
return a dictionary with a copy of each interface attributes in attrs
in python 2 this is a no - op .
takes a multi - line string and does the following : - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace
read a file and return content
redirects the user to the login page , passing the given next page
cast a number to a string and perform validation to ensure no loss of precision .
return a list of users projects , excluding registrations and folders .
copy rows to a set of backup tables , then purge rows .
retrieve all quotas associated with a given project and user .
ensure that no instances with the specified names exist .
convert user name to a uid
from an n x p design matrix d and a matrix l , tries to determine a p x q contrast matrix c which determines a contrast of full rank , i . e . the n x q matrix dot ( transpose ( c ) , pinv ( d ) ) is full rank .
returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number .
builder for rebulk object .
this method will replace encrypted and signed parts with their contents and set part attributes describing the security properties instead .
creates an environment key - equivalent for the given key
report message in json , xml or plain text
test installing a tool using - e and - - install - option
helper for build _ index ( ) : yield a list of elementtree . element objects , each holding the xml for a single package collection .
decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
scan path for videos and their subtitles .
gets the user secret from the secrets database and displays it , along with the activation url and verification code .
get title chapter count .
return display name of vm : " minion1 "
add a metric to track the number of metric serializations , tagged by their status .
this parses a . rsrc section and will adjust the rva attributes for patching on to the onionduke stub
return an instance of the fileinput class , which can be iterated .
convert a json blob to the native object .
stop the named broadcast .
creates dict of data for sampleid , barcodes , and added field .
convert an unix timestamp to datetime object .
routine to generate unique derangements .
download the data , unless its already here .
replaces the contents of file _ name with data in a safe manner .
decorate a function describing a cached query .
hash a categorical by hashing its categories , and then mapping the codes to the hashes
parses the content type .
update the flow database from airodump csv files
computes the current totp code .
require the suggest permission .
preface the carving of a gcode file .
quality aware seqrecord comparison .
if this function is called via the numpy library , the third parameter in its signature is axis , which takes either an ndarray or none , so check if the convert parameter is either an instance of ndarray or is none
a centralized way to determine whether we are in the context of a request being served by flask or pylons
sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
return the : class : . session to which the given instance belongs .
wrapper on image _ resize _ image , to resize to the standard medium image size : 180x180 .
return true if user is a valid user , false otherwise
using convert _ pep0 above , create a cms ready pep0 page and return it pep0 is used as the directory index , but its also an actual pep , so we return both page objects .
returns the expired status , invalid status , and user of a confirmation token .
recursively resolves the given object and all the internals .
pure implementation of the gnome sort algorithm in python .
recursively turn an object into a python primitive .
make a 2d bilinear kernel suitable for upsampling of the given size .
a decorator that acquires a lock before accessing the debugger to avoid api locking related errors with the debugger host .
generates the models . py and admin . py files
get the local attribute if any .
add interface to klass _ _ implements _ _ if not already implemented in .
plots a pmf or hist as a line .
load the train , valid , test data for the dataset name and return it in ndarray format .
dennis ritchie was the first person to create a hello world program
exact matching of ip addresses .
split an internal pootle _ path into proper parts .
removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings
prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable .
returns the indefinite article for a given word .
show the exchange rate between two currencies
compute time - frequency representation using morlet wavelets .
get a configuration that can be used to call configure snapshot = get _ configuration ( ) configure
generate bin edge offsets and bin labels for one array using another array which has bin edge values .
generate a spectrum from a series of sine values iploc , ipmag , ipphase : sine peaks locations , magnitudes and phases
merges a source directory tree at src into a destination tree at dest .
sets the initial y , or y after a vowel , to y .
run a non - structed query on a servicenow table .
complete using one rule
builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user .
converts expr to a string of octave code .
creates a result set similar to that returned by an index only query .
a function to get asserts from the system
get new repository .
accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type - - > fixer list .
create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script .
determine whether a given set of headers is hybi - 00 - compliant .
generate a uuid from a host id , sequence number , and the current time .
parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle .
try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . getinnerframes ( ) .
sends an sms message to phone _ number with a message containing msg .
validate an rrset against a single signature rdata
determine whether or not the given pattern matches the schema .
use this function to turn on the compatibility mode .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
ensure that the astropy _ helpers module is available and is importable .
add markers for players to the list of markers .
check termination condition for nonlinear least squares .
lift the carving of a gcode file .
test installing from multiple nested requirements files .
return a matrix whose column span is the same as x .
adds a new language to the translations .
generates a new defaultdict for known threadable predictors .
provides tip for adjusting time delay in time - based data retrieval
context manager that saves os . environ and loads it back again after execution
convert cell range string in a1 notation to numeric row / col pair .
migrate facts from various roles into node
return the id of the primary group that owns a given file
ensure that the path , or the root of the current package , is in sys . path .
create a link for a named route .
check if expression looks like a type name , returns true if so .
create a loggingmanager thats managing sys . stdout and sys . stderr .
get vector3 rotated a quarter widdershins turn around z axis .
unset the username cookie
collects all the paths from path recursively that contains files of type file _ sig .
turns a list of maps , lists , or scalars into a single map .
read in the dict structure generated by the salt key api methods and print the structure .
return string with fully composed psql command .
remove an entry from the aliases file
get number of available audio tracks .
send a message to an xmpp recipient , support send message to multiple recipients or chat room .
attempt to authenticate to the given transport using any of the private keys available from an ssh agent .
create a display name for a key .
yield egg or source distribution objects based on basename
build a wmi query result from a file and given parameters .
clean the path + filename following these rules :
helper function for restoring session data from hashdb
tests empty plural targets are not deleted .
looks for the specified member in markupsafe - escaped html output
this cg implementation is a rewrite of minimize . m written by carl
gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp _ id .
simple function which terminates all of our threads
determines a set of potential return types for func using docstring hints
get all available regions for the route53 service .
heres where you put your code to deal with the just archived message .
hypergeometric algorithm for computing formal power series .
key bindings for accepting auto suggestion text .
get all metadata for a volume .
create and return a cookie
take two protocol instances and connect them .
deletes applications tars from the designated location .
return true if user is watching the discussion for locale and
return the pagerank of the nodes in the graph .
parse the logging line
return a generator iterating over hosts path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
returns time in milliseconds since the epoch .
converts a datetime to local time in the active time zone .
power iteration computation of the principal eigenvector
returns a dict of serialized dependencies for given artifact
return server version from znc - - version
load the specified kernel module mod
parse a time expression , returning it as a number of seconds .
return the host to use for the next autodeployed vm .
t - sne objective function : the absolute error of the
converts a path name from its operating system - specific format to a universal path notation .
injects a client instance to the each function
get complex from multiplier , prefix and xml element .
retrieves more context units .
enforce policy for forced usage of https .
returns a list of geodjango test applications that reside in django . contrib . gis . tests that can be used with the current database and the spatial libraries that are installed .
get a useful representation method .
an iterator over tokens in text .
runs gdb in - - batch mode with the additional arguments given by * args .
clear all registerd migrations
converts dates from dd - mon - yy to yyyy - mm - dd format .
return the filesystem with the given name .
create a list of a ports fixed ips in cidr notation .
only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
send message to pushbullet
ensures an input is a tuple or list .
get information about a frame or traceback object .
return the list of security checks .
maps xs to consumers .
compute the jaccard coefficient of all node pairs in ebunch .
return the k - core of g .
parse group feeds
pickles an object to an existing tar archive .
converts a dotted python path to an absolute path under the
create a random text string of length slength from the unichar values in char _ choices ; then split the random text into words of random length from [ 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 ] .
reverse a path .
check provided topic coherence algorithm on given topics
determine whether a particular wcs ctype corresponds to an angle or scalar coordinate .
register a new check for an ndframe object .
setup nest binary sensors .
discrete sub - sampled ricker wavelet
pack a window - change request so that it is suitable for sending .
run a pyplot script and save the low and high res pngs and a pdf in * output _ dir * .
express integral from zero to infinity g1 * g2 using a g function , assuming the necessary conditions are fulfilled .
method to decode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard
construct a sparse matrix of zeros .
we must escape the defines that we give to xcode so that it knows not to split on spaces and to respect backslash and quote literals .
resolve a bcachex or cache to a real dev
common code to change a users gecos information
compute the matrix exponential using pade approximation .
standard daemonization of a process .
both central and distributed servers must make these available at a web - accessible location .
show the details of an existing disk .
check for addon asset in source directory ; if file is found , return path to webpack - built asset .
split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
allow any logged user to post a comment
rebuild app for versions 2 . 5 + .
read an unsigned 16 - bit integer
locates and loads a library .
extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . model class .
generate sequences of chunk _ size elements from iterable .
notify about successful usage type - access - command .
create an empty vbd , then insert the cd .
check the error code returned .
makes one or more jars from a directory hierarchy .
check if the required keyspace and tables are present .
write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file , if write statistics file for skeinforge chain is selected .
match a given key and value against an attribute list .
this function tests whether an object is an array
get and / or provision unallocated public ips
performs regridding of an image to set isotropic voxel sizes using dipy .
execute a rendering callable given the callable , a
format the list of message sizes appropriately for the lines of a uidl response .
return raw configs for all interfaces
set up the zengge platform .
context manager for current working directory temporary change .
docstring for _ gen
handle the request for collections .
assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max _ tries number of attempts
utility function that parses the data contained in an xml processing instruction and returns a dictionary of keywords and their associated values .
parses an octal escape sequence .
a customized cache key function
lists available locales
unpack a tar and / or gzipped archive into a destination directory .
copy the given dict and update with the given values .
return the application log directory .
return a slice of html < = length chars .
set the given properties on a compute node and update it .
blow away the current project .
given the string representation of a tagged token , return the corresponding tuple representation .
normalise the url path by resolving segments of . and . . .
sets the script prefix for the current thread .
put points in info dig structure .
returns a diffopcodegenerator instance used for generating opcodes .
run function in subprocess , return a process object
deletes a job
a signature - matching decorator factory .
returns all templates names that are configured under environment loader dirs
get integer adjust option .
iterate over fastq records as string tuples .
this is the view for capturing additional billing details in case of the business purchase workflow .
recursively walk a datastructrue sorting any lists along the way .
gets the string name of a kwarg or vararg
monkey - patch urllib3 with pyopenssl - backed ssl - support .
require pip _ to be installed .
create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen .
only load if the postgres module is present
print the estate road stack stats estate : none
deletes poudriere jail with name
check if form field has datarequired or inputrequired validators .
same as ~ psychopy . event . getkeys , but halts everything while awaiting input from keyboard .
return number of missing items in album .
get the repository constructor .
return renderingview with best web engine or raise exception .
average a binary metric for multilabel classification
do a cmp - style comparison on two packages .
helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self .
parse an expression into ast
calculate deltas required to adjust quota for an instance upsize .
idempotently add a git url hostkey
parse a cpu set specification .
returns a list of tuples of all keypairs .
attach private interfaces to a server
list all messages that a package contains
returns a hashed string of length n using the pbkdf2 algorithm .
fetches a list of all configured ipsecpolicies for a tenant
read bti system config file .
filters all model attributes except for keys item is a dict
save the static files generated for the main site
given a toc or equivalent list of tuples , generates all the required pyc / pyo files , writing in a local directory if required , and returns the list of tuples with the updated pathnames .
process the xml element .
get the fabmetheus directory path .
replaces all occurances of nt slashes ( ) in provided filepath with posix ones ( / ) > > > nttoposixslashes c : / windows
resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [ batch , channels , depth , height , width ] - [ batch , depth , height , width , channels ] by a factor of .
add x groove .
check if given path ends with a python 2 . 6 + or 3 . 3 + name .
export nipype interfaces to other formats .
converts mpl color formats to bokeh color formats .
returns the base directory containing translations files for the project .
checks if specified partition is type 83
returns a document if it matches the value _ field but doesnt have a _ version field .
interface to the systems uname command .
dispatches incoming request and returns response .
convert the given argument so its the equivalent in js .
in debug mode flask - sqlalchemy will log all the sql queries sent to the database .
escape cr and lf characters .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
find vdis which are connected to vbds which are connected to vms .
copy a query object to search _ service _ pb . searchparams object .
show a single organization .
stringify time in iso 8601 format .
count the number of digits in a bcd value
computes gcd of two polynomials using groebner bases .
return a two - tuple of the main and subtype of the given message .
returns fee structure .
attempt to evaluate promise , even if obj is not a promise .
returns a datasheet from the given csv file path .
define new events by co - occurrence of existing events .
create a new connection object with the right adapter .
truncate the string to the limit number of characters
chown a file , pass the file the desired user and group without following any symlinks .
start the cython debugger .
always return a unicode path .
given a package name like foo . bar . quux , imports the package and returns the desired module .
add an item or items to a queue
ntpstats main loop
converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
the low - level function that actually takes a bunch of files , applies filters and merges them together into an output file .
wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto , e . g , sentence in list of ints
get new derivation .
associate dhcp option bad dhcp options id
liability edit page
queues a share link email .
binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi - model approach for
create api - version specific endpoint tables .
get all instance faults for the provided instance _ uuids .
attach a managed policy to a user .
a wrapper to convert a django subcommand a click command
convert a long int to the 4 - character code it really is
remove incref decref pairs on the same variable
one step of positive real root refinement algorithm .
check whether module possibly uses unsafe - for - zipfile stuff
return imdb url of the given id
special migration for the blueprint to support keystone v3 .
check an address or a value if it contains badchars
a version of pythons urllib . quote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
update a user password .
run an stk500v2 program on serial port port and write filename into flash .
returns base string for hmac - sha1 signature as specified in : URL # rfc . section . 9 . 1 . 3
summarize multiple results instances side - by - side
determine the search handler to use .
return the pathname for a resource file .
default failure action on signin
return a list of all fonts matching any of the extensions , possibly upper - cased , found recursively under the directory .
long short - term memory units as an activation function .
get ipython directory from command line , or assume its the one above .
given a list of lines of committee data from a td element on the committees page , extract the commitee name , the members , and yeild a committee object .
only work on systems that are a proxy minion
get a version ( ) based on installed command - line gits version
adds a role for a user on a tenant .
manage the snmp accepted community names and their permissions .
provide multiprocessing imap like function .
create token storage from give file name
this can be used as a github webhook service hook , for reloading of the content repo used by the lms .
run a demo with defaults .
read the stream for * exactly * size bytes and raise an exception if less than size bytes are actually read
registered handler for 403 .
set / get the axis properties : > > > axis ( ) returns the current axes limits [ xmin , xmax , ymin , ymax ] .
restful crud controller
list vms on this azure account , with full information
configure custom gutter icons if they can be located .
cancel the previously created hold on the participants credit card .
parses a set implicit union .
used to convert flag options to auto directives .
creates an index from a search _ service _ pb . indexspec .
test if task result yields failed
return a policy list available for the tenant .
generate a regression dataset with the given parameters .
return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet .
differentiate expr and replace derivatives with finite differences .
sanitize the output string before we pass it to module . fail _ json .
return true if target is out - of - date with respect to any file listed in sources .
linux specific helper function .
drops privileges if running as root .
add media instance to media list
given the value of a header like :
returns the operator or set of operators corresponding to the given eigenstate
correlate vectors using method .
get an sqlite3 connection , and initialize the package database if necessary
reports that the user has unclear or unusable input .
verify that cli history commands work .
runs a plugin synch between the puppet master and agent
upload a shapefile to a given project , and display status when complete .
this method prepares a request dict to be created into an
context processor to inject various useful variables into context .
infer a callfunc node by trying to guess what the function returns
translates the characters in text to an html string
deletes the keys from redis , returns number of keys deleted
generate matrices for rotation by some angle around some axis .
send current messages in the log to all targets
stop a machine by name
chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum .
gets metric by name from distance _ transform .
compile several source files .
get all cgsnapshots belonging to a project .
helper method to create and initiailze a bottle application
multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k [ x ] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f .
translate a mountpoint like / dev / sdc into a numeric .
sets the script prefix for the current thread .
query the timeseries . list api method .
find best ordering for three arrays and do the multiplication .
identify the repeating stack frames from a recursionerror traceback records is a list as returned by verbosetb . get _ records ( )
merge multiple sorted inputs into a single sorted output .
finds the length of a set of vectors in * n * dimensions .
all arguments except for server _ hostname , ssl _ context , and ca _ cert _ dir have the same meaning as they do when using : func : ssl . wrap _ socket .
interpolate between from _ value and to _ value given the value t [ 0 . . 1 ] ease _ out _ degree alters the interpolation curve to ease out more , the higher the value , where 1 is no easing .
preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
set the entities to the dialog then write them .
actually uploads the resources
change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed .
clone a vm . .
returns a list of the format modules found
convert a string to html .
returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix + arg , calling notfound ( ) if there isnt one .
send a simple notification to an iterable of users
chaikin a / d oscillator
returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix + arg , calling notfound ( ) if there isnt one .
show parsed configuration
returns the dot product of the given matrices .
compute content and the primitive form of f in k [ x ] .
rename file with temporary backup file to rollback if rename fails
handler url function for studio
guarantee that the app returns an iterable
print overall statistics .
create a new private key .
ensure the route53 record is present .
adds a billed op to the given trace .
stolen completely from boto . providers
writes a file to disk
gets the overridden due date for the given user on the given unit .
check highlight group name : it should match naming conventions
return list of all the vms and their state .
wrapper to create an : class : httpget effect .
returns the energy of the one - dimensional harmonic oscillator n the " nodal " quantum number omega the harmonic oscillator angular frequency
expands metadata to be as complete as possible dimension metadata .
remove all episodes by identifier from series name from database .
converts a penn corpus tag into a wordnet tag .
delete link in / etc / nginx / sites - enabled / from fabtools import require require . nginx . disable . .
create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on
makes asynchronous connections to a remote electrum server .
get geometry output by sorted , nested loops .
decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular
return the system command that dispatches execution to the correct program .
find repositories via various criteria .
return the docstring for the given node or none if no docstring can be found .
retain permissions of parent for childs
returns true if any target contains the ios specific key
returns all dummies in the mul sorted in canonical order
create a qos _ specs .
decorator factory for standalone functions .
compute the pseudo - inverse of a hermetian matrix .
run tests with monkey - patching enabled .
only load if boto is available .
convert a qpointf into a tuple .
returns all the active contexts for the current thread .
lets be dynamic !
return token creation page with list of known tokens .
just for testing
read a signed 16 - bit integer
for every text record calculate which index entries start , end , span or are contained within that record .
same as a > b .
return a dataset class instance based on a string , tuple or dictionary . .
expire g / b links that are not in new _ jobs
attempts to find bc in a given sequence and added demultiplex field ids _ bcs _ added _ field : dict of : sampleid fasta _ label : full fasta label , needed for added demultiplex field fasta _ seq : current fasta sequence bc _ lens : size of barcodes , from largest to smallest all _ bcs : list of all barcode sequences .
create a resource service client by name using the default session .
pure implementation of shell sort algorithm in python
for a given x value returns the probability ( y ) of the subject responding yes
store handler in the _ readline _ commands dictionary .
converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
builds an autoserv command line composed of the executable and parameters
regroups a list of alike objects by a common attribute .
returns the name of the path to generate to .
returns the first item in a list .
attempts to convert a string of unknown character set to a unicode string .
clip a gcode linear move file or text .
returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
create a timeout for inactive amp connections that will abort the connection when the timeout is reached .
provide random data in versions of python prior to 2 . 4 .
a helper function for testing matrix functions .
creates a taguri .
get acl groups .
add faces from loops .
return detailed information about the vms .
parse a cookie http header into a dict of name / value pairs .
return a l2 agent on the host .
load one of mr , cr , subj or mpqa
cleanup old env and code .
create a fake orm service instance .
find a fk
calculates an hash on a file by path .
reset keyboard shortcuts to default values
takes a program name or full path , plus an optional collection of search paths , and returns the full path of the requested executable .
returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
signal handler to catch timeout signal : raise timeout exception .
adds a new mako template lookup directory to the given namespace .
return arguments for git fetch / push / pull
displays a search form for searching the list .
return the address from the given addressfamilies which provides the given package .
given a url that may or may not have a scheme , prepend the given scheme .
helper to verify that quota parameters are valid
return info on all groups
get current software audio volume .
test that columns can contain raw html which is not escaped .
execute taskqueue tasks until it becomes empty .
create a new pool if it does not already exist .
gets the national significant number of a phone number .
check the file is a valid zipfile
helper function for sum simplification
print all found commands / tasks , then exit .
helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
principal component analysis input : x , matrix with training data stored as flattened arrays in rows return : projection matrix , variance and mean .
this function corresponds to an if statement , returning inputs in the then _ branch if condition evaluates to true or inputs in the else _ branch if condition evalutates to false .
use the closure webservice - limited to files under 1mb !
returns ~ pr [ outcome ! = winner ] .
gets the parent class and returns a column that points to the primary key of the parent .
get all compute services for a given hypervisor type .
return a date formatted as a string using a subset of qts formatting codes
multi - dimensional slice assignment : llst and rlst are the operands , lslices and rslices are lists of slice objects .
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
waits for the " mini - notification " to appear and disappear on the given page .
returns an array of n dac values spanning 0 - 255
save image to the specified path .
retrieve data from an sqlite3 db
create mockhandlers and add them to an openerdirector .
get strings describing the arguments for the given object
return create exceptions .
print the md5 sums of the release files
perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body .
create or update any pagerduty resource
create the breadcrumb trail to this page of documentation .
compute newey - west adjusted covariance matrix , taking into account specified number of leads / lags
check the strength of the password entered by the user and return back the same
returns a list of jobs which were last updated at most recency _ msecs milliseconds ago and have experienced more than one retry .
return default parameters read in from file
return hex - character in string format of human readable formatting .
returns the full path to a yaml file by giving the builtin modules name .
returns context variables useful to local sites .
test source _ date _ epoch support .
get a crafted shape file .
read all multipart / form - data parts into entity . parts or entity . params .
installs one or more system packages via apt .
find k eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the square matrix a .
get the python license header for a license
similar to str . rpartition from 2 . 5 , but doesnt return the separator .
returns a translation object .
dimlist : dimlist comma dimitem | dimitem
return a qtransform that is the inverse of * tr * .
create a dns entry for domain , name , and ip .
abstraction over flask _ restplus . reqparse . parser . parse _ args
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of complex points .
re - quote the given uri .
main entry point for module execution
returns a form field for a db . stringlistproperty .
attempts to free lock id , returning success as true / false .
breakdown the search path , to determine the base folder and search string .
enable a server : port member of a servicegroup
return homogeneous rotation matrix from quaternion .
scale a vector to unit length .
main converter function .
returns a list of diffsets in the review that contain draft comments .
derive one or more keys from a password .
start the named container path path to the container parent directory default : / var / lib / lxc . .
do the actual delete
predict the number of chunks that will be extracted from the entire zipfile , given chunksize blocks .
mocks the get _ score function to return a valid grade .
notify subscribed users about new translation
import a patch from the code review server
callback used by pyyaml when a " ! float " tag is encountered .
create a generic db
finds out the location for the distribution - specific
given a number of tasks , builds a dependency chain .
this method serves up the export to git page
return the maximum depth of any square root argument of p .
add user send mail
takes a byterange from the client and converts it into a byterange spanning the necessary segments .
parse the given html file .
parse input arguments .
when clone ( ) is called with a git / hg repo , the corresponding vcs command should be run via subprocess . check _ output ( ) .
turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects .
returns the ip version of a network .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
return the length of str when it is encoded with body quopri .
images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis .
context manager to set an environment variable temporarily .
parse and define simple element types as struct objects
export a path
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
define and parse optparse options for command - line usage .
queries connection related information from the proc contents .
the equations which comes under this type are . .
return system cpu times as a named tuple .
split the hive from the key
get decoder by alias name .
returns a random integer number between the start and end number .
it computes the average absolute difference between predicted and actual ratings for users .
install a set of middlewares defined in the ini file on the given app .
reboot a vm vm : string vm to be rebooted force : boolean force reboot of vm if true key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
n330 - enforce using assertequal parameter ordering in case of empty objects .
flash a message depending on if the flash _ messages configuration value is set .
get file infos using ffmpeg .
serve a static resource from the given dir .
read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object .
escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a
get unique name according to check function , use only 1000 iterations .
maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
return the column header for the given column
list " packages " by executing a command via ssh
centralized master event function which will return event type based on event _ map
when the user selects a mailbox , " examine " it .
adds matrices row - wise .
reduces the scheme and host from a given url so it can be passed to the given login url more efficiently .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
convert a time into microseconds since midnight .
return the result of indexing * ary * with the given * indices * , returning either a scalar or a view .
parse the command line options
convenience function reduces unit test churn
check if we are currently on one of twisted threadpool threads .
adds the arg to the value
gets a single quantile value for a dataset using r .
method for getting site name for a fake site .
display all matching bitmask values for value given bitmap .
load the locale data for the given locale .
return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist .
sets the default privacy list as listname .
remove key from the dictionary in the value is true .
invite people to hardtree
add a profile menu .
ensure the rabbitmq user exists .
lists all available languages .
create and install loggers
provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content .
inspect the arguments to pkg . installed and discover what packages need to be installed .
makes text all lowercase and strips punctuation and whitespace .
check if user has access to the course with this course _ key
returns git export url for component
simple function to remove any latex commands or brackets from the string , replacing it with its contents .
calculate the relevance score of a remote torrent , based on the name and the matchinfo object of the last torrent from the database .
format an event as a line of human - readable text for , e . g . traditional log file output .
helper function for future . _ _ repr _ _
get full pci id of pci _ id .
deserialize s to a python object .
access to the cached applied item inventory .
cache a page for anonymous users .
returns a list which is a single level of flattening of the original list .
parse a text using a template and map it to another template
iterate over the parts , returning string payloads line - by - line .
release a chapter description .
move to the end of the line .
returns gtf features found in an iterator .
return a symbolic scalar variable .
returns a list of paths to user - provides languages files .
estimate derivatives of an ode system rhs with forward differences .
convert a settings object to parameters which may be passed to a new client ( ) instance .
subscription index page
configures the snmp on the device as specified in the sls file .
prompt to enter a valid username .
returns the setting : cms _ cache _ durations or the defaults .
prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
compute current - flow betweenness centrality for subsets of nodes .
sets session language based on user preferences .
checks if request has an authenticated user .
generate the sitemap xml
provides rbac if we are running on a solaris like system
simple interface to subprocess . call ( ) cmd : list of command params
create user facing error message from a : class : jsonschema . validationerror error
before each scenario , turn off automatic screenshots .
fetch daylight hours from sunrisesunset . com for a given location .
runs markdown over a given value , optionally using various extensions python - markdown supports .
compute roots of f by factorization in the ground domain .
compute information needed to center data to have mean zero along axis 0 .
get the carving for the csv file .
run migrations in online mode .
return a list of the hypervisors which this proxmox pve machine manages
get all available regions for the rds service .
used to get cache client
datapipeline api is throttling us , as all the pipelines are started at the same time .
deserialize s to a python object .
this is a fallback technique at best .
raises an assertionerror if objects are not equal up to desired tolerance .
get the lines for a file from the cache .
return the nth composite number , with the composite numbers indexed as composite ( 1 ) = 4 , composite ( 2 ) = 6 , etc . . . .
test the reconstruction update _ viewer function
return the cartesian product of u and v .
redirect to vehicle / create
extracts the cifar - 10 dataset and return numpy arrays with the different sets
create an udp multicast socket for circusd cluster auto - discovery .
gives one karma to a user
template settings for kashmir floods response URL
generate and parse . noseids and return the contents
drops elements of input variable randomly .
dot description of a sympy expression tree
list a job submission history .
convert a datetime to a string .
get standard platform icon
return true if this function is run within idle .
return the subgraph induced on nodes in nbunch .
save a pickled object into a file
delete a user
parse status header , if it exists .
read whole contents at once
returns a list of ip addresses of a given hostname or none if not found .
returns indices of the wanted items in the input items if present .
return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable .
creates a third - level pipeline to merge the connectome file format outputs from each group and combines them into a single cff file for each group .
instantiates an all - zeros variable and returns it .
transforms params to induce stationarity / invertability .
generate a random api key see : URL
return the class object for a given check name
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in , redirecting to the log in page if necessary .
open up the wikimedia donate page in your favorite browser .
evaluate piecewise polynomial manually
determine the most preferred api version supported by the specified server , then create a soap stub adapter using that version
standard boilerplate qt application code .
creates vdi from the image stored in the local cache .
scan for docker events and fire events
convert taxness of a priceful object .
return text documentation from an object .
converts string truthy / falsey strings to a bool
creates normal objects , storing their name on client
decode jose base - 64 der - encoded csr .
gets info about the given api key
gets statistics for the answer groups and rules of this state .
marks the value as a string that should not be auto - escaped .
get current context instance .
since flask 0 . 8 were monkeypatching the files object in case a request is detected that does not use multipart form data but the files object is accessed .
year - > number of days before january 1st of year .
open the given filename and return the workbook
renders a form and returns its html output .
create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
the pprint for classes and types .
internal helper that returns the default endpoint for a given function .
install and build static assets for admin .
test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise .
floor x to the nearest lower decade
compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
creates a query object that will inject changes into results .
create a tree view from a model and set the current index .
naive b - spline evaluation .
get the pixel dimensions of a video .
verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted .
check the output of a tool - given the stdout , stderr , and the tools exit code , return true if the tool exited succesfully and false otherwise .
try to rewrite f as a sum of single g functions of the form
packs a web2py application .
asynchronously enumerate domains available for browsing and registration .
partition array with pivot at a [ 0 ] in the array a [ l . . . r ] that returns the index of pivot element
invalidate the cache of skipped verification model .
retrieves the list of videos from val corresponding to this course .
list selected nodes
create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive
condense multiple adjacent semicolon characters into one .
generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings
initiates the instance of the given vm on the target host .
shut down any stub services that were started up for the scenario .
returns the current time .
send email after account create
autonomous system of general form . .
returns search url from referer if it was an mdn search
insert pseudo parentheses so that dicts can be formatted correctly .
parse a line of the response to a uidl command .
parses a single log entry emitted by app _ logging . applogshandler .
simple graphviz parser
do some setup common to all of the agentservice test cases .
update server info files for a repository .
sets fakedrivers node . list .
execute the bokeh command .
splits key : value strings and returns them as a dictionary .
jedi caches many things , that should be completed after each completion finishes .
oozebane a gcode linear move file .
copies plural forms header contents from a django catalog of locale to the msgs string , inserting it at the right place .
set the minimum number of days between password changes .
check that the supplied value is a string .
make sure the c reader doesnt segfault when the input data contains empty quotes .
load lightweight " bundle " objects using the orm .
takes a collector object and creates a process for it .
the basic permission - checker .
debug counter to know how often we go through some piece of code .
read the logging configuration from a configparser - format file .
returns a list of colors sampled at equal intervals over the spectrum .
helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
helper function to update errors in the return structure
compute cross product between list of 3d vectors
return a cudamatexception object based on the error code err _ code .
assumes that the input graph is connected
save original easy _ install . get _ script _ args .
update ou affiliations related to this record
decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of dtypes .
get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment .
parse a shed - related tool panel config to generate the shed _ tools _ dict .
convolve two n - dimensional arrays using fft .
get the points from every point on a path and between points .
read bool value from bti file .
magicmock side _ effect for os . path . isfile ( ) .
add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted by the property given in the argument .
add vector3 to xml element .
return the offset in which the completion should be inserted
set decoded audio format .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
appends the xml parts corresponding to the specification .
verifies that the specified cron job is present for the specified user .
returns the language name for the given language code .
inserts the settings from a fixture into the database .
walk through the auto _ config folder and build a dict of auto - configurable images .
download a change from the code review server
main program function for finding , removing reverse primer seqs fasta _ fp : fasta filepath mapping _ fp : mapping filepath output _ dir : output directory truncate _ option : truncation option , either truncate _ only , truncate _ remove primer _ mismatches : number is mismatches allowed in reverse primer
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation
get a list of best genres to use with genre - radio playlisting
isolate real roots of a list of polynomials and disjoin intervals .
list all the templates present in this vmware environment
generate csv report from backtest output file
run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge .
unindent text of a : class : . buffer object .
ensure that peoples ps1 remains unchanged if they have that setting in their rc file .
checks the count of all field kinds is less than limit .
hyphenate a post .
write a ~ numpy . ndarray to a file - like object .
prints all the goal info in the goals collection .
implements emsa - pkcs1 - v1 _ 5 - encode ( ) function described in sect .
load the given plugin .
get seconds since epoch .
select production instance ( s )
returns the directory component of a pathname
only create a deferred
get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _ or _ raise attributeerror otherwise .
build a sequential tower starting from inputs by using an op repeatedly .
returns the final component of a pathname
process the xml element .
get an instance of the serial class , depending on port / url .
this function tries to compute the image shape of convolution gradinputs .
utility function to validate and encode server keys and values .
create a new : class : sslsocket instance .
destroy the floating _ ip or raise if it does not exist .
preprocess a list of options and remove duplicates , returning a new list of options .
returns two dataseries that exhibit only those values whose datetimes are in both dataseries .
api hook for updating git repos .
make a rest link node .
return the number of permutations of n items taken k at a time .
return argument untouched .
main processing loop , display graphs and maps
returns a desired percentile value of a sorted list of numbers .
lists known metrics by name from distance _ transform .
set the size of a finder window for folder to
forces anyjson to use a specific json module if its available
return the indices where ravel is true
return a cloud client
only load this module if twilio is installed on this minion .
generate a dictionary with all available interfaces relative to root .
format call - stack and display exception information
return server version
drill a gcode linear move file .
retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
start a vm .
runs the data upgrade process of fetching , validating and updating data within zookeeper & cassandra .
enable or disable a media .
return my customized platform string if no param , it returns the string based on current python runtime if current is provide , this function is a mapping .
entry point of the ipython extension
parse command line arguments into arguments for
returns a region class definition given a slug , id , or class definition .
attach a backing devices to a cache set
return the configured log file or none
execute queries against sqlcipher , merge and return as a dict
returns databook from xls stream .
load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 .
context manager for temporarily setting a timezone .
create a file client and add it to the context
list orphaned instances .
create the arguments
setup the raspberry camera .
rgb to stain color space conversion .
for each task , try to figure out the next job that ran after that task .
converts id into a beaker path to status file
a trace function for sys . settrace that prints every function or method call .
ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / , _ and : and similarly problematic characters .
this function * consumes * the q parameter and returns the query as a list of three elements list : [ boolean neg , param , value ] .
continuously collect data from the audio stream , into the buffer .
return the information for a specified job id
shortcut for automatically loading mrjob . conf from one of the predefined locations and returning the de - yamled object
there exists a v in k ( x ) * such that f = dv / v where f a rational function if and only if f can be written as f = a / d where d is squarefree , deg ( a ) < deg ( d ) , gcd = 1 , and all the roots of the rothstein - trager resultant are integers .
render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as { { params } } .
takes a gicallableinfo and generates a dummy callback function which just raises but has a correct docstring .
run a command
render the all - in - one sidebar navigation / content - viewing app .
updates a flup - style wsgiserver with web . py - style error support .
hash a : class : xblock . fragment . fragmentresource .
create the default signal map for this system .
print predefined services
get or create a group that can edit documents .
update the credentials associated with application user .
guess the e / meg layout and return appropriate topomap coordinates .
checks whether kwargs contains any keys that are not in compat _ args and raises a typeerror if there is one .
inserts values into tablename .
construct a son object that will query for all assets possibly limited to the given type in the course using the index in mongo _ indexes . md
add a route to the locust web app , where we can see the total content - length
return the full url to the bootstrap css file
converts a normalized version to a strict version .
initial guesses for the hermite roots
returns the treewidth of the chordal graph g .
generate gaussian noise centered around 128 .
runs a2enmod for the given mod .
check for asserttrue / false , asserttrue / false , asserttrue / false or asserttrue / false sentences .
socializechats on channel
get checkpoint parent dir .
path to a directory from a file
estimate derivatives of boundary conditions with forward differences .
return details about a specific image
provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods .
generator that reads a file , chunk - by - chunk .
add the connections and vertexes .
sets state to the local maximum a posteriori point given a model .
determine if the unwrapped line can go on a single line .
given a one - byte long byte string , returns an integer .
restful crud controller
verify that the path to the device is a directory and is a lesser constraint that is enforced when a full mount _ check isnt possible with , for instance , a vm using loopback or partitions .
returns a list , might be more than one mode
return true if the given class / function node correspond to final definition
calling load w / a file should only advance the length of the file
tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path .
deletes a user .
runs the main initialization routine , with the provided run and shutdown callbacks wrapped by the www - specific functionality provided by _ startwww and _ shutdownwww .
count the number of non - zero values for each feature in sparse x .
create a fir or iir filter .
do a quick seasonsort check and return basic facts
redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url .
set aggregate facts
process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
obtain os version from show version data
get action executed for each container
determine outer indices of an add object .
backwards - compatibility shim for # 16288 fix .
process the xml element .
check if layer is an eof layer
returns the cumulative distribution function at x .
transform the analysis values returned by the analysis function and synthesize the sound inputfile : name of input file ; fs : sampling rate of input file tfreq , tmag : sinusoidal frequencies and magnitudes freqscaling : frequency scaling factors , in time - value pairs timescaling : time scaling factors , in time - value pairs
tower a gcode linear move file or text .
render a button with content
return expanded dictionary : treat keys are paths separated by separator , create sub - dictionaries as necessary
compute weighting for depth prior .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
compute the shortest - path betweenness centrality for nodes .
runs the gdal tests .
compute estimate of log - partition function and likelihood of trainset and testset
create a check on a given url .
split a string or iterable thereof into pairs
fake user id .
return true if we should check for an update
look for a usable service role for emr , and if there is none , create one .
return the storage repository to hold vm images .
somebody disconnected from the homepage
check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers , convert file objects to their filename
write the network devices out to a file
verify that an ip address is not being blacklisted for the given project .
create node positions using : mod : pydot and graphviz .
default function to return the current user oauth token from session cookie .
set keyboard shortcut
the median absolute deviation along given axis of an array
update an acl token .
test xunit output with a background section in the feature
given a timezone it will return a : class : timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen .
helper function to determine if a request should be treated as though it has the osf . admin scope .
only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
returns a colorized string that indicates all the penalties applied to a distance object .
return inverse of square transformation matrix .
sanitize the filename name .
attempts to remove a file .
simple implementation of the indian buffet process .
generates a list of attracting component subgraphs from g .
generates a random six character password with letters and digits .
adds link to the next / prev part and the resource page .
clean orphaned instances .
sum the caller statistics to get total number of calls received .
play media list item at position index .
step 4 : search query entered .
retry db connection .
default function for handling get requests to document endpoints , it has decorators for rate limiting , authentication and for raising pre - request events .
retrieve full absolute path to the pack resource file .
create a security group .
returns a list of time zone dictionaries sorted by their display values
this function produces a semi - redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string .
sets date or time field .
returns the user profile object .
callback invoked when examine command completes .
execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python
convert from density - independent pixels to pixels
parses the command line arguments .
only allow anonymous users to access this view .
tells the appcontroller to begin routing traffic to an appserver .
check for shellshock shell
interpret a string as a base - 36 number as per 454 manual .
generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities .
get cylinder triangle mesh by inradius .
toggle axis labels .
extract the test sources from a doctest docstring as a script .
fix compute _ node attributes that should be unique .
simple html page
return true if test is a file and its name does not end with any of the strings listed in endings .
returns yaml representation of databook .
this will store the current language in the context .
redirect to a given url .
sparks api doesnt properly implement the getattr interface , so we work around it .
returns patch data .
tries to find the path where the py4j jar is located .
compute source space distances in chunks .
helper function of pdsolve that calls the respective pde functions to solve for the partial differential equations .
create classes for testing with other browsers
add a non - fuzzy translation to the dictionary .
generator that keeps yielding items from the items list , in proportion to their weight .
return the inet address for a given interface . .
convert autoserv extra arguments in the form of key = val or key : val to a dictionary .
test freezing a bazaar clone .
task quick set : status
turn a n - d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
calculate the set of include directories to be used .
milestone quick set : status
only load this module if the python ldap module is present
the equations in this type are . .
display a genome in the n - queens problem .
solves the discrete - time algebraic riccati equation .
get the field value that is directly set on the xblock .
compute the ratio of within - and inter - cluster common neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch .
set the prefix for the current thread .
check to make sure switch _ orientation works properly
raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable .
detect object classes in an image given object proposals .
adds a task with description .
setup the verisure platform .
build the denoiser code binary
run flocker - volume with the given arguments .
pops the topmost connection from the stack .
get a string representation of the contents of an html node
returns a modulesystem for the specified descriptor that is specialized for rendering module previews .
create form dialog and return result data : datalist , datagroup title : string comment : string icon : qicon instance parent : parent qwidget apply : apply callback datalist : list / tuple of datagroup : list / tuple of - > one field for each member of a datalist - > one tab for each member of a top - level datagroup - > one page for each member of a datagroup inside a datagroup
check for malicious urls
retrieve all partitions not associated with the current set of icrv blocks .
get radial path .
get the in between loops from loops .
sets the short _ url attribute of the given model for share links in the template .
split the parameters into names and values , check if these parameters are within the testable parameters and return in a dictionary .
decorator to deprecate a keyword argument of a function
get the gcode files in the directory the file is in if directory setting is true .
creates a new desktop and spawns a thread running on it
convert a file of prolog clauses into a list of concept objects .
mark package control as successfully bootstrapped
resize an image so that it is size along the minimum spatial dimension .
function that return a compacted version of the stream
packs the given plugin into a w2p file .
initialize a default config file if it doesnt exist yet .
basic system bindings
get the md5 hash of a given filename .
selection sort : scan the list to find its smallest element , then swap it with the first element .
calculate and return control digit for given list of digits based on
write a failure to the log .
load core result rows using fetchmany / streaming .
ensure a job is disabled in the schedule name
write g in graphml xml format to path
runs flake8 on the sample .
get new repository .
this takes a unicode string and replaces latin - 1 characters with something equivalent in 7 - bit ascii .
getparser ( ) - > parser , unmarshaller
split a time from start to end in periods of a number of seconds .
return true if and only if the dns are equal .
encode unicode _ data for use as xml or html , with characters outside of the encoding converted to xml numeric character references .
return a list of unique elements of * x
defines the three valued and behaviour for a 2 - tuple of three valued logic values
enable or disable self - generated certificates for a course .
handle request parameters that can be filled in from identifiers , resource data members or constants .
for a given platform and version , provide the signing token .
export whole site
call the : term : view callable configured with a : term : view configuration that matches the : term : view name name registered against the specified context and request and return an iterable object which represents the body of a response .
calculate the checksum of a string .
creates an rpc object for use with the task queue api .
shortcut for enabling log dump
sets the checksum and datasum keywords for each hdu of filename .
search the file for a version string .
deserialize simple python objects back into django orm instances .
remove a single package with pkg _ delete
compute the frequency response of a digital filter .
email utility used globally by the communication dashboard to send emails .
returns a reference to the batch datastore interface .
wrapper to provide the right conflict info report data when a method that calls configurator . action calls another that does the same .
return columns based on filters
changes the value of the specified key in the current environment , or in another environment if specified .
perform total - variation denoising on n - dimensional images .
return all metrics
helper function ; set the given optino dest to * value * if its none .
get the angle between a pair of normalized complexes .
get the snapshot map configuration - look up wms parameters for local geonode layers
context manager which patches getpass . getpass to return password .
calculates the radon transform of an image given specified projection angles .
get count of properties for a namespace , raise if ns doesnt exist .
takes a the dict whose value is either none or an instance of dict , odict or an iterable .
display an error message for people without docutils
get and display the changes for the user .
joins url segments together and appends trailing slash if required .
n - dimensional laplace filter using a provided second derivative function
tweak the code object of the given function by replacing its codestring * and * consts * tuple , optionally .
this function returns a possible tour in the current graph and removes the edges included in that tour , from the graph .
attach the specified policy to the specified principal
parse a cookie .
return an aes cipher object and random iv if none specified .
modules home page
register a new serializer .
append the tokens subtype only if its not already set .
reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file .
suppose xxnet is running , try to close it
return whether we should recreate the given db .
return the directory where experimental artifacts are placed .
receives a signal just after the object is saved .
divide a path into two segment at the point where inside becomes false .
input checker utility for building a cv in a user friendly way .
folder for static pages view
helper to get a usable spherical harmonic function .
builds the entire computational graph used for training [ this function builds a model described in section 3 . 1 . 2 onwards as the convolutional feature are precomputed , some extra features which were not used are also implemented here . ]
create a deterministic l { ireactorthreads }
convert 3d points to a 2d perspective using a mayavi scene .
expected params _ and _ context _ _ doc _ _
set values based on data . set _ value
print fatal error messages exit with an error code .
you can use the kwargs to override the retries and use _ account .
return a domain object for the named vm or return domain object for all vms .
return a 64 - bit integer difference of a and b .
this method will replace encrypted and signed parts with their contents and set part attributes describing the security properties instead .
import a cython module if available , otherwise return none .
immediate assignment extended section 9 . 1 . 19
run a full system upgrade refresh
test whether a path exists .
flags a comment .
decorator for toolchaincl methods .
call kpsewhich to find a file in the texmf tree .
return a relative version of a path
release tcp port to be used next time .
a simple view function
parses authentication entries
remove a shelved server from the compute node .
unserialize a json object from a string s by using the applications configured decoder if there is an application on the stack .
returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname
returns a list of valid commands starting with the first argument
start a service .
join a riak cluster . .
returns name encoded with company abbreviation
display the command line help message .
raises an exception if the supplied datastore . key instance is invalid .
from a list of files names , opens file , extracts and prints numa stats .
convert a moduledescription linked list to a python list .
displays the login form and handles the login action .
internal function that actually runs the doctests .
view for getting a json representation of the logged - in users
blast query _ file against subject _ genome query _ file - - . nuc file or other fasta file to blast against all files in file _ list subject _ genome - - path to a kegg . nuc file or other fasta formated file .
loads the queue . yaml file and parses it .
raises assertionerror if subclass does not override a method on base that is marked as an abstract method .
clear users session ( s ) and log them out of osf .
creates the information needed for client - side xblockinfo .
calls odnoklassniki rest api method URL
wrap wsgi middleware around a wsgi application object .
returns minimal degree for each variable in a set of monomials .
test dict key completion applies to numpy struct arrays
create html img element with base64 - encoded image from the scene
a function to generate example data helpers .
accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine .
converts an integer to a base36 string
allow top _ cfg to be yaml
allow configuration of the pickle protocol on a per - machine basis .
find asio or windows sound drivers
elementwise exponential function .
parses the value of a " set - cookie " header into a cookie . simplecookie object
dynamically add in an upload handler .
creates the ast node for calling the _ _ xonsh _ superhelp _ _ ( ) function .
split a list into a list of sub lists , with the number of sub lists being no more than pool _ size .
scan the shell execve routines .
solves the system using substitution method .
applies a smoothening filter .
get endpoint segments from the beginning and end of a line segment .
delete filename segment and see if it comes back with yank .
get serials from androids shared preference xml
extract the containers from the supplied deployment instance .
fetches a list of all networks for a tenant
checks if a plugin is installed .
return an optiongroup object group - - assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser - - an optparse parser
return the status for a service , pass a signature to use to find the service via ps
move tasks by matching from a task _ id : queue mapping .
a utility to help with monkey patching , returns a new function where org _ func has been wrapped by the given wrapper .
parse and normalize request content type and return a tuple with the content type and the options .
run semaphore tracker .
tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations .
returns the xdg cache directory , according to the xdg base directory spec _ .
ignore specific response headers .
modify the number of cycles in a set of sff data .
pick a format string for printing album or item objects , falling back to config options and defaults .
convert json row data to rows with appropriate types .
build the datastore compliant path .
encrypt a secret key with the provided public rsa key .
train classifier on all instances of the movie reviews dataset .
returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache .
test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer .
designates a network time server .
test for s3migrate ( ) . rename _ table function
documents the signature of a model - driven method
the fastest serialization method , but restricts you to python clients .
linear regression intercept
returns true if the tap is valid .
convert c to a array of rgba colors .
serialize an object into a qdatastream .
common setup for envisalink devices .
reorders the slice with values lower than the pivot at the left side , and values bigger than it at the right side .
ensure the cloudwatch alarm exists .
plots the mixture of normal models to axis = ax comp = true plots all components of mixture model
test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . test _ apps .
return return the application styles standard icon for a qstyle . standardpixmap .
determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points .
read and answer report requests .
only sysadmins may pass this value
removes list of files in f f : file containing list of filepaths example f : f1 . txt f2 . txt f3 . txt temp _ dir
another deprecated method , which has been deprecated in favor of the mythical newmethod .
only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup
registers a generic flag object .
start all instances for the given version of the server .
this sets up the test by making a directory named some _ directory .
check that an estimator has the method attribute .
creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator .
recursively generate a list of distributions from * dists * that are dependent on * dist * .
retrieves the external gateway port for a nvp logical router
return the absolute path to test . docx file with root name * name * .
returns a message detail page .
returns the experiment description schema .
return the published authors .
get the label string for the dictionary .
displays a float to a specified number of decimal places .
dumps current stack trace into i / o object out
courses to certificates controller
initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers .
reconstruct a rational number frac a b from . .
fatemans gcd benchmark : trivial gcd
parse the header with the http method in it
testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes .
julian calendar date for the given julian date .
returns the given numeric string as a float or an int .
freezes any mutable object including dictionaries and lists for hashing .
associates the tokens with the current user and writes to the datastore .
only load the module if postfix is installed
replace / course / $ stuff urls with / courses / $ course _ id / $ stuff urls text : the text to replace course _ module : a coursedescriptor returns : text with the links replaced
based on a pascalvoc index file , creates a manifest csv file .
show background job .
return a reverse domain name for the given ip address .
parses a handle containing a genepop file .
list all documents that link to a document .
removes the authenticated users id from the request and flushes their session data .
set up individual proximity component .
utility function to split and validate the request path .
enable the named service to start at boot
validate and parse a given deployment configuration .
calculate berlekamps q matrix .
generate resource source file in resource _ library
checks geo _ point is a geopoint and returns it .
return data to an etcd server or cluster
remove access to volume type for project _ id .
get sailthru list
numbers with exponents beyond float64 range shall be returned as 0 and + - inf respectively by the c parser , just like the python parser .
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
generate all of a files aliases .
get a repository from the database via name .
adds a column of ones to an array
check if a mysql user exists .
returns an array without initializing the elements .
fix the sys . path to include our extra paths .
gets the presence for a jid .
get a specific aggregate by id .
compute coleman - li scaling vector and its derivatives .
maximum of array elements over a given axis .
a way to generate varying timeouts based on ranges
check all python source files in this directory and all subdirectories .
if output is currently being redirected to a stream , returns that stream .
same as a + b , for a and b sequences .
test fif dig montage support .
return a kafka connection
modify one or more values for a repo .
get umfpack family string given the sparse matrix dtype .
compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array .
compile a set of source modules into c / c + + files and return a list of distutils
create a new decorator decorator converts a caller function into a decorator ; decorator decorates a function using a caller .
executes a command in a subprocess .
get boolean from the dictionary and key .
return the full pathname of a music file from the " music " resource subdirectory .
emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ post _ update _ commands ( ) .
returns a set of edges which constitutes the minimum edge cover of the graph .
this returns an absolute url where the given user is signed in for the given viewname with args and kwargs .
like djangos to _ language , but en _ us comes out as en - us .
use the string representation of objects in a tuple .
return a generator that will return a list of active and deleted instances to sync with parent cells .
accumulate the derivative w . r . t the outputs of this layer .
like the standard os . unlink ( ) function , this function attempts to delete a file .
performs jackknife estimation on the basis of jackknife resamples .
delete a file , but ignore file not found error .
read the version string , showing just the last line , which hopefully is the interesting version bit .
only load if gitpython is available
twitter sessions are ssl only , so redirect to ssl if needed .
get the system time .
helper function to set up a gamestate object from the root node of an sgf file
verify that the protocol is actually a protocol .
helper method to return the authorized user for a given username .
when raising an exception , use " raise valueerror " .
convert a dpid from a long into into the canonical string form .
return request headers , with required headers added .
get boolean from the word .
convert type query result to dict with extra _ spec and rate _ limit .
loader for the labeled faces in the wild people dataset
get the visible objects .
returns a wsgi application function .
search for releases with a : musicbrainz : disc id or table of contents .
removes the user metadata prefix for a given server type from the start of a header key .
implements the common parts of get _ test _ stanza .
get a network or raise if it does not exist .
merge config dictionary a into config dictionary b , clobbering the options in b whenever they are also specified in a .
use this to remove columns that dont exist in meta
generates symmetric polynomial of order n .
uninstall a ruby implementation .
turn a string in the form = ab to the ascii character with value 0xab
generate the python source for a node tree .
dump a certificate to a buffer
given a file path to a json file , returns the dictionary definde by the json file
generate random slice tuples for shape .
returns databook from json stream .
append a message to the given exceptions message .
r1 is the region after the first non - vowel following a vowel , or the end of the word if there is no such non - vowel .
we can avoid decreffing the lhs if we know it is the first assignment
return the status for a service .
obfuscate the logical volume .
encode to utf - 8 , only if the value is unicode .
returns the default hash used for unset passwords
create a class which proxies all method calls which adhere to an interface to another provider of that interface .
wrapper for fulltext search .
return a string representing a pair .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
builds the vmdk attach config spec .
if test is true , returns prob / 2 .
converts an xml string into an accountlistfeed object .
return a list of absolute file paths to all the files in the provided file path glob .
sync runners from salt : / / _ runners to the master saltenv : base
returns true if the given data argument does not contain unprintable control characters .
ensure pagerduty service exists .
returns a list of n - grams from the given string .
log all detected optional or external modules
get attribute from current _ app recursively .
try to determine if the path is an url .
given a list of addressfamilies , return an addresses object containing all addressables .
retrieves all volumes summary in a project .
splits a dataset into two subsets .
create a line edit bound against a specific model
run git format - patch on a list of commits .
converts each item in a list to unicode
add group _ hosts and group _ policies fields to filter _ properties dict based on instance uuids provided in request _ spec , if those instances are belonging to a group .
a version of pythons urllib . urlencode ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
load the full config / merge splitted configs if configured
return user by anonymous _ user _ id using anonymoususerid lookup table .
appends data to a json webob response .
register a encoder / decoder for yaml serialization .
trim leading blank lines .
review the transfer operations associated with a transfer job .
run command using subprocess . popen .
use sel _ list to select a list of functions to display .
set up the bom weather platform .
close everything and exit nicely
general plugin initialization .
returns a backend by name .
returns the slug arg defined for the home urlpattern , which is the definitive source of the url field defined for an editable homepage object .
verify that a package is not installed , calling pkg . purge if necessary to purge the package .
setup the raspberry pi gpio component .
setup the firetv platform .
returns the given html with given tags removed .
get a random slice of items from qs of size limit .
compute periodogram from data x , using prewhitening , smoothing and recoloring .
this function truncates digests that are longer than a given ds keys length so they can be signed .
add any defined default value for missing document fields .
method that creates / deletes issues depending whether they exist and the state desired
helper function to validate tags are correct
return change over time for the requested metric
gets subproject name based on slug .
checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store date and time formats .
create and install loggers
ensures that the user does not exist , eventually delete user .
multiply elementwise two matrices , at least one of which is sparse .
places a corrupt copy of ironpython . dll in dlls .
find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
run woodhouse example
remove leading whitespace and newlines from a text and maybe elide it .
creates a logout url .
take a complex param _ map that can reference parameters by step _ id in the new flexible way or in the old one - parameter per tep fashion or by tool id and normalize the parameters so everything is referenced by a numeric step id .
retrieves the show global variables from the minion .
generate a biom table from an otu map
initialize the module as appropriate for nt
load all the sentences from a list of json files and return a list
return the first configured instance .
given an id for obj , write str and return it .
obscures the input string by replacing all but the last 4 characters in the string with the character * .
escape any invalid characters in http url , and uppercase all escapes .
remove a user from the group . .
deletes files or directories .
get an attribute of an object .
create a temporary file
awards badges based upon the number of courses a user has completed .
stacking fast path for csr / csc matrices ( i ) vstack for csr , hstack for csc .
return version and platform info .
print the relation in clausal form .
implements the main method running this smoke test .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , with a sample of
return list of physical _ constant keys containing a given string .
decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots
similar to smart _ text , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
generate pseudorandom number .
converts list of dicts to a list of streams , validating input in the process
trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars .
retrieves the registry root in use by python .
get the zonefile metadata
define a callback debug function to get all the debug messages .
internal function to query solrcloud
get the subtitle path using the video _ path and language .
unify operations between two compared strings seqm is a difflib . sequencematcher instance whose a & b are strings
tokenizes a given text into words , applying filters and lemmatizing them .
handle uncaught exceptions
function to approve a report
always sorts upper case letter before lower case
add a watch for the given path to the inotify file descriptor , and return the watch descriptor .
in the case that a corrupt file is found , move it to a quarantined area to allow replication to fix it .
if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input .
read messages from a gettext po file from the given file - like object and return a catalog .
return a list of the sites user accounts .
read the hc file to get the hpi info and to prepare for coord trans .
ensure tool contains at least one valid citation .
returns a json array of current comments for a file attachment .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
remove unnecessary whitespace characters .
parse multi dot - separated argument into dict .
get profile sequence .
test for proportions based on chisquare test
return a digital slepian window .
return true if the provided hostname is a valid hostname
shutdown windows system , never returns
unsubscribe a query .
return a human readable representation of the provided size .
parse a file into a dom from a string .
find a xml element via xpath and extract its text .
denoise image using bilateral filter .
displays command schema to stdout and exit program
restful crud operations for a course asset .
return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain
build a sparse matrix from sparse sub - blocks
set permissions for the given path
build an ls line for a file .
determine the set of sass directories to be compiled for the specified list of system and theme and return a list of those directories .
lookup an a record for a given * name * .
refreshes quota usage for the given resource .
find any svn : externals directories
displays all objects a user is subscribed to
add lowess line to a plot .
copy a pair of little - endian doubles between files , truncating significands .
get the recommendation for the resume section .
approve the files waiting for review .
decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function .
generate strongly connected components as subgraphs .
encode a folder name using imap modified utf - 7 encoding .
create a style instance from a dictionary or other mapping .
get the version of currently installed jdk .
replaces space character ( ) with a pound character ( # ) followed by a random string and a new line (
its named app for historical reasons , but it obj can be either a
fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
get the latest available wheel version for the specified package source .
return a representation of the given stack .
build executable using guidata . disthelpers
generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map , to be used with a mapadapters generate _ javascript method .
apev2 tag value factory .
return list of static and shared modules
generator that generates all possible tuples combining elements from sequence iter _ a and iter _ b .
inverse of escape .
returns a semaphore object
api endpoint for getting progress data on downloads .
register a vm
return intensity limits , i . e . tuple , of the images dtype .
make sure the locale is enabled on sumo .
split a unicode or bytes string according to shell lexing rules .
command line execution entry point for post - processing outputs .
person controller for ajax requests
run the windows salt restart task
get default security value from hadoop
convert a config dict to yaml
factory to make an abstract dist object .
check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace
prints colors and styles to the terminal uses ansi escape sequences .
generic weekly archive view .
check if input unicode is combining diacritical mark .
parse the selinux line
test setting up volume source spaces
fill the inset file or gcode text .
deletes a model
retrieve all of the files on the master and cache them locally
sanity - check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz
returns the 5 - digit dtc code from hex encoding
assign access permissions to owner group
decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
remove jobs from the queue .
cancel a background job .
upload image data to specified store .
return iokit _ registry information from osquery
stop the reactor and join the reactor thread until it stops .
checks for required header fields , appends to errors if not found header : list of header strings errors : list of errors sample _ id _ ix : index of sampleid in header desc _ ix : index of description in header bc _ ix : index of barcodesequence in header linker _ primer _ ix : index of linkerprimersequence in header
return a list of paths to all modules below the given directory .
return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes .
load named plugins from the current working _ set into the supplied build _ configuration " loading " a plugin here refers to calling registration methods - - it is assumed each plugin is already on the path and an error will be thrown if it is not .
return true if ipv6 is supported on this platform .
delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in .
create an entry of block device mapping .
construct a snappy message containing multiple messages
return the folders that are recommended for the given filenames .
utility stuff to convert string , int , float , none or anything to a usable tuple .
returns tsv representation of dataset .
yield all registered review board authentication backends .
gets the scatter property for an object .
set the given properties on a backup and update it .
runs op on each table listed in - - tables .
obtain uptime string from show version output
get a server by name or id .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
search the online astropy documentation for the given query .
determine whether there are pending updates that require a reboot .
configure the default output state to push its document to a session on a bokeh server .
do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server !
converts an integer to its ordinal as a string .
check to see if microsoft update is enabled
make a signed jwt .
internal cassandra nodetool wrapper .
gets the preferred channels safe for work status , or the current channels status if no channel given .
returns the filesystem encoding that should be used .
safely extract a given zip file to a path .
delete the temporal directory that is created when executing the tests
quote an iterable of command - line arguments for passing to createprocess or a similar api .
args is the list of arguments that will be passed to the option parser .
invert a dictionary with unique values into a dictionary with pairs flipped .
case - insensitive version of glob .
returns the processed html of a standard reply with the given doc
ensure user account is absent name : string username
parse an extraction method mapping from a file - like object .
call the correct dialect - specific upgrade .
function to create a dynamic image serving stub .
enable library wide debugging to a file - like object .
return a list of available compression methods .
find all ips for this machine .
fake for methods / functions that are not implemented in the production environment .
chunk part of a covariance or correlation computation
transform the vector3 by a matrix .
picks up mount point information about the machine mounts .
makes sure the result pointer is valid .
special method to run commit existing value methods
create and return a gateway socket , if one is needed .
create a mysql database .
assemble a javascript file and a function call .
register a transfer function for alternative targets .
converts a string to an integer according to the locale settings .
equivalent to makeargb
only load if gem module is available in _ _ salt _ _
fill in the provider _ slug to be the same as backend _ name for backwards compatability .
add a firewall rule at the provider level .
retrieve the status of the prng
get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
revert configuration the specified number of checkpoints .
creates a client for working with queues .
iterate over the trees in a nexml file handle .
long line candle
returns a cache key based on the request path .
retrieves a document and returns its children in a json structure
helper for quickly disabling all urllib3 warnings .
returns the parent and child elements from xpath .
get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path .
returns the rendered view of a given xblock , with related resources
returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary .
dump the model fields for debugging .
decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
send email using backend specified in email _ backend .
populates a template variable with the drilldown tree for a given node , optionally counting the number of items associated with its children .
get all services .
locate a file name , anywhere on the search path .
updates context dictionary with course info .
return given functions positional and key value arguments as an ordered dictionary .
test plotting of ica panel .
checks the limit on number of docs to score or sort is not too large .
returns the standard deviation of the given list of values .
set up the insteon local switch platform .
parse the header into a key - value .
decorate a method memoize its return value .
restful crud controller for twilio sms channels - appears in the administration menu
return string as a comment
show status of all firewall rule sets .
creates a generic directed graph for depencency tree and fills it with basic context variables
launch the kcachegrind on profiling _ data profiling _ data can either be : - a pstats . stats instance - the filename of a pstats . stats dump - the result of a call to cprofile . profile . getstats ( )
generate a unique password for each student .
returns a list of lists with elements from lst grouped in blocks of n elements .
create a fake mldata data set .
decode a sequence of pem blocks into a list of bytearrays .
return the total number of asserts per second
a naive single threadblock sum reduction
helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file .
creates an empty file .
runs psql and returns a csvreader object from the query
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
init _ declarator : declarator
time - dependent annealed gaussian noise function from the paper : adding gradient noise improves learning for very deep networks _ .
get the sheet thickness .
list the modules loaded on the minion . .
returns true if the instance is in one of the resizing states .
unzips an archive into a temporary directory
new - return a new hashing object using the named algorithm ; optionally initialized with data .
compute the crt % p value from rsa primes p and q .
returns the closest title matches for front - end autosuggests
atom : number | string
return the object corresponding to expression evaluated in a namespace spanning sys . modules and _ _ main . dict _ _ .
checks if the input dictionary of users is valid .
generic object - creation function .
set the given properties on an instance and update it .
checks a function that returns an ogr envelope by reference .
return true if a is backed by some mmap buffer directly or not .
create an rds subnet group
do the put .
assert a ! = b , with repr messaging on failure .
generates random names .
returns the model item that corresponds to the selected qlistwidget row .
construct a dictionary of data that can be stored in zendesk custom fields .
draw a box with the corners cut off .
modify complete section 9 . 3 . 14
return all unique values of localhost in order of preference
given a indexer _ id , return a list of all the scene exceptions .
enhances an xmlstream for iq response tracking .
transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation
compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified rank using random matrix - vector multiplication .
transform the vector3s by a matrix .
return the pants global config directory .
render the footer as html .
render the financial assistance application form page .
initialize new configuration directory .
expands directories and globs in given path .
find program in path and return absolute path
partial function application
get a particular equalizer band frequency .
add the given overlay from the cached remote list to your locally installed overlays .
try to find out if language actually exists
determine if the segment overlaps within x .
builds spec for the detach of an already existing virtual disk from vm .
renew a certificate lineage .
compute a generalized dot product over provided axes .
returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f : file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f : f1 . txt f2 . txt f3 . txt f _ combined . txt f1 . log f2 . log f3 . log f _ combined . log f1 _ failures . txt f2 _ failures . txt f3 _ failures . txt f _ failires . txt
redirects the user back to the page they were viewing or to a specified endpoint .
return topology related to input request .
format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic _ edit template
return the method resolution order for cls - - i . e . , a list containing cls and all its base classes , in the order in which they would be checked by getattr .
register language support with the manager .
given a course _ id and thread _ id , toggle the status of this thread ajax only
bresenham line algorithm adapted for 3d .
return a new no _ content httpresponse object .
pip install the requirements file .
returns a json with a tasks public instance variables .
assigns given user to page , and gives him requested permissions .
perform dbscan clustering from vector array or distance matrix .
concatenate certificates from namecheap in the correct order .
inverse of _ parse _ header .
strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
read the meta of the media .
create a pipeline api object from a blaze expression .
show the details of a floating ip . .
send email notification to given user .
given a string , return a truncated version of the string such that the utf8 encoding of the string is smaller than the given limit .
return whether the given filename is an extension module .
insert a rule into the specified table & chain , at the specified position .
state to update the firmware on host using the racadm command firmwarefile filename starting with salt : / / host string representing the hostname supplied to the racadm command directory
this function will return the values contained , for each node in a network , given an input key .
perform a median filter on an n - dimensional array .
construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests .
kurtosis is fourth central moment / variance * * 2 - 3
ensure floating ip forwarding rule .
register msgpack serializer .
returns a decorator that runs an ssh server during function execution .
byte - compile a collection of python source files to . pyc files in a _ _ pycache _ _ subdirectory .
convert a : py : class : datetime . timedelta to a number of seconds .
the noop function .
create a standard or docked interactive window unconditionally
computes the exponential pdf .
given a mapi type flag , return a string description of the type
reset warning behavior to testing defaults .
set node location information recursively .
adds / updates sailthru when a user email address is changed
get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response .
allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit _ conn _ zone
perform a pivoting step .
unplug any instance vdis left after an unclean restart .
removes a source of messages from the event log .
assign and persist a simple sysctl parameter for this minion
calculate style loss between style _ image and target _ image , for one common region specified by their masks
find the absolute number for a show episode
returns an array whose entries are the names of the enums constants .
folder edit page
docstring for plot _ test
test intervals against those published in gehrels 1986
get installed state of packages
translates esprima syntax tree to python by delegating to appropriate translating node
get repo environment overrides dictionary to use in repo options process env
bitcast a double into a 64 - bit integer .
uploads the pyspark file in this directory to the configured input bucket .
provides the unicode string for the given ascii bytes .
deform the image .
generate edges for each line in geom
reverse of str _ to _ datetime .
returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source [ start ] is followed by some optional white space and brackets .
looks up the given name in the scene _ names table in cache . db .
serialize crypto meta to a form suitable for including in a header value .
archive the exam attempt when the item is about to be deleted
no file on filesystem .
send a bunch of messages on a push socket
catch threading errors such as " error : cant start new thread " and handle them in a specific way
trace the parent hierarchy from a given problem to find all blocks that correspond to graded assignment launches for this user .
return the value to be written in a writeregisterrequest packet .
print * args if sympy _ debug is true , else do nothing .
reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx , sample _ names .
for some strange reason , sometimes sqlobject wants utf8 strings instead of unicode ; with sqlalchemy we just return the unicode text .
check whether there is enough space for extract packages
read the head shape .
retrieve a file via ftp
computes pairwise similarity matrix .
perform a binary replacement of data , where the placeholder a is replaced with b and the remaining string is padded with null characters .
get connected paths from paths .
return columns based on filters
set up the libcloud functions and check for openstack configurations
verify that the columns of events can be used by a
ellipsoidal harmonic functions f ^ p _ n ( l )
try to delete uploaded files from the target
return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser .
skip an executing test with the given message .
dump error message and exit .
returns the bin directory path
helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors .
finds the first root of f ( x ) to the left of 0 .
load all the settings necessary before loading the ui , and start ide .
searches the config . txt for specific settings and returns the values when they are found .
implements numpys isclose on tensors .
temporarily re - enable intepreter mode
create an x11 tunnel from node : 6000 to the root host display : display on root host returns : node $ display , popen object for tunnel
raises a ~ astropy . io . votable . exceptions . votablespecerror if year * is not a valid astronomical year as defined by the votable standard .
create a recliststore and rectreeview and return them .
get the configuration that was uploaded with this version .
return the password to use for a vm .
retrieve all the information we need to determine the users group .
compose 2 callables
extract a documentation that starts at given beginning with continuous layout .
this function analyzes if two urls are variants .
delete block storage device
return the current project data dir , creating it if it doesnt exist
check that methods do not have the testtools . skip decorator
returns files that end with the given extension from a list of file names .
hannan - quinn information criterion
decorator to make a repr function return fillvalue for a recursive call
list all outputs in segment _ info format
create a new blowfish cipher
returns the number of original observations that correspond to a condensed distance matrix .
like a detail page , manually review a single theme if it is pending and isnt locked .
endian - swap each word in source bitstring
safely evaluate an expression node or a string containing a python expression .
verify if sync variable contains a value in make . conf
fixture providing a commanddispatcher and a fake tabbedbrowser .
create a task based on xml .
check to see if an rds option group exists .
get a list of matplotlib figures by figure numbers .
a toy calculator prompt for interactive computations .
download weekly bars from yahoo ! finance for a given year .
reads non - whitespace characters and returns them .
get the memory currently used by this python process , in m .
display information about the repo .
adds a message with the warning level .
returns the size of the logs buffer , in bytes .
delete all activation keys from spacewalk
prefixes a username w / o a backslash with the computername
make a docx for use in other docx tests
return a pair of locks :
checks if we are running on windows .
helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
return nvram information from osquery
add error codes to the error enumeration .
encode a port range range ( port _ max & ~ , port _ max + 1 ) into a set of bit value / masks .
a fixture that can be used by client tests that require a hub .
initialize session object .
calculates the medcouple robust measure of skew .
quote that makes sure text cant escape a comment
fill record with vm status information .
call the vision api on a file and index the results .
building a dqn .
run httpie and capture stderr / out and exit status .
load an one unit po file
return html code for a nice representation of true / false .
decorate all the views in the passed urlpatterns list with the given decorator
reorder the plugins according the order parameter
make sure virtualenv is in the path .
creates the default settings .
activate a user account .
contacts by type
notifications for other items
runge - kutta 4th order numerical method .
return a formatted diff between current file and original in a package .
module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification .
verify that object is not an instance of expected
removes the broken symbolic links
add a path based resolver for the given tag .
normalize ( ) returns a tuple ; this returns another valid host string .
generate a random sample of rois comprising foreground and background examples .
if the task is assigned to someone then notify them
provide data for the corresponding cohort management section
given edges sparse matrix , create connectivity matrix .
set all classes in a module derived from c { baseclass } as copiers for a corresponding remote class .
searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
checks for horizontal spacing around parentheses .
compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method .
create import record in db
a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation .
make sure that for urls with xblock resource url , which start with / static / , we dont rewrite them .
multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
retrieves the deployment id for this appscale deployment .
decodes post task payload .
test un - called symlognorm in a colorbar .
return a list of virtual machine names on the minion
extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . model class .
launch the cherry - pick dialog .
creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . argv
default template context processor .
prints a pretty representation of the mathml code for expr
returns debugging context around a line in a given string
show all repositories
ensure that a file does not exist .
returns an error message combining prefix and status . error _ detail ( ) .
validate a new user name .
adadelta update rule , mostly from URL # ! topic / pylearn - dev / 3qbktcumaw4
connect to specific aws region .
generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies .
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
restart the specified service with rest _ sample . .
single transaction view page
this is a helper function for easily request input from the caller .
generate one of the two sequences that generated a delta .
checks whether it is possible to create new user .
returns 8 - bit string representation of the supplied utf - 8 value > > > utf8encode foobar
directly call a function inside a loader directory
format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing .
difference of n between self , analagoust to s - s . shift ( n )
sets up logging and associated handlers .
return the data needed to create the server main ui
detect if the given function node is decorated with a property .
parse an imap4 internaldate string .
given a list of snippets , ask the user which one they want to use , and return it .
translate the message model to a dict .
given an event , parse the " event " field as a json string .
parameters x : np . ndarray int in domain { 0 , . . . , k - 1 } logits : np . ndarray
simplify and combine cg coefficients
given a course and comment id , flag comment for abuse ajax only
connect to amazon cognito identity
send a notification about server group update .
retrieve all the service disco configs and return their conf dicts
expand ~ and ~ user constructions .
looks to see if fmadm is present on the system
checks user authentication using http basic auth .
create new data source .
get the matroska specs
change the groups to which a user belongs name
replace each line break with a single space
verify that python is installed , install if unavailable
return the offsets of the tokens in * s * , as a sequence of tuples , by splitting the string at each successive match of * regexp * .
compute the total volume of an inventory item
return high - pass qmf filter from low - pass
unpack multiple sets zips of zip files from workdir to workdir _ complete .
grab a lock on job : table _ sizes and call runonce .
builds a punkt model and applies it to the same text
finds the middle - most value of v
redirect to the list of problems for the group - used for a tab
get the configuration of the device tree at the given path
start and enable a service .
checks if a string is a valid ipv4 address .
loads cifar10 dataset .
split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
compute a definite integral using fixed - tolerance gaussian quadrature .
if the image is taller than it is wide , square it off .
return strategy module name .
updates the message as stored in the to _ dict cache .
restful crud controller
list cloud provider data for all providers
lookup an aaaa record for a given * name * .
deletes a queue in the region .
this function is useful to build alignment according to the frameshift detected by _ check _ corr .
instead of performing bulk delete , collect blob names deleted .
ensure the named grafana dashboard is deleted .
return the gravatar image for the given email address .
get a permalink url
removes metadata keys and values specified in meta , if any .
this function checks if the url content is stable requesting the same page two times with a small delay within each request to assume that it is stable .
read application / x - www - form - urlencoded data into entity . params .
make sure that include _ names is applied before exclude _ names if both are specified .
clear root modules database
compute singular values of * a * .
check if a provided pack exists in one of the pack paths .
return an absolute path .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
helper function compiles a * . cs file .
determines the version of pi currently being used
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
scatters tensor across multiple gpus .
convert a list into a comma separated string , for displaying select multiple values in emails .
pack the data suitable for sending in a channel _ open packet .
this always seems like such a hack , however , there are some characters that we cant deal with properly so this function just removes them from the text passed in .
drop flags that are problematic for compiling old scipy versions
struct _ declaration _ list : struct _ declaration _ list struct _ declaration
make sure all packages are up to date .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
return the fully qualified name of a module , class , method or function .
register the data with the blueprint .
generates the series of links to the pages in a paginated list .
this is just a test function , to make sure parsing works
likelihood function for ml method .
get a list of edit / new / list urls for an object type with standardized urls and names .
get the evaluated dictionary .
expand ~ - style usernames in strings .
return the list of blocks to display on the course info page , sorted by date .
to stop / power off a vm using its name
strips matching suffix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
expected inclusion _ only _ unlimited _ args _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
return the dagger of a sympy / numpy / scipy . sparse matrix .
custom handler for 401 error
galois field multiplicaiton for aes
checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates
iterate over repositories starred by username .
add the - - progress flag to the given kwargs dict if supported by the git command .
return the last time , in milliseconds , when the given exploration was updated by a human .
require the list of locales to be available .
determine if a square around the x and y pixel coordinates is occupied .
gets the actual due date for the logged in student for this node , returning the extendeded due date if one has been granted and it is later than the global due date , otherwise returning the global due date for the unit .
function to wrap calls to make actions on firewalld in try / except logic and emit useful error messages
add attribute word and remainder if the word starts with a dot , otherwise add the word .
get a network domain object by its name
this is a console - based implementation of os . pread ( ) for windows .
decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests
decode compressed / charset http response
returns a list of unpack methods .
bokeh - internal function to check callback signature
implements pbkdf2 as defined in rfc 2898 , section 5 . 2
get all available regions for the aws datapipeline service .
read cs _ lsm _ info tag from file and return as numpy . rec . array .
return the version of libzmq as a string
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
performs batch normalization of the given inputs , using the mean and variance of the inputs .
escalate questions needing attention .
take a list of dicts and create a new one containing just the values for the key with unique values if requested .
makes a suite from a module .
simple dedent formatter that also strips text
convert native list * val * to a list object .
returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
set version facts .
check if the directory is configured in the system path
convert a content - range header into a length for the response .
returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled , otherwise returns false .
swap system memory as a tuple .
moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters by matching quantiles , defines as many moment conditions as quantiles .
return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored .
initialize client object based on given version .
loads and renders an email subject template , returning the subject string .
move a file to a new path , optionally give unique filename
dynamically define a twill shell command function based on an imported function name .
strips the html tags off of the text to return plaintext
abruptness negative abruptness : speed up down up zero abruptness : no effect positive abruptness : speed down up down soonness for positive abruptness , determines how soon the speedup occurs
parse a detailed signal name into .
removes the unreferenced id attributes .
set up tests for when theres a save error in the underlying keyvaluestore
restart service via monit
return the n - dimensional hypercube .
checks if the vlan _ interface exists on the esx host .
returns the hostname contained in a url
return a l { dict } of l { os . environ } where all text - strings are encoded into
remove search options that are not valid for non - admin api / context .
tickets filtered by status
get radius complex for elementnode .
parses a gff / gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name - value pairs .
setup the lanestack lane _ stack and remoteyard lane _ remote _ yard global
convert c to an rgb color , silently dropping the alpha channel .
update the leases configuration in the persistence service .
takes an int and returns the number formatted as a hex string .
get a string list of all widgets .
compile a source file or project with the android ndk .
minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
parses a duration string and returns a datetime . timedelta .
get list of requirements required for installation .
create an invitation along with its dependencies
determine if server is using rackconnectv3 or not
utility function to linearly scale array d to the interval defined by lim
extract a source archive into builddir .
registers a flag whose value can be a list of any strings .
computes odds for a given probability .
isolate real roots of a list of square - free polynomial using vincent - akritas - strzebonski cf approach .
return subclasses of cls in the numpy scalar hierarchy .
stop following a group .
parse and validate content - range header .
returns a list of k clusters , where each cluster is a list of vectors .
creates an oozie action from a jobsub design
list table names in a given schema
conditional random expression
similar to queue _ tabnav , but for themes .
retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary .
performs the given query on a set of in - memory results .
compare two files .
hdmi _ edid _ file needs hdmi _ force _ hotplug but hdmi _ force _ hotplug doesnt need hdmi _ edid _ file
constructs an implementation of interface that calls the corresponding method on implementation twice for every call to a method .
returns special char for quote .
renders the storage account details .
only work when letsencrypt - auto is installed
turns an rgb color into a qt compatible color integer .
display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
add brick ( s ) to an existing volume name
draw a box to mark the location of an area represented by an inset axes .
make a compatible version of pip importable .
do any work necessary to prepare a jid , including sending a custom id
determine whether the i { sigchld } handler is the default or not .
add a trailing slash to c { request } s uri .
receive python object over network .
bootstrap in local
returns an integer corresponding to the status of a file import .
get split words for evaluators .
yield weighted edge triples for use by networkx from a csr matrix .
lagrangian of a multibody system .
prepare special cov estimators .
render the templates and saves them to files .
build up the certificate web view context using the provided values
destroy a node .
extract the metadata from a module
test a user starting to follow a group via the api .
make a dictionary from a distributed polynomial .
decoder for deserializing numpy data types .
check that the steps of a and b are both 1 .
add the path index of the closest segment found toward the second segment .
return true if the engine services are running
create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors .
returns a nested tuple representation of the given tree .
fetch data for blob - - async version .
test listing a backup - list latest on an empty prefix .
test if w is a valid weight vector .
preprocesses the given image for training .
generate kernel _ arg _ addr _ space metadata
returns the placeholder configuration for a given setting .
servicerecord delete page
generate a url at which the user will login and be redirected back .
receives raw socket data and attempts to turn it into a frame .
extracts all translatable strings from app . js files
in order to detect potential command injection methods , well use shlex to parse the input as a shell script , and look for indications of additional commands .
wraps execute calls for unmouting a quobyte volume
returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers
get gcode lines with distance variable added .
parses a query string like parse _ querystring , but returns a multidict
show all regexp lists
generate a corner link .
a helper function that is used by format _ number and format _ by _ pattern .
move a file from source to destination
returns whether the value contains explicit null value > > > isnullvalue
helper function to do the repository update .
build a tool tag manager according to apps configuration and return it .
returns a copy of with zero - filled padding around the margins .
convert a time expressed in the pain text data files , to the episode dated . . . format used on the web site ; if fromptdftoweb is false , the inverted conversion is applied .
get the intersection of the xintersections tables .
call func later , but if func is a bound method then make the reference it holds to object be a weak reference .
prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum .
given a datasource , generates a dictionary that may be used for invoking the layermapping utility .
a serializable is a way to define dynamic serializable fields that are derived from other fields .
breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects .
logs a friendly greeting to person given as argument
returns a cache key for the header cache .
synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server
parse from html to markdown .
split a path into segments and perform a sanity check .
detach a volume from an instance
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
finds participants without elsewhere account attached having non zero outstanding tip
parse the machine string user : pass @ host # profile : port and return it separately , if the machine string is not complete , use the default parameters when appropriate .
collect terms by substitution of dummy variables .
returns the network and subnet mask of a cidr addr . .
ask for a color
request the service to build a zip file of all of a users conversations and associated photos .
returns a getter property with cascading setter , for hspfragment objects .
minimize a scalar function of one or more variables using the l - bfgs - b algorithm .
generate a certificate given a certificate request .
return the path of a single conf file .
write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings .
compute current - flow betweenness centrality for edges .
checks that download _ file gives a urlerror and not an attributeerror , as its code pathway involves some fiddling with the exception .
consumes an iterable without doing anything with it .
return the host and port to bind to .
parse a query given as a string argument .
mark an endpoint as exempt from csrf prevention checks
save a modified document
quietly shuts down a socket without throwing an exception .
encode a string using base64 .
return a list of arrays that can initialize np . random . randomstate .
resets the set of nolint suppressions to empty .
return a path relative to colas installation prefix
return radicale item name from path .
set and retrieve the value of self . headers [ header ]
validate that a username is not a url .
setup configuration for database
find the vcvarsall . bat file
flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list .
generate circular labels in source space with region growing .
convert chunk to string .
add edge pair to the edge pair table .
returns widgets class name in lowercase
encode replaygain gain / peak values as a sound check string .
seq1 and seq2 are either none or sequences or numerix arrays
given list of entity keys , return entity kind .
quote text for inserting into a shell
return an iterator of l { ireactorinstaller } plugins .
translates a python data type into a string format .
replace reg _ values with defined register numbers
compute a per - sample index
sets livestreamer options .
images resource factory method
resource header for assets
get the evaluated value .
output the - - list data structure as json
return virtual memory value for the given pid using the / proc filesystem .
loads mnist files into 3d numpy arrays
unpacks a url of the form protocol : / / [ username [ : pw ] ] @ hostname [ : port ] / db / collection
a version of pythons urllib . quote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
delete the named sysv service from the system .
setup the logger component .
create a summary table for the parameters
returns the text after currentcolumn .
given a uri , return the store object that would handle operations on the uri .
check for user verification status .
provided only as a backward - compatible wrapper around . sshconfig .
checks for a c - style cast by looking for the pattern .
sort plot data , labels , and colors .
check for two consecutive operations that are functional inverses and remove them from the function graph .
test making a bem solution from python with i / o
validates error statuses .
creates a mock egg with a list of resources .
map cinder qos spec to limit / throughput - value as used in client api .
convert windows 64 - bit duration to string .
merge the given list of hunks , returning a new memoryhunk object .
detects whether the given path is browsable i . e . is within the allowed repository folders .
print a list of available dns domains .
flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
finds elements in only one or the other of two , sorted input lists .
a view decorator that adds the specified headers to the vary header of the response .
returns evaluation criterias and their weightage from course master .
helper function to get application url from pillar
format wiki data for project settings page
filter config parsed from a setup . cfg to inject our defaults .
prepare metadata dictionary for path substitution , based on file name , the tags stored within it and release info from the db .
move a tree of pages
close a figure window .
escape html special characters in string
this function is rather inscrutable .
returns a dict of old license ids , keyed by package _ revision id .
monkey - patch the options class .
vulnerability resource headers
save updated feed into path provided as argument .
ensure rds replica exists .
return a safe literal string for a solr query .
converts integrityerror into http 409 conflict .
multidimensional simple problem .
create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file
for a list of packages , find the package _ data
localize common attributes : label and description
return a dom representation of the string .
returns information for all issues in a given repository , based on the search options .
construct a message
returns a json string containing a json boutiques description of a nipype interface .
accumulate all attributes of a given name in a class hierarchy into a single dictionary .
returns md5sum of file
sets property hidden = 1 in * * desktop icon * * for given user .
connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments .
find the unix socket for mysql by scanning some known locations .
internal helper to extract the default arguments , by name .
returns the usage key of the discussion xblock associated with discussion _ id if it is cached .
a nicer version of sudo that uses getpass to ask for a password , or allows the first argument to be a string password
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , uid , a recordset of model self , context as parameters .
load the star98 data and returns a dataset class instance .
returns the string s surrounded by shell metacharacters to display it with the given color and optionally bolded .
call some user
use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with
prints out a blobs metadata .
recursively calculate disk usage of path and return it in bytes
return the current hostname .
creates an oauthtoken and sets token key and scopes from url .
return a view if copy is false , but need to be very careful as the result shape could change !
return all metrics
return a list of the path components in path .
return dictionary of predecessors in depth - first - search from source .
create an rdataset with the specified ttl , and with the specified rdata objects .
ping subsets of size chunksize in net of size netsize
perform a few cleanup routines on a classification network
read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok , pass values to config - database
transform a cms page into a navigation node .
return a svg rendering of the scene contents .
set / get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels .
continuous wavelet transform .
permanently delete a static address .
confine this module to mac os with homebrew .
get the default fill value for dtype .
construct a patch request .
parse emails and save activity log entry .
parse the subscripts for a primitive category
triage an meg pick type .
iterator over isolates in the graph .
extract a partition from a list of tuples this should be correctly called select largest disjoint sets .
allows the user to display all the data from the selected question in a simple chart .
return a string with the date in the format yyyymmdd
remove items from a dictionary .
print to gtkmathview , a gtk widget capable of rendering mathml .
return the university name specified for the domain , or none if no university was specified
fetch translations from transifex , wrap long lines , generate mo files .
fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
this takes a dictionary of volume definitions and returns a valid ec2 volume definition based on the host _ type and the values in the dictionary .
get the accessible attribute .
return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed .
decode a bson double to python float .
return a datetime object from a string .
returns a list of all services on the system .
return the type of a bankcard based on its card _ number .
internet gateway delete
return true iff variables var1 and var2 perform the same computation .
returns name of a enum member with a given value > > > enumvaluetonamelookup last
return the currently active request or none if no request is currently active .
tests if the sag regressor is computed correctly
if the training is created from a training event , then auto - populate the fields from that
returns random integer value with provided number of digits > > > random . seed ( 0 ) > > > randomint ( 6 ) 874254
download link url into temp _ dir using provided session
import a class from a module .
generate the " friedman # 1 " regression problem
creates external account for dataverse with fields populated the same way as dataverse _ add _ user _ account
parse a fragment of a document from a string , given the context from which it was originally extracted .
install flocker package on ubuntu .
takes file like obj and returns for the pe subsystem .
install setuptools from scratch using installer
dimitem : id lparen integer rparen
emulator of l { socket . inet _ pton } .
generate coordinates for a ridge line .
returns true if and only if minc is * not * installed .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
stop watching ready - for - l10n revisions for a given product .
update system settings
custom report to list all open requests for items that fema can supply
run init _ instance hooks .
extract all data buffers from the list of glir commands , and replace them by buffer pointers { buffer : } .
return the class in model _ module that has the same name as the received string .
launches the help - > about dialog
build an expected frequency matrix exp _ freq _ table : should be a freqtable instance
simplify the solution procedure of diophantine equation eq by converting it into a product of terms which should equal zero .
fastprint ( ) is just an alias to puts ( )
iterate through all of the test cases in c { testsuiteorcase } .
test for mean based on normal distribution , one or two samples
derivative of logistic sigmoid .
renders events based on the current time and interval available via vf _ time .
returns a checkpoint label string for the given model checkpoint directory checkpointdir : relative or absolute model checkpoint directory path
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure or from locations inferred from the staticfiles finders .
create a new des cipher
generate signed url to provide query - string authn to a resource .
oxford net vgg 11 - layers version a example .
change the gid for a named group
get the widened loop .
decorate a function with a threading lock and prevent reentrant calls .
check if specified network interface is available .
implements unicode - safe truncation and trims whitespace for a given input string , number or unicode string .
creates map of field name to type list from document _ pb . fieldtypes list .
returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
returns value of given child _ node .
generates random transaction cookie .
get the complex .
create a flow from a clientsecrets file .
loads a plugin from the same directory as the calling plugin .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
check for the necessary fs environment variables
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise name
return a sql where clause from list with clauses and values
return the information of the named package ( s ) , installed on the system .
search for pattern in the cdp data
write a numpy array as a wav file .
returns value of uncorrelated gaussians at given scalar point .
set a wsdl type with wsdl namespace and wsdl name .
associate dhcp option invalid vpc id
return or raise an exception : sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer
start a " service " on the ssh server . .
creates an executable file in the given location .
returns the binary inverse of value .
create a technical 404 error response .
disable all beaconsd jobs on the minion
return apt _ sources information from osquery
helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions for html , given a tag name .
simple function to return value from xml
find the binary dependencies of pth .
return the normalized interface name
simple html page
load a source file and run a sample from it .
print the versions for bokeh and the current python and os .
only load this module if the mysql libraries exist
generate a string containing all valid chars as defined by characters
compute a spectrogram with consecutive fourier transforms .
deletes a table or a set of records from the datastore .
find out if a particular event is configured with a default sound
a move is sensible if it is legal and if it does not fill the current _ players own eye
return if the test suite should fail if a @ expectedfailure unittest test passes .
import a module .
return a dict of the changes required for a user if the user is present , otherwise return false .
generates credits data for given component .
add url routes to flask / werkzeug lookup table .
return a topojson transform dictionary and a point - transforming function .
checks if an nginx parsed entry is an include directive .
execute a salt cloud map file
remove a value from cxxflags variable in the make . conf
walk over the message tree , yielding each subpart .
formstyle for foundation 5 themes : URL - labels beside the inputs
outputs a last - modified header for datetime .
renders the home page .
this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date .
start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 .
find the n smallest elements in a dataset .
find the differing character between strings .
get the exported version of a gcode file .
create an index file for pip .
waits for a volume to have a new volume type .
determines whether an ip address falls within one of the private ip ranges
grant access to auto - mounted shared folders to the users .
delete a computenode record .
this polls the child program until it finishes executing .
converts im to file , applies tesseract , and fetches resulting text .
read the bem surfaces from a fif file .
given a url , return a parsed : class : . url namedtuple .
make a web call to stormpath . .
convert a 4 - char value to integer .
render the latex math expression * math * using latex and dvipng .
load the mathjax script template from file , and render with the settings
checks whether user can translate given translation .
adds a user to the course creator table with status unrequested .
a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington
this function converts a date to a month number by flooring to the nearest 12th of a year .
create an action execution .
release a title description .
return the days the certificate in cert _ file remains valid and - 1 if the file was not found .
given the name of a tk named font , returns a font representation .
returns the function defined over the left - side pieces for a bspline of a given order .
determine whether the item should be transcoded as part of conversion .
find languages in the string
return a tuple containing .
context - manager that selects a given stream .
returns the files modified time as the last - modified date
return the number of reserved ips in the network .
parse stats response from marathon
return unindented function body
train cifar - 10 model .
merge abs generated by local _ abs _ lift when the canonizer dont need it anymore
collect properties for managed objects from a view ref
generic view for extensions .
output the graph for latex .
check if the qt runtime version is the version supplied or newer .
return the growing network digraph with n nodes .
topics ordered by created time .
remove explicit zeros from a sparse matrix , and re - sort indices .
compute an incomplete gamma ratio .
return the sequence ids within the fasta file
return the det ( m ) computed from minors without introducing new nesting in products .
tests that the in - db store and on - disk store match by checking that units match in order .
generate projects list for gitweb .
unpack a 4 - byte integer from the current position in file f
sends a options request .
add a tag to question .
retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file .
tag _ model accepts a number of named parameters : admin _ cls if set to a subclass of modeladmin , will insert the tag field into the list _ display and list _ filter fields .
decorator to support conditional retrieval for a view function .
return possible pac file locations from the standard set of . wpad locations
check if : - we find a cron with same cmd , old state behavior - but also be smart enough to remove states changed crons where we do not removed priorly by a cron . absent by matching on the provided identifier .
helper function to process a value type item and generate the expected string in the registry . pol file element - the element to process reg _ key - the registry key associated with the element reg _ valuename - the registry valuename associated with the element policy - the parent policy element parent _ element - the parent element ( primarily passed in to differentiate children of " elements " objects check _ deleted - if the returned expected string should be for a deleted value this _ element _ value - a specific value to place into the expected string returned for " elements " children whose values are specified by the user
determine guest disk mapping info .
parse mac address string in human readable format into internal representation
get a group object given a name , name and vpc _ id / vpc _ name or group _ id .
find a configuration file using the given hint .
write one instance of the xmlobject .
split the extension from a pathname .
upload asset excel file view
make sure the fastrdb reader works as expected .
casts dense batches to sparse batches .
ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected
ask a question ; return true if the answer is yes , none if cancelled .
find events from raw file .
helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start _ status via transient _ status to end _ status .
test to hit ironpython . hosting . resourcefile .
return information about the openerp server .
iterator of name , value tuples from entity properties .
setup moldindicator sensor .
create an empty certificate revocation list .
correct the given qr code so that the positioning info and timing info are intact
get the pid by trying to access an pid file .
return the targets from the flat yaml file , checks opts for location but defaults to / etc / salt / roster
response processor to set an etag header on outgoing responses .
restful crud controller
test whether a path is a regular file
parses a http proxy uri in the format x : / / a . b . c . d : port = parseproxyuri
returns whether a package is installed or not .
sum of the smallest k values .
get the telemetry data that would be sent .
deletes a single demo collection .
validates the incoming data and raises a invalid exception if anything is out of order .
run cmd in a subprocess and return its output .
only load if the stormpath module is available in _ _ salt _ _
returns all shared variables the given expression ( s ) depend on .
add / make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem .
extract a docstring from a statement or from the first statement in a list .
compares nm with the supplied patterns , and returns true if it matches at least one .
generate a random number in the range [ 0 , 2 * * bits ) .
retrieve the volume id from device _ path .
return a list of all directories on the master
returns the dot product of the given matrices .
returns the posted speed limit for given road segments .
creates receipt data for use in payments .
fetches a django model using the app registry .
return a class attribute given an entity and string name .
converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
checks that first is not in second
check the python source given by c { codestring } for flakes .
this function takes a dn as string as parameter and returns a decomposed dn .
display a dialog asking the user for a filename to save to .
return the list of bucket names initialized in the object store .
get all associated volume types for a given qos _ specs .
check to see if two rules are the same .
convert integer to timedelta , if argument is an integer .
get barycentric position and velocity , and heliocentric position of earth
simple command - line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
get browser name from user agent
format a datetime object .
decorate all the logger methods so all the keys in the extra dictionary are automatically prefixed with an underscore to avoid clashes with standard log record attributes .
context manager for temporary jupyterhub alembic directory
fake version of os . uname .
run cmd without args and grab documentation .
locally aligns reverse primers , trucates or removes seqs fasta _ f : open file of fasta file output _ fp : open filepath to write truncated fasta to reverse _ primers : dictionary of sampleid : reverse primer sequence truncate _ option : either truncate _ only , truncate _ remove primer _ mismatches : number of allowed primer mismatches
check if something that looks like a doi is present anywhere in the string
return sorted list of unique values field takes in mdata .
return whether or not the length of given string is within a specified range .
creates a new floatingip
transforms features by scaling each feature to a given range .
return the help string for a particular api action .
convert a socket . error to connectionfailure and raise it .
angle of rotation and rotation axis for a given rotation matrix .
deletes a file system , permanently severing access to its contents .
return an iterable of all the registered context names .
return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
return the structural similarity map between img1 and img2 .
cygwins ptys are based on pipes .
returns a filtered version of the return value of get _ completed _ exploration _ ids , which only includes explorations found within the current version of the collection .
test the samples update _ viewer function
only work on macos
generate deltas for pack objects .
shows the internet time in swatch beats .
return a standard datetime field
shows an interactive window
renders the url for a particular actor instance
get the mode of the active console input , output , or error buffer .
tests positional inputs using components and various representations .
compute a real nth - root of a sum of surds
generate integer random variables given probabilties useful because it can be used as index into any array or sequence type
uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders .
returns an ordered dictionary of { email : pr _ list }
list the runners loaded on the minion . .
create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog .
try to pick an available ca certificate bundle provided by the os .
get all specification for a given qos _ specs .
renders a progress bar based on parameters passed to the tag .
list all tasks located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
generate a reasonable biostar tag for a tool .
change the amount of channels and epochs per view .
find a given header in the system .
run transformations on the text to put it into consistent state .
creates and returns a dynamic wtforms . form class for a given ndb . model class .
find a root of a function in a bracketing interval using brents method .
check whether bgp is currently configured on device .
for a line passing through and having a angle * t * , return locations of the two points located along its perpendicular line at the distance of * length * .
if a python string literal begins at the specified position in the given string , then return a tuple containing the value of the string literal and the position where it ends .
return referer http header suitable for logging .
patch for " sphinxcontrib - ansi " to process the following ansi escapes correctly :
get power management command path
read complex double tag .
get the evaluated value as an int .
wrap functions that receive loader _ context to contain the context " pre - loaded " and expose a interface that receives only one argument
sends a push notification for a course update .
dumps a file content into log . info .
simulates a failure in lookup image .
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 dictionaries .
this function can convert a node tree back into python sourcecode .
remove rows of mdata that are not from samples _ of _ interest .
get an incremented / decremented url based on a url match .
harvest uses lettuce _ test _ server specified in settings
compute shape with the new axis inserted
generate keys and config and put them in a tmp directory .
returns the wiener index of the given graph .
pull out the nth key type from a key which has parents .
checks whether user can lock translation .
print a list of links
strip the bom from byte string data .
given a bucket name describe its properties .
remove a section in an ini file .
lookup style by either element name or the list of classes
convert a string of bytes to int
decides whether to send notification .
straightforward evaluation of 4d piecewise polynomial
computes the hash of the given password using 1000 sha512 iterations .
parse systemd / etc / os - release for distribution information
make a tree for the given degree sequence .
read parquetfile into a dask dataframe
launch the gui .
create action to run a program
generate a uri validation regexp .
zdt3 multiobjective function .
only the redbull service is enabled in the test . .
check to make sure set _ linestyle works properly
build a full url given a relative url , using the test servers address & port
adds database connection information to the context for communicating with the given target cell .
get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs .
checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
return program absolute path if installed in path .
function to convert mallet model to gensim ldamodel .
removes the string remove from the left of text
return the group that owns a given file
validate and split the given http request path .
serialize a single glir command .
decorator to make sure a function always returns a deferred
these return edge - based measures
installs the overlay repository .
build a well - formatted nftables rule based on kwargs .
send a consumer an email depending on what their status is .
destroy a given namespace .
ensure that filesystem is setup / filled out in a valid way .
return correct command
test if a certain oscar feature is disabled .
replace any unknown categoricals with empty categoricals .
decorator that will run a test with some mongoworker threads in flight
return iban in groups of four characters separated by a single space
run an arbitrary sql query and return the results or the number of affected rows .
called on menu selection
check if there is data waiting to be read
responds with json if csv is not required .
attempts to decode the given utf8 - encoded string as ascii after coercing it to utf - 8 , then return the confirmed 7 - bit ascii string .
get _ aside method for monkey - patching into applicable _ aside _ types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing .
return a organizations activity stream as html .
returns a safe build _ prefix
add microseconds precission on updated _ at field in mysql databases .
load a formatter class by using its scoped class name .
convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . bitmap .
returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres
gives the display value for a given path , making it relative to cwd if possible .
creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file .
generates the string representation of a metricspec object , and returns the metric key associated with the metric .
helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
returns a dict representation of the jobconf for the job corresponding to jobid .
a view that disables notifications for the authenticated user
return the canonical path of the specified filename , eliminating any symbolic links encountered in the path .
normalize a docker image name to include the implied : latest tag .
returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
list out the low data that will be applied to this minion
filter function used to render some infosets
alternative scorer factory for sw _ align which allows match to ambiguous chars
reads data from one or two fastq labels , writes output barcodes file .
converts val so that it is safe for use in unicode html .
read out bcache superblock
returns a function that returns the weight of an edge .
create self - signed https certificates and store in paths ssl _ cert and ssl _ key
convenience method for opening archives from entries .
generator to load configurations from a directory .
assert that dict1 and dict2 are equal .
return the square root of the population variance .
decorator that activates commit on save .
initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table .
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member , displaying the login page if necessary .
get volume type by name .
get the priority question for series corresponding to series _ id
associate a project with a network .
generates the transfer token for a project transfer and notify to the destination user
composes a " pop arguments from stack " section of a return pid dtrace probe .
fectches metadata files and calls : py : func : pkg . genrepo to compile updated repository metadata .
validate the beacon configuration
pure - python implementation of itertools . combinations .
create a resource _ type
returns a string representation of the section or subsection that sets the xblocks release date
skip a fixed32 value .
check whether third party authentication has been enabled .
set a one - one field in the books table
sends an email to the recipient using the extended mapi interface
return a string representation of the point p , according to point _ format .
return a iterator of xpathselectors over all nodes of a xml document , given tha name of the node to iterate .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
construct a new native set from a python set .
returns mac address of " iface " .
efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface
retrieve a string descriptor from the device .
simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
construct new graphs based on graphs with some variables replaced according to replacer .
prompts the user for a username and password .
context manager to temporarily add paths to sys . path .
wrap a private key into a pkcs # 8 blob .
get the description of the linux distribution .
generate a random session id .
dict of lists - - > dict
save a context object to user data directory .
compute zeros of integer - order bessel function yn ( x ) .
find the next k - combination , as described by an integer in binary representation with the k set bits , by " gospers hack " .
insert a new node
decode a base64 encoded string .
run migrations in offline mode .
retrieves and return the mattermosts configured api url
try to get current process ready to unpickle process object
returns newline delimited items contained inside file
create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
return true if statement is a well - formed future statement
return a symbolic 4 - d variable .
log a message with severity error on the root logger , with exception information .
iterate from x0 to x1 in chunks of chunksize and steps inc .
check if user has access to this location .
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
call a webservice .
only load this module if the ca config options are set
run the given process , piping input / output / errors to the given file - like objects .
returns an iterator of successors in breadth - first - search from source .
use this function to override the filter weights selected by
make an image with a color gradient with a specific rotation
restful crud controller
retrieves page content from given url
only load the module if haproxyctl is installed
add authorization to user user : string username auth : string authorization name
returns either the icon url for a given .
sends a message to the managers , as defined by the managers setting .
caches function result in temporary file .
normalize multiline - related code that will cause syntax error .
checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
return if the project privacity can be changed from private to public or viceversa .
reads a binary matrix saved by the lush library .
boyd and vandenberghe , convex optimization , exercise 4 . 62 page 210
print the message and the tensor when evaluated and return the same tensor .
creates a manager that subclasses superclass and adds behavior for many - to - many related objects .
get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
return true if n = = a * a for some integer a , else false .
create the module graph and , for python 3 , analyze dependencies for base _ library . zip .
makes the y - axis for a violin plot .
get all instances .
clean items missing from data of their original resource
start up a network interface
close a finder window for folder , specify by path .
returns the given string as a python byte string .
determines the module / package from which this function is called .
display xfs dump inventory without restoration .
mark a cache storage device as offline .
process packets from the mavlink master
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
uploads a single object or a folder to cloud files optionally sets an metadata , ttl value , or content - disposition and content - encoding headers .
gil - holding sleep with cython . inline
os - specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme ; not recommended for general use .
reader function for kit conversion to fif .
creates a timezone - agnostic datetime from the timestamp in the specified type - 1 uuid .
train inception on a dataset for a number of steps .
builds a config spec for the addition of a new network adapter to the vm .
normalize case of pathname .
calculates a one - dimensional spline filter along the given axis .
returns true if update _ package _ db changed
if input points to ( or { or [ or < , finds the position that closes it .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
returns polygon for point as a polygon object
return a list of an instance of every supported extractor .
create parser for extract - partitions . py .
read id struct tag .
there is a one - to - one transformation of the entropy value from a log base b to a log base a :
returns an errors response object , as returned by
mark the result of a load instruction as positive .
extract address fields from text .
puts a flag on retriable exceptions so is _ retriable returns false .
computes distance scores of flowgram to all flowgrams in parser .
returns a large formatted string representing the entire mapping file each input is a list , and all data should be strings , not e . g . ints headers defines column labels , and sampleid should not include a # mapping _ data is a list of lists , each sublist is a row in the mapping file each mapping _ data sublist must be the same length as headers - use for absent data if included , commments will be inserted above the header line comments should not include a # - that will be appended in this formatter
return greyscale morphological closing of an image .
check if a url is really a url via dns .
internal interface to the flat page view .
create read - only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
create the tables required for large batches .
edit the parameters of a media .
try to analyze the given path to find settings . py - this defines the game directory and also sets pythonpath as well as the django path .
generate a random column of probabilities .
org custom resource headers
create the patch to show connections between layers .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
retain a reference to a media descriptor object .
function _ definition : declaration _ specifiers declarator declaration _ list compound _ statement
funcdef : def name parameters colon suite
set color opitons of text widget .
check localization in line .
returns the current publish state for the specified xblock and its children
generate a single entry of the graph g in gml format .
get the currently active theme object .
enable integrity constraint with sqlite .
get the intialization variables
run custom user specific code , if available .
return a string representation of variant .
declare some declarations given as cython code in declaration _ string in scope env .
pull the version part out of a string .
creates jsonschema from registration metaschema for validation .
directory tree walk with callback function .
binds a ssl certificate to a vserver
generate a figure with lines for each element in cost _ data .
only load if the layman module is available in _ _ salt _ _
get the top hotttest artists , according to the echo nest
validate that we can publish using this mqtt topic .
read the / proc / mounts file .
required method to auto register this checker
return a dict with the document data pertinent for the form .
copied from swift . common . db . containerbroker before the x _ container _ sync _ point [ 12 ] columns were added ; used for testing with
converts a caffe format image back to the standard format , so that it can be plotted .
convert local track or directory uri to file uri .
add a representer for the given type .
loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps .
returns a basis state instance corresponding to the basis specified in options = s .
returns the dict for the spec hookspath and runtime _ hooks values .
this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary .
install a perl module from cpan
get a role from the database by id .
print an exception with its full traceback .
launch difftool against the provided head
return the image _ ref and guessed endpoint from an image url .
try to find out git version .
manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx
list installed patterns on the system .
walks a simple data structure , converting byte strings to unicode .
load a pil image and return it as a numpy array of uint8 .
collect useful info from a yarn history file , dealing gracefully with unexpected data structures .
derivative of function which optimises obs .
generic return processing
joins lists of words .
sets the entire led matrix based on a list of 64 pixel values pixels
tests if the sag pobj matches log reg
mangle numba type
compute polynomial remainder of f and g .
get the os distribution id .
create socket pair .
list all trails
load the setup wizard panes .
the whole information related to the specified exception id
command : dim error
the coefficients for the fir low - pass filter producing daubechies wavelets .
get apps listed in frappe / data / app _ listing /
ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name
replaces the last 1 / 4 of a string with xs
n345 - enforce using assertisnone .
get path from prefix and xml element .
like the unix which command : search in * path * for the executable named cmd * .
one - dimensional k - means clustering function .
downloads the resource at the given url and parses via beautifulsoup
get the list of windows network adapters .
convert a long to unsigned hex .
public bool intequalretbool { if ( self ! = null & & self . gettype ( ) = = typeof & & other ! = null & & other . gettype ( ) = = typeof ) { return self = = other ; return ( site ) . update ;
determines if the statement is a database switch such as use or c
the entry point for emr high level commands .
get the names of process 1 running on each node .
reconstruct labels from observed group ids
converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
used for testing
create a new wsgi environ dict based on the values passed .
create info / * files inside basedir .
try to serialize map / reduce handler .
sending message to hipchat v1 server
ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real - valued
decorator to use a reader db context manager .
plot the results by metric , format and some other variable given by x _ label
convert a name in the filesystem to the name of the python module it is .
manage data collections
do the actual work of database creation .
return the list of all info for all users
generates a zookeeper ip locations string .
note that this is not a vectorized function
restart the traffic _ manager process and the traffic _ server process on all the nodes in a cluster .
add a bar collection graph with height vals .
element - wise truth value of .
fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine .
re - map m / eeg data to a surface .
attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
given a list of desired rules and existing rules return a list of rules to delete and to create
return true if error in connecting to db .
return true if the pathname refers to an existing directory .
run the given function under the given contextmanager , simulating the behavior of with to support older
checks if nbunch is a dominating set for g .
gets the name of the carrier for the given phonenumber object only when it is safe to display to users .
software configs resource factory method .
generate a random string .
return start and end angles for each index in series .
approximation of the inverse error function URL # approximation _ with _ elementary _ functions
prompts the user for authorization using http digest auth
returns the translation of either the singular or plural , based on the number .
impulse response of a single - input , continuous - time linear system .
list current package locks .
help function for sqla filters , checks for dot notation on column names .
returns a list of definition objects , containing name parts .
return time points for given interval type .
convert a preseed file to an sls file
filter out the common but uninteresting urls
inference network to parameterize variational family .
setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
sorts and de - dupes a list
read julian tag .
lists all available languages and localizes them to the target language .
utc offset in seconds .
joins a list with a string , like pythons str . join .
this should be fed a just de - pickled data object .
get the repository constructor .
plot fit against one regressor .
gets the running pipeline from the passed request .
show the details from ec2 concerning an ami .
returns a boolean of whether the raw _ password was correct .
task add to preselected project
validate the configuration and return a luci scanner .
create lazy imports for all of the imports in text .
zero - fill an array .
check if the simple tag exist as a filter in
method decorator to add unpack feature .
iterate func over unbroken lineages , allowing custom return conditions .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a bandpass filter .
remove strings that look like passwords from log messages
decorator to cause a method to cache its results in self for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls .
valid alternative indent offsets for continued lines before blocks .
better default latex _ docclass settings for specific languages .
compute conv output gradient w . r . t its weights
delete orphaned instances .
renders forms in jinja2
return the disk usage for this minion
flush the idmapper cache only for a given instance .
hsg address format : number of 1 / 75 second
binhex : create binhex - encoded copy of a file
get the filesystem path for a module or a package .
decorate a test method that uses flushloggederrors with this decorator
given a tuple from _ fields , return true if the value should be included in the list returned by listfields ( ) .
turns text into a stream of tokens and creates the text objects from those tokens that are mentioned in token _ to _ textobject assuming the current indent .
returns afe job ids for all tests matching the filters .
checks if a service exists
get the site - packages location of this distribution .
function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for mobile api views .
sends a signal to your system to indicate that the computer is in use and should not sleep .
get reference to the vm .
do not use - will be removed in the next release !
tests that in - db and on - disk units match after format conversion .
issues http queries to the logstash server .
given files matching a build pattern , return their parent directories as builddirs .
start the client mode
get a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
builds the rdm virtual disk create spec .
check to make sure c _ overviewer works and is up - to - date .
parse configuration file and save settings into the configuration advanced dictionary .
unpacks elements of a uint8 array into a binary - valued output array .
generate test cases for overwrite adjustments .
returns list of course _ updates data dictionaries either from new format if available or from old .
check given paths asynchronously .
wrapper to give to astroidmanager . project _ from _ files
encrypts the incoming password after adding some salt to store it in the database .
draw an arrow .
unpack link into location .
create a new db - entry , zip type .
internal routine to get nobodys uid
remove a rule from an existing security group .
finds out the pid of haproxy process
build a urllib2 request object
parse dayperiodrule data into a dict .
ensures a slug is unique for the given queryset , appending an integer to its end until the slug is unique .
validate the configuration and return a dd - wrt scanner .
check if two paths are equivalent .
draw detected bounding boxes .
raises importerror if the specified foreign module isnt supported or the needed dependencies arent installed .
save a possible indentation level .
build a preprocessed function with the same signature as func .
show databases configuration from pillar .
check that all renderers specified in the pipe string are available .
get a metadef properties list
load trees from filepaths checks if filenames indicate that trees are from different distance methods .
convert size in given unit : gb or b to size in mb
shortest path between files in the list .
a decorator that allows you to override the default output format for an api
ensure the nat gateway in the named subnet is absent .
converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
get path to local copy of visual _ 92 _ categories dataset .
generate a set of records reflecting a set of probabilities .
format and write frames .
combine the elements forming the number , escaping the suffix if needed .
create a dssp dictionary from a pdb file .
build and return the cinder internal tenant context object
add a notification driver at runtime .
rebase repositories on pulling
reads appstats data from file .
find the differences between the contents of a tree and a working copy .
confirmation view generator for the " comment was posted / flagged / deleted / approved " views .
function for extracting info from nicolet header files .
generate and classify chunks of python for syntax highlighting .
configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj .
add or remove key .
render a cheetah template .
processes single ip layer data
wrapper to get at the underlying function belonging to a method .
compiles all the rules from the environment into a list of rules .
returns true if * uri * is a valid uri as defined in rfc 2396 .
pull messges from a subscribed topic .
returns a slice of the list .
index of lowest value over a specified period
given an xml file name and a tag , it removes the last tag of the file if it matches the given tag .
change primary email address .
runs the server using the specified number of workers .
create a new virtual interface record in the database .
returns " dir " or " file " according to what type path is .
only load if subversion is available
return a list of file names that will be categorized as readme files for the received repository _ name .
performs the inverse fast fourier transform with real - valued output on the gpu .
joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 .
check so the database exists .
removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace
consistent formatting for exceptions .
provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version .
return all metadata stored in the database as a dict .
processes github payload with version 2 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github default _ stream is set to what stream is in v1 above commit _ stream and issue _ stream fall back to default _ stream if they are empty
update a new vm vm : string vm to be updated from _ file : string json file to update the vm with - - if present , all other options will be ignored key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter kwargs : string | int | . . .
run tests from unittest . testcase - derived classes .
joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently .
discovers all files with certain extension in given paths .
fetches all closed threads of the given exploration id .
reduces a set of minterms , if possible , to a simplified set of minterms with one less variable in the terms using qm method .
map characters that are commonly mapped to nothing .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
analysis of a sound using the harmonic plus residual model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size , t : threshold in negative db , minsinedur : minimum duration of sinusoidal tracks nh : maximum number of harmonics ; minf0 : minimum fundamental frequency in sound maxf0 : maximum fundamental frequency in sound ; f0et : maximum error accepted in f0 detection algorithm harmdevslope : allowed deviation of harmonic tracks , higher harmonics have higher allowed deviation returns hfreq , hmag , hphase : harmonic frequencies , magnitude and phases ; xr : residual signal
opens the given clients in batches and returns hardware information .
factory for removing duplicate webob code from tests .
make a virtualenv
find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
utility method which wraps a function in a try : / except : , logs a failure if one occurs , and uses the systems logprefix .
returns true if the lists of tokens match .
archive the microsite on an update operation
tests that similarities are within a particular range .
return a config object , based on section , keyword
change password complete page .
list all courses available to the logged in user
get the short version of sympy being released , not including any rc tags
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . template . loader . render _ to _ string ( ) with the passed arguments .
make sure the infoblox module is available
python tail - modified from recipe at URL returns list of [ linesback ] lines from end of [ filename ]
return a restructured text line of a given length
radian function formatter .
cast a string to a strictly positive integer .
pack object o and return packed bytes
returns whether the input is array - like
returns the api rate limit for the highest limit
extract messages from javascript source code .
updates user _ bio of user with given user _ id .
runs the command cmd with options as its cli parameters and returns the result as a dictionary .
override serialisation because explicit none required
create a firewall for specified policy
return a dict with information about the specified vm on this cn
create a mosaic plot from a contingency table .
a function to check if creating symlinks are supported in the host platform and / or if they are allowed to be created ( e . g .
function to return if host is smartos and not the gz
test if arg is a string .
computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition .
get little endian float given a file .
emit a getelementptr instruction for the given pointer and indices .
determine action to invoke .
generate coverage reports for bok - choy tests
manually input names for those without an installer .
expands abbreviated ipv6 addresses to their full colon separated hex format .
determine the url corresponding to python object
given valid dhcp options id and a valid vpc id , associate the dhcp options record with the vpc .
return the targets from the flat yaml file , checks opts for location but defaults to / etc / salt / roster
convert image to other format
play a range of songs , exit cleanly on keyboard interrupt .
cms page or custom view
get and delete all messages for current session .
calculates the interquartile range of x x can be a list or an array returns min _ val and max _ val of the iqr
execute the collatz conjecture from the passed starting number , returns the sequence and the time it took to compute .
sends an email to to _ email with a message containing msg .
an expression representing a symmetric matrix .
namespaces resource factory method
register a context by mapping it to a name .
set up the jobs for apscheduler to run .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
parse a scheme stream and return the schemes serialization version string .
missing file positional argument .
checks if a vlanid is in use
active contour model .
get full info on a mysql user
result is a string of given " type " message is a human readable string , can be empty data is either a dict or a array , can be a empty dict or empty array
produce a short description of the given thing .
generates an ascii - only slug .
this function takes a text and shows it via an environment specific pager on stdout .
associate an instance to a node safely
only load the module if nginx is installed
lazy importing to avoid circular import issues
gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider .
login to network device
remove folder and all its content
decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are close .
given a scheme , return the appropriate store object for handling that scheme .
ansible oc module for editing objects
parse the arguments of a np . empty _ like ( ) , np . zeros _ like ( ) or np . ones _ like ( ) call .
truncates old _ value and new _ value for analytics event emission if necessary .
helper function - - return a copy of list , with all elements of type cls spliced in rather than appended in .
unpause a server .
return a string that identifies the current platform .
returns the sum of diagonal elements of matrix x .
convert previous playlist file to v2 playlist .
normalizes a string of characters representing a phone number .
parses the output of explain looking for table names
returns the product of an array along given axes .
transposes a tensor and returns it .
fetches all composite indices in the datastore for this app .
plot estimated latent sources given the unmixing matrix .
puts ( ) should print input to sys . stdout if " user " output level is on
display command - t finder name
set break - point at current location , or a specified frame .
apply the tanh to each element of the matrix mat .
raises a ~ astropy . io . votable . exceptions . votablespecerror if content _ type * is not a valid mime content type .
in most cases this will just be a wrapper around copy . deepcopy without any added features , but when that fails because of a race condition such as dictionary changed size during iteration - crawl _ plugin . py # 8956 , then we retry .
returns a - tuple , where the head string length is less than the given length .
if you decorate a view with this , it will ensure that the current user is logged in and authenticated before calling the actual view .
helper function to convert datetimelike - keyed dicts to timestamp - keyed dict
given a list of template names , returns the first that can be loaded .
give a list of page where the user can change permissions .
configures and returns a logging instance .
returns the job after grabbing job _ id from request . args or request . form
split a string on whitespace , optionally keeping the whitespace .
ensure that everything loads correctly .
extracts a result from a roads api http response .
installs pants backend packages to provide build file symbols and cli goals .
get a yaml file from path and send it to validate _ config for validation .
implements fs - du and fs - dus .
given a mapi object and a list of properties , return a list of property values .
publish a command " from the minion out to other minions " .
return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m , where m is the largest factor of m relatively prime to x .
get the bearing center x list .
this is used by _ lambdify to parse its arguments .
registers a class to be used in the data streaming .
given an iterator of which further sub - elements may also be iterators , flatten the sub - elements into a single iterator .
validates that value is file - like and readable .
create country _ codes vocab and tags , if they dont exist already .
decode a string .
now obsolete @ callbackmethod decorator .
set status as open if there is any open notification
send a message to an xmpp recipient .
helper to make a homogeneous solution .
shorthand for product between several dots .
download invoice pdf
send email after import
save the load to the specified jid id
merge loaded meg and eeg forward dicts into one dict .
return a list of names .
return a date formatted according to the given pattern .
split and strip and discard empties .
method to get the details of a report from the vulnerability _ document id
retrieves instance information from an instance object and returns it as a dictionary .
view package state from the opkg database
a version of bisect . bisect _ left which compares nodes based on their start position .
compile the multi3 ( ) helper function used by llvm for 128 - bit multiplication on 32 - bit platforms .
decorator to indicate that a method is a periodic task .
returns an archiver for the given path name .
return a list of pools indexes ( in range ) that are to be included during reseed number r .
execute nagios plugin if its in the directory with salt command specified in run _ type
return a symbol which , when printed , will have a name unique from any other already in the expressions given .
return all divisors of n sorted from 1 . . n by default .
calls out to setquota , for a specific user or group
checks whether user can edit translation priority .
computes the derivation of an expression returned by residue _ reduce ( ) .
remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx
describe a stack .
scrape lyrics from a url .
helper to get the default directory for storing vispy data
return a factory function that instantiates a pybrain agent and adapts it to the rlglue framework interface .
open a file using mode .
no changes to the image properties table from 006 . . .
convenience to wait for a newly - constructed client to connect .
pretty prints the output of the evaluate _ config _ changes function
makes url by concatenating web . ctx . homepath and path and the query string created using the arguments .
struct _ declarator _ list : struct _ declarator _ list comma struct _ declarator
display a repo from the sources . list / sources . list . d
get the evaluated link value .
makes a function lazy .
factor multivariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
make a simple nxm entry class
associate volume type from specified qos specs .
return the mime type of the image data .
updates an existing github repository .
returns a tuple of with config , pillar , or default values assigned to missing values .
run statement under profiler , supplying your own globals and locals , optionally saving results in filename .
a generator function for listing parts of a multipart upload .
change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible .
calls the shots , based on signals
replaces uldaps search and uses a generator .
this sets the current session as fresh .
required method to auto register this checker
read maxfilter - formatted head position parameters .
return information for the specified user
xml stream factory for external server - side components .
train a simple cnn as teacher model .
initialize the global qwebsettings .
disable csf permanently
parse the 150 response for a retr request .
parses a cost equation .
returns a random matching string to a given regular expression
test freezing a git clone where setup . py is in a subdirectory relative the repo root and the source code is in a subdirectory relative to setup . py .
stop the listening server which was created with a call to listen ( ) .
n325 - do not use xrange .
renames file old to new , works with separate partitions .
translate the vector3 paths .
gets the scatter property for an object .
returns a list of the ip addresses for which a dokuwiki page exists .
return c + + code for a function that reduces a contiguous buffer .
add xml from objects .
pulls all flashed messages from the session and returns them .
get ip address of interface used to connect to the outside world
returns a 500 internal server error .
use this to get latest system settings
restful crud controller for locations
validate a series , ensuring that it follows the specified rollup and boundaries .
compute a possible conversion for combining * datetime _ unit * and timedelta _ unit * .
checks api microversion in response header
return an in - memory workflow object from the dictionary object created when it was exported .
least - squares temporal difference algorithm .
find the actual file for a windows executable .
searches for occurrences of a " word " within a main " string " by employing the observation that when a mismatch occurs , the word itself embodies sufficient information to determine where the next match could begin , thus bypassing re - examination of previously matched characters .
scalar function search for alpha that satisfies strong wolfe conditions alpha > 0 is assumed to be a descent direction .
api hook for updating git repos .
create load _ factor children within the given parent ; recursively call to insert children when appropriate
select a proxy for the url , if applicable .
return a list of model objects of class class _ from list of object metadata objects
parse results specific to the clade model c .
returns a node that links to an errors documentation .
utility for parse _ folder ( )
returns a datetime .
this function wraps logic of object creation in safe atomic way .
given a course _ id and comment _ id , toggle the endorsement of this comment , ajax only
generic script hook executor .
get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces
parse the bootloader line
configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select ( ) reactor .
return the default icon theme names
copy the file src to dst ; both must be filenames .
return whether or not given value is a valid mac address .
install the plugin .
compile option value .
dummy method to return a mock measurement for demonstration purposes .
handles a single request .
function to decode a text .
declare additional interfaces implemented for instances of a class
add the x intersection indexes for a loop .
does beta diversity calc on a single otu table uses name in metrics to name output beta diversity files assumes input tree is already trimmed to contain only otus present in otu table , doesnt call getsubtree ( ) inputs : input _ path metrics tree _ path output _ dir rowids
assign codes from a code book to observations .
translate by an offset .
get absolute path to resource , works for dev and for pyinstaller
dayofweek = = 0 means sunday , whichweek 5 means last instance
get key in a particular gnome schema
compute betweenness centrality for a subset of nodes .
returns a tagged unicode string .
get matches for path expression
generate a story for an image at location image _ loc
get new repository .
return true if the architecture is x64
if smart _ scan is true , lookup the start date from previous job summaries , otherwise use - - start _ date .
returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix + arg , calling notfound ( ) if there isnt one .
fetch lyrics from google search results .
factory function that creates a new coolmagicapplication object .
count the number of non - masked elements of an array .
return event data to hipchat
remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list , optionally ignoring the nzb extension
a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing func * in nopython mode .
return a list of filter classes found in this directory .
uses the template settings file to build a working settings file .
add pixel to the pixel table .
list the quotas for a tenant / user .
convert a timestamp to a string .
transform matrices with singular values less than one to arbitrary matrices .
get all data for an existing calendar .
try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . getinnerframes ( ) .
helper that builds label set from the corresponding header value .
generate a lexical dispersion plot .
parse the basic information that should be present in most codeml output files .
this function is the first derivative of the semilinear function .
set intersection of two sequences that preserves order .
rq command line tool .
calculates the jarque - bera test for normality
takes designated node , removes current node links and replaces them with node links to target nodes
this function looks for rsa keypair files in the current directory .
gzip a given string .
get a list of the values in a square around the x and y pixel coordinates .
cleanups search index on unit deletion .
html link to a list of sibling documents
decode a raw base64 string .
process regular expression and exclusion - based filters on lists .
update collections downloads totals .
takes two opposite corners of a bounding box & generates a two - tuple of the correct coordinates for the bounding box .
determine if the lock of the given name is held or not .
generate a dictionary representation of a user , optionally including # projects shared with current _ user
returns the message storage on the request if it exists , otherwise returns an empty list .
this should help developers understand what failed
js has to be a javascript source code .
double nibble hex encoding method .
loads mnist files into 3d numpy arrays
return a platform - specific list of candidates for user configuration directories on the system .
the running controller function !
trace of a matrix .
remove a session from database
simple command - line program to generate a url to open html5 console in web browser
spyders variable explorer magic
split lines at newline char , then return the array of stripped lines
given an aes key , return a cipher object that has encrypt ( ) and decrypt ( ) methods .
set selectors facts if not already present in facts dict
read in a file , return the str
restart the named service .
returns the index key from params .
minimal security steps for brand new servers .
return process _ envs information from osquery
import a dsa key .
escape the given string so that it can be included in double - quoted strings in po files .
register ovs capabilities .
get the commit id of the most recent commit made on a given ref .
returns a tf - feature of int64s .
delete endpoints of an openstack service
returns the varchar declaration for the provided size :
json or raw hexadecimal
run del events , may eventually be inlined into decorators .
factory method to create an appropriate history object .
check if item not an ancestor
returns the performance analysis of the given python function .
decompose n into a list of pairs .
increment unique id counter associated with high _ id _ key beyond high _ id _ key .
get a requirement from the url , if possible .
compute barycenter weights of x from y along the first axis
returns the web safe string combining per _ result with internal cursor .
calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta .
parse the appxmanifest file to get basic informations .
create the encoder instance for our test and return it .
supplement zipfile class to support context manager for python 2 . 6
check that vars not include discrete variables , excepting observedrvs .
classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units .
adds information about the xblocks publish state to the supplied xblock _ info for the container page .
return n - length tuples , in sorted order , no repeated elements
individual insert / commit pairs w / dbapi + connection each time
parse the source into an ast node .
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , uid as parameters .
compute binary logistic loss for classification .
main crazyflie headless application
converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data .
domain names tend to have . s in them .
returns the stacklevel value for warnings . warn ( ) for when the warning gets emitted by an imported module , but the warning should point at the code doing the import .
returns a tensorflow initializer .
builds the virtual disk create spec .
require can be used to check the minimum version required to run a kivy application .
the feature / s of a template takes a list of positions relative to the current word where the feature should be looked for , conceptually joined by logical or .
preface and convert an svg text .
use moving average to get better readings .
make a ctf name .
remove a host from the known _ hosts file
expose this function via the api but dont require a user or a galaxy _ session .
remove specific facl from the specified file ( s )
return true if were running inside a virtualenv , false otherwise .
return the path of the makefile .
parses the arguments provided by the user and activates the entries in sets .
register a migratin with the runner
create app - specific properties .
load the project comments js
return final obtained after an n _ steps leapfrog updates , using hamiltonian dynamics .
sets the hardware look - up table , using platform - specific functions .
returns a conv .
clean expired tokens from the master
return true if mode is from a socket .
return a list of available images
convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
create an image _ service and parse the id from the given image _ href .
ensure a dataset is not a clone name : string name of fileset or volume . . warning : : only one dataset can be the origin , if you promote a clone the original will now point to the promoted dataset
set up common mock methods for lockfile class .
send a socketio message .
unregister each of the actions corresponding to the given ids .
creates a storage object from dictionary mapping , raising keyerror if d doesnt have all of the keys in requireds and using the default values for keys found in defaults .
retrieves a live reference to the global dictionary of custom objects .
detect object classes in an image using pre - computed object proposals .
run the main application .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
verify hipchat options and log warnings
read styles from the shared style table
checks if vtk uses the old - style pipeline
check the permissions on files and chown if needed
manage the sending of authentication traps .
build predictor matrix and metadata .
split test suite into parallel and serial tests .
show all meta data fields for this company .
get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
discover and run all tests in testdir
confirm this python - consul package is installed
remove a snapshot .
parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed .
create a new figure manager instance
write a new pack data file .
converts an apiproxy . applicationerror to an error in datastore _ errors .
copy a file from source to destination
show pricing for a particular profile .
db implementation of documents _ for .
calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state
caching for permissions check .
simple command - line program demonstrating vsphere perfmanager api
get all available regions for the amazon ec2 container service .
perform a few cleanup routines on a generic network
builder for rebulk object .
list url checked by uptime
convert the argument into a list of id - compatible strings and return it .
returns a row from the cursor as a dict
determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero .
send a file - like object to the request output .
this is an alternative merge policy similar to lucenes .
just compute the error f _ pred : theano fct computing the prediction prepare _ data : usual prepare _ data for that dataset .
recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory .
return as many characters as possible without going over the limit .
unregister a previously registered account page class .
get gcode text without redundant m104 and m108 .
implement the default mpl key bindings for the canvas and toolbar described at : ref : key - event - handling
get screen dpi from the os
select the action . asis choice for all tasks .
returns an instance of caffe . net
decorator to mark a yield - fixture factory function .
plot topographic maps of ssp projections .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
adds an empty vol to the phase difference image
inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts
returns a form for a new imageclassificationdatasetjob
save a row of data to the output file , in tab delimited format .
test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements .
function decorator for methods not implemented in python 2 . 6 .
runs the checker function across every python module in the given package .
helper function to retrieve resources not served by any plugin .
returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative .
converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates .
handler function to create action instance upon action signal call .
returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name .
return network configuration
delete user email .
returns true if lock of the given name exists
builds a path .
wrapper to get admin context
return mixing matrix for attribute .
checks whether an object is one of the item in the list .
return the reciprocal of an array , setting all entries less than or equal to 0 to 0 .
encrypt parameters and properties for all templates in db .
replace xml character references with the referenced characters
run unit tests : osf , plus addons and syntax checks
drop a postgresql user .
modify an existing profile .
redirects to main page - - info page if user authenticated , or marketing if not
flush idmapper cache .
add entity if not exist and the automatic _ add is true .
instantiate the xception architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
examine each lineage ; renew if due and report results
convert a four byte sequence to an integer .
return a simple table for testing .
function to get the ram usage of a process and its children
finds number of columns affected by union based injection
when a question is saved , we need to reindex its answers .
given a starting point inside a docblock , return a region which encompasses the entire block .
generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform / compiler combination .
upsampled dft by matrix multiplication .
the fibonacci sequence , this incrementer uses the last value
return a joined list
checks that the poolclient is not accidentally ran against production .
a plain implementation of sgd
gets a unique tour through a graph given an integer and starting node .
delete an existing zone
helper to get a direct interface to _ plugins
return raw with enough pad bytes append to ensure its length is a multiple of 4 .
returns a tuple , , with the scene numbering , otherwise returns the xem numbering , otherwise returns the tvdb numbering .
minimum value in a tensor .
load a collection from database
bar advanced plot
save profiling information
read both user configuration and local configuration .
generate an ecdsa signing key for signing secure boot images
returns the course - wide and inline cohorted discussion ids separately .
execute a command and read the output as yaml
display a correct numeric colorbar for a shaded plot .
start development web server
return the pickled registry cache filename .
return the default group of a specific user .
helper for the vispy config file
execute a git fetch on all of the repos
accept keys based on a dict of keys .
returns list of expired sessions
listen for events based on configuration .
given a string and an iterable of delimiters , split on the first found delimiter .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
create a feat preprocessing workflow with registration to one volume of the first run
generate temporary analyze file pair .
check whether str contains any of the chars in set
create a cache of the ldconfig - output to call it only once .
return a time formatted according to the given pattern .
re - sends the order complete email for the given order and redirects to the previous page .
convert special characters in xml to escape sequences .
extract integer limit from request or fail .
replaces space character ( ) with a pound character ( # ) followed by a random string and a new line (
applies 2d average - pooling operation in kh x kw regions by step size dh x dw steps .
flatten a list .
setup the bose soundtouch platform .
return true is datatype dtype is a number kind
return the sample arithmetic mean of data .
given a commit that was merged into the given branch , return the merge commit for that event .
its not sufficient to have the absolute path to the compiler , linker , etc .
removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
return a list of all the sites tag vocabularies .
change the username for a named user
reload the cached localzone .
return the url of the payment end - point for cybersource .
returns the given html with all tags stripped .
returns true if address belongs to node - local multicast address space as defined in rfc
holme and kim algorithm for growing graphs with powerlaw degree distribution and approximate average clustering .
returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
get the path for a static file in the cactus build .
remove an user vote from an object .
decorator factory for methods in magics subclasses .
cross - correlation function for 1d
test if a method implements the required interface .
c header for the cblas interface .
creates a directory .
display the server settings .
if users have permission to add a user , they also can edit the user .
update translated strings
return link to categories section .
check a - - unit that we wont have
saves item to cache
list security group ( s ) of a server .
remove all universal build arguments from config vars
delete the given metadata item .
validates the results of a call to update _ follower .
return the remote branch associated with branch .
get host topology usage .
shortcut test for the reportlab distribution with modified options .
delete a secgroup to nova
given a course and commentble id , create the thread
removes a user from the access control list of the given blob in the given bucket .
calculates tf * idf on the vector feature weights .
uninstall the current product key
compute the inverse of a sparse matrix
sanitize the filename name .
determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _ generate _ items _ for _ subtask .
determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
update add - on authors ratings .
gets provider from message about social account already in use .
used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
generates a filesystem - like directory tree for the files contained in lib .
get next batch of users that are registered , and that have a primary email or phone .
returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables .
walks backwards up the path and deletes any empty folders found .
get the next free flag
encode sentences in the list x .
estimate spectral norm of the difference of two matrices by the randomized power method .
return a traceback of the attempted read formats for the last call to ~ astropy . io . ascii . read where guessing was enabled .
returns a list of database machines .
make boto log activity using eliot .
return a symbolic 4 - d variable .
lspi is like policy iteration , but q - values are estimated based on the feature map .
verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca _ name name of the ca cacert _ path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca _ filename alternative filename for the ca . .
check for import format .
checks whether a term matches the given expression
defers a callable for execution later .
create the wsgi resource for this controller .
executes the code block of the example file
represents a single resource as xml .
parse a single version comparison .
returns the hmac - sha1 of value , using a key generated from key _ salt and a secret .
the add patch operation for a list of tuples on an apikey resource list path
magic function to find the current database .
writes a simple xml element .
array of integer byte values - - > binary string
return a formset for the given form class .
create orthographic projection matrix
test reading and writing of images
sets the key to the vale
validate the beacon configuration
convert index to key .
gets data from query _ func , optionally saving that data to a file ; or loads data from a file .
this method for now just wraps msgpack . dumps , but it is here so that we can make the serialization a custom option in the future with ease .
delete virtual interface records associated with instance .
return the orientation value for the given image object , or none if the value is not set .
convert a tree object to a networkx graph .
escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
given an ascendantaddresses object , return a pathglobs object for matching build files .
returns a multi - index suitable for a panel - like dataframe
returns the convolution of the features given by w and b with the given images
replace any bound aliased vars with their binding ; and replace any unbound aliased vars with their representative var .
list defined containers for the named host ( s ) .
add traditional scsgate switches .
return true if the sysv service is enabled for the specified runlevel ; otherwise return false .
create a date locator with * numticks * and a date formatter for * span * in days .
rough mask of background from brain masks
force conversion of byte string to unicode .
return html help workshop executable path
convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers .
get mapped batch if mapback _ for _ viewer is available with the dataset .
a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes .
test vertical and horizontal linearregionvisual with a single color
compute partial - fraction expansion of b ( z ) / a ( z ) .
set interactive mode to boolean b .
verified whether username is still free .
this is for the osrget [ angular | linear ] units functions , which require that the returned string pointer not be freed .
returns the correct gettext translations .
read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok , pass values to config - database
set up heat credentials , returns heatclient . client . client .
similar to djangos except that we discard the important of natural keys when sorting dependencies .
colorize warning message with prefix
check n _ jobs in particular for negative values .
returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
convert to color value .
indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name .
create a load balance member
return a wrapped auto _ format _ func function which is used in formatting table columns .
conditional rejects non - nested mlps
set setting dictionary to a setting line .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the qt mainloop .
builds the authorization header to be sent in the request .
set the trust level for a key in gpg keychain keyid
vectorized version of stats . norm . entropy .
change the uid for a named user
consume signals that indicate score changes .
returns a dictionary containing synchronization details of the ntp peers .
converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
returns a list of supported locales .
get the largest inset loop from the loop .
add a member to a group who has requested membership .
do fft multiplication by a filter function .
return a dictionary of : and an ordered list of to load
get the serial number of a certificate file cert _ file
convert a label to a lut id number .
set next chapter .
parse multilines text containing simple key = value lines and return a dict of { key : value } .
list all queued and running jobs or only those with an optional tag .
determine the file system path for the specified . msg resource .
parses an url and validates its attributes .
converts a time in usec to seconds since the epoch .
get all available regions for the amazon cognito sync service .
find all interesting data files , for setup
return the number of image members for this image
check if name is a legal ros name for graph resources .
show apps remote url
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
permutations of n things taken k at a time , i . e . , k - permutations of n .
returns a domain object representing a collection summary .
removes whitespace between html tags , including tab and newline characters .
backward compatibility handler for the " engine " namespace .
get the details of the certificate file .
register an administration widget .
rename a key , when an instance has also been renamed
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
sends email notifications if there are unreplied communications and notify _ if _ unreplied is set as true .
filters asian characters to spaces
sets the field named field _ name of java _ object to value .
entrypoint to the celery umbrella command .
finds the minimizer for a cubic polynomial that goes through the points , , and with derivative at a of fpa .
generator to do boilerplate output of statistics .
obfuscate the logical volume .
returns listen addresses of vnc / spice from a libvirtlivemigratedata
builder for rebulk object .
describe all vpcs , matching the filter criteria if provided .
takes some key and returns the id of the server .
returns people following user .
get the current accepted snmp community names and their permissions .
read about info
verify a jwt against public certs .
casts any object into a datetime . datetime object date any datetime , time string representation . . .
converts de with free parameters into re of hypergeometric type .
ensure that the keystone user is absent .
decode base64 mail creds
takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance .
update available languages
convert an ordinary decimal instance to a rational .
render the " manual updates required " page .
gets all blogroll links .
get the users login name .
return namespace dict with function implementations
easy wrapper for sending a single message to a recipient list .
delete a group .
the basic scr from ( sun et al .
returns - 1 in the na case
wraps a callback so that its guaranteed to be executed with the scripts application context .
upload executive summary html file using reportstore .
test ordinary least squares regression .
integration of primitive polynomials .
returns storage object with get or post arguments .
returns a new auth _ request dict that has been populated with information from the specified dicts .
updates a router
returns a list , reordered to a specific ordering .
checks major part of apiversion obj is supported .
performs batch normalization of the given inputs , using the mean and variance of the inputs .
read pairs from a stream .
apply a scanline filter to a scanline .
get all available regions for the aws elastic beanstalk service .
validate payment _ blob and return a dict with everything looked up .
remove remove _ this _ key values from dictionary
stack query helper that accounts for contexts show _ deleted field .
process elementnode by svgreader .
build name variations useful for searches ; if fromptdf is true , the input is assumed to be in the plain text data files format .
extracts the policy for an object given the device - relative path to the object .
determines whether the setting parameter should be quoted .
list schedules belonging to this account
create our knowledge base .
configures a hosts vmotion properties such as enabling vmotion and setting the device virtualnic that vmotion will use .
return full pathname of installed pyconfig . h file .
validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner .
converts utf - 8 strings to utf16 - be .
test whether we can connect to a url with the current proxy settings .
find the fastest convolution / correlation method .
convert our normalized tags to a track .
get channel from object .
return a symbolic 3 - d variable .
show or update config of a bcache device .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
check to see if a pool exists
return the main application icon .
returns the codename of the permission for the specified action .
read count 64 - bit ints using the plain encoding .
assert that float ordinals * o1 * and * o2 * are within * epsilon * microseconds .
recursively replace $ ref keys .
get the globally defined tensorflow session .
remove html characters that shouldnt be indexed using elasticsearch indexer
wrap the scalar function with a loop that iterates over the arguments
attempts to load the liblabjackusb . dylib for mac os x .
convert dataframe to series with multi - level index .
create and attach volumes to created node
list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name .
returns detailed message about occurred unhandled exception
expr _ stmt : testlist assign testlist | testlist
wrap an xml element in a xmlinputsource if needed .
writes the given list of dtrace probes to a file .
decorator to cause a method to cache its results in self for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls .
makes the active translation object a nulltranslations ( ) instance .
create a random gensim - style corpus , as a list of lists of tuples , to be used as a mock corpus .
require the root directory .
given a list of activity references , returns two lists : the first list contains the exploration ids , and the second contains the collection ids .
helper function to get the smallest thumbnail of a list of gdata . media . thumbnail .
returns a l { natmapper } instance , suited to map a port for the given protocol .
parse command line arguments .
generate a stack from a portion of the tree
if the array has an mmap . mmap at base of its base chain , return the mmap object ; otherwise return none .
return the user inputs value from a compiled value
legendre function of the first kind .
register a custom security check .
convert setting values that had been improperly converted to a dict back to a string .
calculates rgb values from a hex color code .
parse a media - range into its component parts .
update the deployment so that the dataset with the supplied dataset _ id is on the node with the supplied primary address .
set a param in varnish cache
build the long description from a readme file located in the same directory as this module .
common code to change a users gecos information
parse ros message field type
test whether a path exists .
setup the mqtt tracker .
test dics with evoked data and single trials
insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words
test context sharing
this is here because i think there is a bug in shutil . copyfileobj
linear activation function
returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones , if country code is none .
get default company for user
if two indices overlap , add suffixes to overlapping entries .
client factory for xmpp 1 . 0 .
popup a dialog to request some piece of information .
generic checker for changing translation .
restful crud controller
encodes a list of points into a polyline string .
return true is job is deleted successfully .
runs the given hive query and returns stdout .
handle resize event .
convert numeric processing options to
stop following a dataset .
get all committees data from a particular td in the comittees page .
gauss - hermite quadrature for large n .
registers rbssh in an environment variable .
creates an integration for a given method in a given api .
extract and deserialize any crypto meta from the end of a value .
retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options .
to maintain the feel of the nova command line , this function simply calls the server _ show function .
for a wcs returns pixel scales along each axis of the image pixel at the crpix location once it is projected onto the " plane of intermediate world coordinates " as defined in greisen & calabretta 2002 , a & a , 395 , 1061 _ .
load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance .
this function performs s _ one _ one segmentation on a list of topics .
helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2
get list of shared document names for given user and doctype .
removes a space separated list of [ x ] html tags from the output .
convert a time tuple to an excel " date " value .
create a fake implementation of ugettext , for testing .
validates entities in batches of batch _ size , deletes tombstoned entities and updates invalid entities .
return reoriented view of image array .
convert the output of a zone transfer generator into a zone object .
decorator for slow tests .
test uses environment variables to play nicely with teamcity config templates
connect to an sni - enabled server and request a specific hostname , specified by argv [ 1 ] , of it .
checks page title slugs for duplicity if required , used after page move / cut / paste .
prepare the authorization grant request uri .
distinguish authentication required from not allowed .
convert a lease to the corresponding objects for json serialization .
only load the module if munin - node is installed
position nodes using fruchterman - reingold force - directed algorithm .
execute a single action on the given map / provider / instance
decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command
escape a url including any / .
returns the request id bound to this request .
provides updates for a vm spec .
unit impulse signal or unit basis vector .
the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile .
add escape character | to url
safely remove a path , recursively .
return rds instance details .
get a list of hashes for the suffix dir .
return a list of template variables found in * code * .
normalize the path .
get the leftmost complex point in the points .
dummy view to generate a helpful dynamic redirect to interface with control _ panel app
update a target with a given command given a list of dependencies .
remove non - alphanumerical characters from metric word .
calculates the score of the entrance exam using the provided modules
iterates over dictionaries that go through every possible combination of key - value pairs as specified in the lists of values for each key in listdict .
get page arguments for group by
field _ seq : field sep field _ seq | field field _ seq
return the attribute name that should be used to refer from one class to another , for a scalar object reference .
compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix .
constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
given a permission string of the form app _ label . permission _ string , get actual permission object .
controller to list / view / approve / reject reports .
annotate content models that have the youtube ids specified in a list .
prints a list of all tags and the number of occurrences .
return the name of the node .
return html for given markdown .
dummy password hash , where user password is just reverse
return matrix to project onto plane defined by point and normal .
infer a assname / assattr : need to inspect the rhs part of the assign node
download a script from a remote location and execute the script locally .
removes all registered finalizers in : class : threadsafefinalizer and
update an object , raise if ns not found / visible or duplicate result
expand ~ and ~ user constructions .
cool a gcode linear move text .
returns the version of the current instance .
decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children
returns true if the path given as is a broken symlink
called when the cloudformation command table is being built .
finalize and merge pathexpansion lists into paths .
dump a string representation of the given node .
convert a string to a bool based
encoder using sha256 .
add a stream handler for the given name and level to the logging module .
convert a bit rate to human classic representation .
return list of members for a set
deactivates the specified mfa device and removes it from association with the user .
indexes of lowest and highest values over a specified period
return the line type : docstring , comment , code , empty
updates a flup - style wsgiserver with web . py - style error support .
delete from the cursor to the beginning of the line and yank back .
take strings from an iterator and pass them to a writer function .
write a string to a file , encoding to ascii if the file is open in binary mode , or decoding if the file is open in text mode .
create a media for an already open file descriptor .
return what services are set to run on boot .
try to expand a given folder and search for subfolders containing media files .
ensure that a container with the given name exists ; if not , build a new container from the specified image .
incrementally run query with a limit of chunk _ size until there are no results left .
create a tax class and assign taxes for it with tax rules .
returns list of differential abundance detection algorithms from qiime . differential _ abundance
only load if netaddr library exist .
template for un ocha regional office of caucasus and central asia humanitarian data platform URL
parse btrfs device info data .
determines the significance of a track metadata change .
get all groups belonging to a project .
convert from binary coding to gray coding .
return true if the given view callback is a rest framework view / viewset .
make a binary concept out of the primary key and another field in a record .
removes the authenticated users id from the request and flushes their session data .
add new ip address on a network to server .
find numbers a such that a linear substitution x - > x + a would simplify expr .
adds the language code prefix to every url pattern within this function .
gets a list of files in the repository .
sends a a bunch of emailmessages .
returns the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents .
return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec .
add a cron task .
test jsonreport output with no errors
render a wtforms form field allowing optional html attributes .
get raw input from a terminal without echoing the characters to the terminal , e . g . for password queries .
see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
reversal a gcode linear move text .
find a child node by tag , and pass it through a constructor .
check if a url exists without downloading the whole file .
create a _ _ init _ _ . py file in the folder received .
encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number .
return the value , converted to integer , or none ; if present , replace must be a list of tuples of values to replace .
generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
add the shortcut associated with a given action to its tooltip
if there is a database called read _ replica , use that database for the queryset .
create a cache security group .
return the memory consumed by process
generates packages names from name , data lists
return a simple graph with given degree sequence constructed using the havel - hakimi algorithm .
replace explicit quotes in a string .
check whether the directory has enough space
uses filter ( ) to return a list of objects , or raise a http404 exception if the list is empty .
return the signature for a specialization of a fused type .
set up the arduino platform .
selects a set of regex rewrite params for the current request
add some more flexibility to color choices .
parse single token as a color value .
loads mr polarity data from files , splits the data into words and generates labels .
this implements a " cosine - similarity " algorithm as described for example in
generic check for permission with owner fallback .
a script to find multiple machines reporting the same client _ id .
return true if the filename can be saved in the file system .
parse the cli options
register a function as a compiler for a given : class : . clauseelement type .
test spatio - temporal cluster permutations .
imports the staticfiles finder class described by import _ path , where import _ path is the full python path to the class .
return embedded clock service .
kill from point to the end of the current word , or if between words , to the end of the next word .
sends an email .
provide data for the corresponding dashboard section
read a table object from an vo table file
decompress gzipped data on the fly .
method which translates typeerror thrown by the controller method and intercepted inside jsexpose decorator and returns a better exception for it .
get loop without the first intersection .
creates a neighboring record for each record in the inputs and adds new records at the end of the inputs list
the main function runs the bloggerexample application .
skip a length - delimited value .
true if any item in list matches the specified pattern .
remove the saltenv query parameter from a salt : / / url
provision a clean ubuntu 12 . 04 instance with dependencies
builds an http client authenticated with the application default credentials .
queue deleting expired session items without breaking poor mysql
return index of the field matching the field meta special value .
create a 301 redirect wsgi app .
return degree sequence for the threshold graph with the given creation sequence
return true if release _ id is part of episode with episode _ id , else return false
validate an ipv6 integer netmask
show the current position in stack
helper function that retrieves and nicely formats the desired pkg so that helpful information can be printed in the comment for the state .
perform mean shift clustering of data using a flat kernel .
set a key to an arbitrary value .
returns a list of * . dll , * . so , * . dylib in given directory .
write the special text chunk indicating the depth to a png file .
constructs and returns a model instance from the bound forms cleaned _ data , but does not save the returned instance to the database .
write scheme to a a stream in orange scheme . ows format .
look up a user in the / etc / shadow database using the spwd module .
sets cookie ( s ) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
add the specified group
makes directory for the given directory path with default permissions .
install a list of apps
re - throw uncaught attributeerror .
build a set of menu items .
use an alternate checker .
docstring for main
run a command and return its stdout / stderr as a string .
returns the string name of a function , or method , as best it can
return some cpu information on windows minions
returns the full url of the requested log path
parametric logarithmic derivative heuristic .
a decorator to bind table region method to an actual row action button .
github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink .
surround ax with offsetboxes
return the default standard input encoding .
return the script deployment object .
taken from pcredz , solely to get kerb parsing working until i have time to analyze kerb pkts and figure out a simpler way
takes color ( s ) and a function and applies the function on the color ( s )
dashboard widget for displaying recent comments .
returns an array filled with random values .
wrap running python script in a subprocess .
get the triangle mesh for the stl file .
iterate over valid modules
run a process on a remote server using the locally installed ssh command and kill it if the reactor stops .
replaces each keyword character with random case value
wrapper for editor page titles .
safely remove a path , recursively .
lookup the validation function for a [ addrfam ] [ attr ] and return the results
compute current - flow betweenness centrality for edges using subsets of nodes .
verify all @ override methods
check for any " too many connections " clues in the response code
person controller for addpersonwidget
split a pathname into components in a platform - neutral way .
registers a user , identity , and device using the viewfinder auth web service .
get all config
takes a specific header name and a dict of headers { " name " : " value " } .
find users home directory if possible .
simplify a multiplication tree .
return text with last lines indentation fixed .
returns a ctypes . cdll or none
connect a toggle button to a function
iterate over an alignment file as multipleseqalignment objects .
converts standard vif _ model types to the internal vmware ones .
minimize a scalar function of one or more variables using a truncated
greatest common divisor of a and b
download and return r dataset
verify the content of a test output using test definitions described by attributes .
generate a langinfo instance from the koilanguage instance .
check if a power management type is valid
returns an array to contain objects of type t .
reset current head to the specified state .
compute ssp / pca projections for eog artifacts .
parse openssls weird output to work out what it means .
return l { method } instance associated with given rpc call
finds the largest node in the tree
remove the output folder in case it exists on disk .
validates input parameters against a schema .
look in root , for any files / dirs matching glob , recursively traversing any found directories looking for files ending with ext
cache the output of the controller in ram
json call to change a profile setting : right now , location
extend superfences with the given name , language , and formatter .
use generalized minimal residual iteration to solve ax = b .
ensure a subnet exists .
unflattens the rpc envelope .
add logging - related flags to options .
process the xml element .
return the body of a recent tile , or none if its not there .
mark an episode as failed
setup worker related optimizations .
check the given path , printing out any warnings detected .
returns all sub - collections of collection .
if value is unavailable , use given default
pads each sequence to the same length .
compare two votable version identifiers .
consumes items in load _ queue
return all of the requirements of dist that arent present in installed _ dists .
handle different types of python installations
returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it .
delete all of the * keys * from the : class : dict * d
helper for the _ find _ * methods .
create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg .
flatten a nested list .
returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument
simple wrapper to get the current process id and store it in a shared object so we can kill the process if needed .
computes the gauss - legendre quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights .
wait until a connection to the specified port can be made on a specified host .
square dense polynomials in k [ x ] .
guess the correct ospfv3 lsa class for a given payload
load a dataset from the online repository .
include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
parse a resource fragment into a schema field .
returns a value form a document
check file has expected content .
pads to a given width .
deletes a comment .
given some event _ info , create and return a valid wsgi request environ .
ensure image is absent on the computenode name : string uuid of image . .
returns the codegen associated with the given object .
config key " sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . json : " samplebridge " : [ " certfile " : " / root / selfsigned . pem " , " name " : " " , " port " : , " synced _ conversations " : [ " " , " " ]
normalize and write to filename
automatically create a github issue with unhandled exception information
converts a datetime . datetime to microseconds since the epoch , as a float .
spin up a single instance on a cloud provider , using salt - cloud .
this is the same code as baserepresenter . represent _ sequence ( ) , but the value passed to dump . represent _ data ( ) in the loop is a dictionary instead of a tuple .
destroy a node .
return the factorial of x to the n falling .
tests deleting an object using the api .
blocking call to interact with the figure .
most git commands play nicer without a tty
create a new site
function for receiving a control element by name .
convert a diff array into a pretty html report .
test plotting of - trans . fif files and meg sensor layouts .
translates text into the target language .
get a python module for a clsid
checks each name in names is a valid field name .
return a list of the bit indexes that the " key tweak " applies to , as determined by the flash _ crypt _ config 4 bit efuse value .
the _ _ class _ _ attribute changed from old - style to new - style classes . . .
detach a volume from a server .
adds an arch string to an output path .
toggle control register select bit
verify that the overlay is present name
make a string representation of a message
fixture for a webserver with a self - signed ssl certificate .
create a property that proxies attribute proxied _ attr through the local attribute local _ attr .
creates a keyspace with simplestrategy for replica placement
update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
sends ctrl + alt + del to a vm
populate the match field in d by escaping m . match and generating links to any command / process substitutions
export from report builder
checks valid options for margeff
return a dictionary with the name and the optional imdbindex keys , from the given string .
load pem / der certificate .
aaq confirm email step for new users .
returns the entity group key for the given reference .
checks if the formatter is known or loadable .
to list all asam platforms present on the novell fan - out driver
parses an example proto containing a training example of an image .
main crazyflie zmq application
compute a spectrogram .
the path to the static file that we want to serve
reboot a node .
convert a trackdescription linked list to a python list .
run a command on the local system .
require italian tutorial .
add a devices to a btrfs filesystem .
get a list of completions info for commands , sorted by name .
merge consecutive removed , reduced or transformed nodes .
writes vocabulary and marginal sum files .
return mounted disk partitions as a list of namedtuples
rewrite the content - length header .
gathers tensors from multiple gpus .
see if any admin users have chosen to receive email alerts when a repository is updated .
initializes a new course by enrolling the course creator as a student , and initializing forum by seeding its permissions and assigning default roles .
copy the file content from src to dst .
replace https certificate file path
provides a session - like object called " channel _ session " to consumers as a message attribute that will auto - persist across consumers with the same incoming " reply _ channel " value .
put mocks into replay mode .
check that the coordinate limits are reasonable .
given a relative path and set of input specs , produce a list of proper spec objects .
returns a string like 5 months ago for a datetime relative to now
load the configuration and return a configparser instance .
compute the lmq lower bound for the positive roots of f ;
return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it , suitable to be passed to validator functions for testing .
interpolates v based on the values in the a table for the scalar value of r and th
find all - pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm .
get data view from mne object instance like raw , epochs or evoked .
resume the named vm
download a spreadsheet which can be filled - in offline & uploaded
delete a lb vserver
if the named function is running return the data associated with it / them .
log in to code review server
calls subprocess _ popen and discards the output , returning only the exit code .
helper for : meth : pull , et aliae
takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text .
return the url for the repository of a given distribution .
dump a pair in a canonicalized form .
send a request to the tool shed to retrieve the current metadata for a repository of type tool _ dependency _ definition defined by the combination of a name and owner .
add an option to the media .
decorator that closes all connections before fn execution .
adds a percentage sign ( % ) infront of each character
tokenization / string cleaning for the sst dataset
parse rfc2617 http authentication header string and return tuple or none
return the refspec for a fetch or pull command
recursively tries to load a file until success or maximum number of attempts .
check to make sure weights are valid
get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
converts args to a list and check its element type .
returns graph number i from the graph atlas .
fixture which provides a fake host blocker object .
create a testcase for idockerclient .
finds the best pure subset of observations to compute mcd from it .
checks for file existence and readability
converts code to colorized html .
produce a list of all playlists .
runs the command , which must be a list of strings .
convert the option list to a getopt flag string and long opt list
private function used to build a batch of estimators within a job .
this is an internal helper function for making sure that auto - redrawing works as intended in the plain python repl .
starts a superset worker for async sql query execution .
split a path in root and extension .
shortcut to create a reference node .
pairwise distance matrix , outsourced from tukeyhsd
try to get current process ready to unpickle process object
given a list of 2 - tuples defining a convex polygon , returns
apply html markup to the given description .
get the homematic devices for given discovery _ type .
updates the global list of line error - suppressions .
create an archive file .
used internally by image _ create and image _ update
find a static file with the given path using all enabled finders .
find a suitable hardlink target , link to it , and return true , otherwise return false .
transform real vector of length to a simplex of dimension k using a backward stick breaking construction .
return networks by ids .
returns inner html as string from xpath node .
called if no url matches .
defines the default resnet arg scope .
compute the orbits of g .
check if string is a hw / mac address and filter it
lock a file object using flock ( 2 ) for the duration of a with statement .
function for parsing rarefaction files specifically for use in make _ rarefaction _ plots . py
add markers for entities or tileentities .
print a list of files
a utility function for storing templates and contexts that are rendered
get a safe repr of an object for assertion error messages .
return seconds as days .
signs a blob .
ensures a request has permission to access the given user .
compute the interpolating b - spline .
just a simple batch iterator , no cropping , no rotation , no anything
attempt to parse a message as a gntp message
removes the volume volid from the 4d nifti file
check that the given file exists and can be opened for reading .
retrieve a plot from plotly .
enable a launchd service .
return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show
set a new home directory for an existing user name
return a composites dictionary .
do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey
parse a * query part * string and return a : class : query object .
return expected _ attrs that are columns needing joining .
view expression or latex markup in png , dvi , postscript or pdf form .
check if an http server is running .
given integers c , e and p with c > 0 , compute an integer approximation to 10 * * p * log , with an absolute error of at most 1 .
create grouping func and binary operator for a by - reduction / summary
parameterized test case , uses pytest _ generate _ test to enumerate dim _ inp tuples that drive the test .
setup a sony bravia tv based on host parameter .
every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it : 1 .
determines which xml schema to use based on the client api version .
mark a revision as ready for l10n .
query for an arbitrary dns record .
converts a code string to colorized css / html .
modifies pkt so that p0f will think it has been sent by a specific os .
generate a population of individuals with randomly set genomes .
massages revision comment content after the fact
soundex module conforming to odell - russell algorithm
only works on windows systems
compute a double integral .
return s as a quoted postgres identifier
low - level implementation of hermite polynomials .
new wrapper from ctypes .
send an e - mail representing the supplied review request .
parse an expression into ast
plot the data in * fname * cols * is a sequence of column identifiers to plot .
return change over time for an opcounter metric
gets the coincidence matrix from one element and sets it on another element .
merge all files in srclist into a new file dst .
sets up testing stubs of apis .
fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found
the idp providing the assertion should be registered for the mapping .
generates an index by scanning though all the reads in an sff file .
applies regular expression filtering to an instance query .
convert hex string to a r , g , b tuple
describe any value as a descriptor .
delete a certificate
return a filter to check if a cg is being used as creation source .
perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs .
checks for a syntactically valid email address .
initialize the ipython notebook display elements
get the process used cpus .
takes a full session and splits it down to the values for
serialize non - serializable data for json
get movie title .
field _ req : required | optional
update the instance config _ drive setting if necessary
a metaclass for adding new methods to an existing class .
return a proxy for a db - api module that automatically pools connections .
return the docstrings for all states .
build and return boot info
recursively applies f to the values in dict d .
temporary backward compatibility alias for method .
invoke a state run on a given target name
adds the language code prefix to every url pattern within this function .
method to get permalink ids from content .
parses iso 8601 time zone specs into tzinfo offsets
get the md5 checksum of a file from a container
formats a datetime per rfc 3339 .
return a dict of all available categories on the cloud provider .
checks whether the name is a uri or not .
create safesearchannotation object from a protobuf response .
set up the available pm sensors .
parse json data into a python object data : data string containing json
check if the obj is of group type .
returns an elasticsearch instance configured using an es _ conn _ config
returns a dictonary loaded from data file .
return shared _ memory information from osquery
marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf checks and post processing .
reboot a vm .
list all the currently deployed websites .
modular square root of a , mod p , p prime .
attempts to open a connection to a specified url .
get response for when transport = cli .
parse and return the examples of the documentation topic .
list the users
convert a display specification into an actual display object .
restful crud controller
split tree into a * before * and an * after * tree at split _ point .
decorator to define properties that map to the grammar dict .
this function finds and returns the get _ notepad _ pages ( ) based on the configuration .
retrieve value for a key
read an xml worksheet
test cluster level permutations with and without connectivity .
check if a pid exists .
parameters s : string
remove any unsupported archs from config vars
computes the graph of k - neighbors for points in x
returns a highlited string , with bold charaters where different .
create a complete latex document with colorized source code
test plotting snr estimate .
parse a media .
creates a processed traceback object from the exc _ info .
captures content into a context variable .
update the status of the subtask in the parent instructortask object tracking its progress .
export a file or directory from an svn repository name
matches the query with one of the composite indexes .
shorten long parameter names to short names .
list all users on the database
initialize targets for the ninja wrapper .
get the distance from a vector3 point to an infinite line .
update a sm backend config entry .
gets snapshot of the desired version of the artifact artifactory _ url
wait for a given period of time , then fire a result of true , requiring this state allows for an action to be blocked for evaluation based on time
reads pregnancy data and partitions first babies and others .
converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string
requires that the user is logged in .
parse the given attributes string into an attribute dict .
register layers from an arcgis rest service
ask the user for quickstart values missing from * d * .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a list of complex points .
convert a size in bit to human classic representation .
get the diagonals and switched matrix by degrees .
groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token .
find the value in data augmented with n _ zeros for the given rank
creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname .
called in main extension script to actually get a usable session
restful method to run a job now , for " run now " action button
check if a python module is really a module or is a package containing other modules .
returns the lineagename for a configuration filename .
parses an expression and returns the antlr tree .
set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
perform moods test for equal scale parameters .
assert that calling func triggers a deprecationwarning or pendingdeprecationwarning .
provide the canonical form of the path suitable for storing in the database .
transfrom cluster information to dict .
creates a client for working with cloud dns .
write a gettext po template file for a given message catalog to the provided file - like object .
get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset _ revision .
transform the given language code to a human readable language name .
split host and port , returning numeric port .
whether the hash value denotes an empty entry .
get the static welcome page .
the reverse function of escape .
return non - grouping regular expressions that match the opening and closing tags for tagname
make the least - square spline , full matrices .
if we are installing from an sdist , then a pre - built bokehjs is already installed in the python source tree .
restful crud controller
parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
get all available regions for the amazon glacier service .
compute the ecart of f .
return first power of 2 > = n .
computes a transversal for the orbit of alpha as a set .
normal tuple with added attribute cursor _ description , as in pyodbc .
use ghostscripts ps2pdf and xpdfs / popplers pdftops to distill a file .
return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob
takes a steam id _ 64 formatted id and returns a id _ 32 formatted id
checks whether pattern has any wildcards .
change password view
creates a backup .
strips namespace prefix .
encode a python long
return the twilio connection
returns the path to a package or cwd if that cannot be found .
read count 96 - bit ints using the plain encoding .
compute the log moment of gaussian mechanism for given parameters .
this policy merges small segments , where " small " is defined using a heuristic based on the fibonacci sequence .
copied from accountbroker before the sstoage _ policy _ index column was added ; used for testing with testaccountbrokerbeforespi .
generate code for a softmax .
returns the minimum vertex cover corresponding to the given maximum matching of the bipartite graph g .
determines if a source reference is valid .
get movie fps rate .
returns the placeholder from cache respecting the placeholders
prepare the connection to the django authentication framework
get the human - friendly name for a problem type .
recursively call np . concatenate along axes
set the diagonal of the laplacian matrix and convert it to a sparse format well suited for eigenvalue decomposition
generate an obfuscated version of pwnstallers utils . h
imports a module given its name and returns a handle to it .
read graph in gexf format from path .
returns the pants semantic version number as a string : URL
flip the writability of a file and return the old mode .
rotate a given image a given number of degrees clockwise - async version .
decorator for storage - access methods , which synchronizes on a threading lock .
replaces members of the group with a provided list .
reconstruct interpolation matrix from complex id .
extract request params .
test whether points lie inside a polygon .
delete all instances of keyword from a header in a fits file .
set up a simple main loop for progress bar tests .
strip the additional properties from the req . get .
return a human - readable description of named and un - named inputs .
configure class with enterprise url .
add the method to the class dynamically , keeping unittest / nose happy .
given a list of librarydatasets , return a map from the librarydatasets to their lddas .
return an encoder for a basic signed varint value .
check that mime _ type matches one of accept _ patterns .
create a spawned process .
avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte - string representations .
list the modified files that belong to a package .
given a request object , return a csrf _ token .
check if sql query is a select statement
returns a list containing all global site - packages directories .
associate a floating ip address to a server .
validates that value is true or false .
return combination of bottom and top channels .
only load if grafana4 module is available
return all contents of dumpe2fs for a specified device
insert docs using multiple batches .
pretty - print the given form , assigned # n .
decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
search for controllers in the galaxy . webapps . controllers module and add them to the webapp .
produce a _ _ repr _ _ ( ) based on direct association of the _ _ init _ _ ( ) specification vs .
calculate italian vat number check digit .
conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions .
get the latest version of a function .
this heuristic finds if infinitesimals of the form eta = f ( x ) , xi = g ( y ) without making any assumptions on h .
send the draft with id = draft _ id .
returns a compiled template object for the given template code , handling template inheritance recursively .
generates and submits * num _ replies * replies to * source * from * journalist * .
parse _ _ docs _ _ text into markdown .
a hacky replacement for solve , since the latter only works for univariate inequalities .
find the first index position for the which the callable pred returns true
returns pairs if sample _ id is in sample _ ids
resource component page header
add lines which have something to cstringio .
check for assertequal or assertequal sentences
get the list of driver names currently registered with this api .
execute a " stop " action on a vm
add a tool plugin menu .
utility method to check the various configuration to verify that all of the settings have been enabled
get a list of acceptable projection names .
return cloud cache data for target .
returns mock responses for the youtube api .
view a mix of history and saved queries .
get the float by the keys and the prefix .
convenience function for creating tree networks .
return a list of oslo _ config options available in glance scrubber service .
retrieves all active legalpage objects .
test collection initialization
get the current form data ; with prepared , in a format that can be directly passed back as data to a form to simulate form submissions .
generic mode setting function without a target
returns the configuration type for this project .
generates the dihedral group d _ n as a permutation group .
get the the number of failed login attempts
ldap initialization for pythonldaphandler and pooledldaphandler .
function to create a dummy file
overwrite the dictionary and remove any silent positives .
helper for sorting
returns a subset of the keys that match any of the given patterns
return the name of the user in kwargs , defaulting to the site user
retrieves all the information needed to clone a job .
ensure bucket with passed properties is absent .
generate a ntlmv1 response
escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml .
set up general - > editor to a small python script doing a replacement .
use the button api to check if name is a valid paypal id .
individual insert / commit pairs using the " bulk " api with dictionaries
utility api that formats wwn to insert : .
only load if boto3 libraries exist .
return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache _ max _ age - integer specifies cache _ control max _ age in seconds
mocks an http request by pulling text from a pre - downloaded file
returns a first index > = start of chat not in charset
displays the nmap scan result contained in record as json .
ensure the user exists on the dell drac name :
return as many characters as possible without going over the limit .
indicate that the given column - oriented attribute should be deferred , e . g .
filter resources to those for a specified location
get the file names of the plugins by the file paths .
build a set of the given type , containing the given items .
inverse of the jones reparameterization
return shell _ history information from osquery
update project build queue to include the previously implied build - prefix
if there is a match return the match group ( 1 )
return the attribute from the given object to be used as a setup / teardown xunit - style function , but only if not marked as a fixture to avoid calling it twice .
formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
converts val to unicode and url - encodes special characters
determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
scan the string s for a json string .
convert rabbitmqctl output to a dict of data cmdoutput : string output of rabbitmqctl commands values _ mapper : function object to process the values part of each line
the dig - specific functions have been moved into their own module , but because they are also dns utilities , a compatibility layer exists .
builds the property filter spec object .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
block with objects permissions
read sas files stored as either xport or sas7bdat format files .
returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
create a group of folders , one inside the other .
reads large blocks in a safe way .
given a beautifulsoup tag representing a book , extract the books details and return a dict
returns the feed items for a given feed .
returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address
application which cooperatively pauses 20 seconds before responding
dtlz1 multiobjective function .
print a pixel with given ansi color
homepage - lists all rooms .
fetches all ratings for an exploration .
display cart and handle removing items from the cart .
returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2 - axis .
waits for a qos operations to be completed .
returns an encoder for a bytes field .
illustrate the various methods of discoursetester
folder for static pages edit
edit a post .
used as a dummy path converter where no conversion necessary
search for recordings and return a dict with a recording - list key .
find the top level namespace .
generate dict of properties from csw : record
given a data folder , read its bill _ version _ tbl . dat file in python , construct individual replace statements and execute them one at a time .
decorator to require * any * user or admin context .
fetch the specified attachment record .
set the system power state to state .
get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs .
find a servers bootable volume
lists all projects
returns a list of substrings between a and b in the given string .
yield non - empty / non - comment lines of a string or sequence
save the business segment identifier
make a new instance of a class without calling its _ _ init _ _ method .
return a short , random name .
analyze a gcode file .
return threshold value based on percentage of total area .
directory tree walk with callback function .
fill a single paragraph of text , returning a new string .
format hostname for display .
total is the number of requests made count is a dict { response _ time : count }
read a key from info response data and dispatch a value
output the contents of a given file into the page .
check a whitelist and / or blacklist to see if the value matches it .
return the package of a module or return the package itself
install django fixup if settings module environment is set .
replot a matplotlib figure with plotly .
test purging user using user . delete
set gl configuration
used to mark a public attribute as deprecated .
build the html , xml , and diff coverage reports
change control index page
removes facebook from the users profile
create or update a set of image _ properties for a given image
list the capabilities installed on the system
checks logged - out users cannot access the admin site .
generate a list of input lines from f without terminating newlines .
required setup function for sphinx extensions .
process a source pil image through a series of image processors , returning the altered image .
try to get a connection with a very specific set of values , if we get these then well run the tests , otherwise they are skipped
check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable .
python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only .
wrapper for : py : meth : boto . emr . emrconnection . list _ steps ( ) that works around around botos startdatetime bug _ _ .
returns a process pool object
create a radio button
performs an in - place rstrip operation on string arrays .
converts a png image string to a data url .
joins a line ending in with the previous line .
computes the circular correlation coefficient between two array of circular data .
return a tuple consisting of image width and height
displays an error message if a user tried to access a not existing special page .
process the xml element .
get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores .
converts a non - empty list or an ndarray of two or fewer dimensions into a list of iterable objects so that in for v in _ reshape _ 2d ( x ) : v is iterable and can be used to instantiate a 1d array .
plot which parts of an image are particularly import for the net to classify the image correctly .
causes the all attributes on the file / directory to be removed
test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using pypi links
return a tuple of a artist name , an album name , a list of albummatch candidates from the metadata backend , and a recommendation .
a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 1
test snr calculation
log the user out .
generate # ifndef zmq _ const block for zmq _ constants . h
validates the existence and basic working - ness of other programs
decorator for creating a handler that requies files be present in the extras dir in order to run files : required files to be present for the handler to be available
generate a psuedo - random string , mixing some seed data with os . urandom ( ) .
wait to see insert output .
create a new kit marker file by interpolating two marker files .
try to find a pid directory in the common locations , falling back to the users home directory if no others exist
after opening a buffer , configure it according to the supplied options , which are as defined by the openfilename method .
checkresponse compares the auth _ map with the password and optionally other arguments that each implementation might need .
returns the spot instance configuration for the provided vm
pushes an edit operation to the oplog if included in oplog _ methods .
set gear helix path .
start a minion process
parse rfc 822 dates and times , with one minor difference : years may be 4digit or 2digit .
return the image object to use .
constructs a field from a document _ pb . field protocol buffer .
converts uuid to e - series compatible name format .
setup the demo covers .
chebyshev type i filter order selection .
wait to see the prompt .
connect and optionally bind to an ldap server .
display whether network time is on or off
release the module - level lock acquired by calling _ acquirelock ( ) .
defines a setting that may have moved to a new section .
method to decode streams using the run - length algorithm
send a kill signal to a process based on pid .
return unpickled object , or none if cache unavailable
returns a serialization stetement for a return value of the given type .
tell host to repeatedly ping targets
get the widened loop .
call and evaluate a function with corresponding tensors , returns a numpy array .
associate a free network to a project .
return a generator of all possible configurations of the input variables , and the result of the boolean expression for those values .
returns the content as a unicode string from the given . pdf file .
list entities attached to the given group .
creates an object that binds to a dependency while handling races .
get profile for one rack tooth .
implement the imitation game algorithm by mclennan and tourky for computing an approximate fixed point of t .
fixtures that returns a temporary conf element .
add quotes around a string .
convert columns back to string .
given a list , shuffle a portion of the list in - place , returning none .
return a pyobject whose type is unknown
detect any mistaken uses of single - key deletion .
returns pil font object matching parameters .
returns set of current modules and active module
add the directory to the system path at index location index : where the directory should be placed in the path [ note : providing no index will append directory to path and will not enforce its location within the path . ]
single project view page
do some final transformations
strip html but keep media filenames
solve l21 inverse problem with coordinate descent .
creates a signature for the given public - key with the given private key and writes it to sign _ path
overlap weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
read data from disk file
returns template path in current sites theme if it finds one there otherwise returns same path .
helper routine for loading manifest instances
disable jquery animations on the page .
sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date .
since django 1 . 6 items added to the session are no longer pickled , but json encoded by default .
obtain a certificate and install .
find a static file with the given path using all enabled finders .
the handler for cohort discussion categories requests .
returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
compile all python files below current directory .
test get _ words from content in filename .
compute the exact partition function of model p _ a
run and remove all tasks in the taskqueue .
manage data collection templates
returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance .
read gpa 1 . 1 format files .
compute the area of a polygon .
factory method to constructs : class : ~ . executionresult . result objects .
process the generators of poly , returning the set of generators that have symbol .
reloads configuration of jboss server .
assert that no element is found .
returns the text on the 1 - indexed line
get the migration of specified server .
avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations : - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
private function used to compute predictions within a job .
check the the rate limits for each request for this blueprint .
compute f - value thesholds for a two - way anova .
test function to be debugged
return tuple containing value if value is not a sequence .
test downloads with a misconfigured xdg _ download _ dir .
verify that the variable is in the make . conf and has the provided settings .
check and convert internal representations back to django database models .
create a new logical volume name
parses a version - 2 swift acl string and returns a dict of acl info .
add linear bearing cage .
utility function to load stop words from a file and return as a list of words
fill _ include _ names and fill _ exclude _ names should filter missing / empty value handling in the same way that include _ names and exclude _ names filter output columns .
returns a utf - 8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural , based on the number .
returns unescaped unicode
returns true / false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
deactivate pdp context request section 9 . 5 . 8
escapes a windows command - line argument .
balance any scoring function using the index balanced accuracy
require a file to exist and have specific contents and properties .
gives you a reminder at the given time .
gets last weeks dashboard stats for a given user _ id .
simultaneous tukey hsd check : instead of sorting , i use absolute value of pairwise differences in means .
serialize obj and format for output
for windows : translate pythons latin - 1 to cp850
make a query message .
generates an slightly worse ascii - only slug .
find nodes with inconsistent files _ current and files _ versions field keys .
set up the z - wave climate devices .
build the search index
parses command line options and , if directed , executes some operation to transform or create secrets from the command line .
returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle spectral wavelength , wave number , frequency , and energy equivalences .
if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined , will return the replacement key , otherwise returns key as - is
split an integer n into evenly sized and spaced groups .
parse a string according to the onblog 8 - bit date format
set the return code based on the data back from the state system
attempt to unify fstruct1 and fstruct2 by modifying them in - place .
parses response of an exchange token request .
parses a string with one or several etags passed in if - none - match and
checks if the given file matches an extraction method mapping , and if so , calls extract _ from _ file .
parse user - supplied memory setting .
installs a theme
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
check csf status
this will return if current request is a request within a microsite
wraps a pipe into two pipe - like objects which are " or " d together to affect the real pipe .
prepare python objects to be returned via rpc .
multiply two elements of gf needed for mixcolumn and invmixcolumn
draw string on current draw pointer position
reads all tags until the next end group and store in the value _ obj .
test if the sum of all pixels corresponds nearly to the integral .
generate an icalendar file
check that the raw value for an asset / date / column triple is as expected .
return information on open ports and states . .
unpack single rar set rarfile _ path to extraction _ path
print a value as in 4 byte hexadecimal .
returns a signed jwt to use for signature checking .
either returns data [ key ] or passes data back .
vouches cannot be removed , do nothing please .
decode the given l { str } using the imap4 specific variation of utf - 7 .
load a dispatch . yaml file or string and return a dispatchinfoexternal .
server - side check that password confirmation field is valid
returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory
external _ declaration : function _ definition
helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections
plot accuracy as a function of x .
returns the object to process the given format according to the mapping .
this method takes the full file path of a whisper file an converts it to a gaphite metric name
constantly displays the last lines in filename
makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
apply cos to each element of the matrix mat .
if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used .
an implementation of asgd
load a python source file and compile it to byte - code _ load _ module : code _ object filename : name of file containing python source code code _ object : code _ object compiled from this source code
list certificate bindings for an iis site .
parses a tensorflow . sequenceexample into an image and caption .
add a new zone
create a grid - based arrangement of bokeh layout objects .
returns the first token from an analyzers output .
turns on formatted logging output as configured .
extract kernel and initrd from base image
decode a log event from json .
fetches the test course .
build the search indexes .
retrieve data from bt home hub 5 and return parsed result .
same as : func : arbitrary above , except that func _ name must support a keyword argument " notification " .
create a complete django test suite for the provided application module
generate coordinates of pixels within ellipse .
return a masters configuration for the provided options and vm
convenience function for returning a set of topic nodes with limited fields for rendering the update topic tree
return the entry size for the given set type .
escape the characters in a quoted string which need it .
check for suspicious rest constructs .
get the name for a tarball file , based on source , name and compression
set up the python - musicbrainz - ngs module according to settings from the beets configuration .
return whether an object has an authority permission that references it .
return for the locale .
ask the message interactively , with the given possible responses
try to get current process ready to unpickle process object
given a resource type and name , return { exists : true } if it exists , { exists : false } if it does not exist , or { error : { message : error text } on error .
get filter options for case status , ordered by workflow position
returns a c _ cudadeviceprop
get human readable message from python exception
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
restore redis revision from db .
load a module and retrieve a reference to that module .
this function unmaps select mode mappings if so wished by the user .
convert mysql - style output to a python dictionary
list all workspaces in segment _ info format
start a node .
convert string to int or float if numeric .
return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process
returns the relative files contained in the directory .
given a list of tree items , produces doubles of a tree item and a dict containing information about the tree structure around the item , with the following contents : new _ level true if the current item is the start of a new level in the tree , false otherwise .
registers all store modules and all schemes from the given config .
loader tests - verify the loader gets the right values , handles errors correctly
put a list of recently published blog posts into the template context .
test ctf reader
create a directory at path relative to the temp directory for host , where path is a posix path .
renders as the specified content type only if no errors are found in the provided data object
get round loop .
creates a note on an obj versions thread .
attempt to parse a word as an identifier word may include a schema qualification , like schema _ name . partial _ name or schema _ name . there may also be unclosed quotation marks , like " schema , or schema . " partial _ name
stubs out the image service for the test with the fakeimageservice
define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
join two partitioned dataframes along their index
decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions .
run the binskim analysis .
returns the primary keys , model and content type of an iterable of django model objects .
include useless levels in f .
generate a configuration based on current home assistant instance .
decode returns an unencoded unicode string
uploads image attachments .
returns the list of memcached or membase buckets
return a list of all argument names
install an app file by moving it into the specified applications directory
return ratio of cpu _ dt / gpu _ dt , which must be non - negative numbers .
get all keys from the minion datastore . .
return term xored with a sequence of characters c .
returns a list of tagged images
create missing directories .
clip array to a given value .
theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process
returns a json representation of the course module and recursively all of its children .
allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers .
converts an ip address to an integer
convert an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to printable representation ; - )
versions form with a list of versions and version privacy levels
set the default version of a policy .
test mne flash _ bem .
return the raw pillar data that is available in the module .
volunteer awards controller
method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol .
try to get constants for distribution with similar layout and configuration , indicated by / etc / os - release variable " like "
use matplotlib style settings from a style specification .
try to guess if a module is a standard python module
returns a list of geodjango test applications that reside in django . contrib . gis . tests that can be used with the current database and the spatial libraries that are installed .
return the vms size object
test dipole fitting to sub - mm accuracy .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
validate a uri path and get the leaf objects name .
returns random string value with provided number of characters > > > random . seed ( 0 ) > > > randomstr ( 6 ) rnvnav
fit filters and coefs using xdawn algorithm .
to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
check if the user has a permission or owns the object .
generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
huffman encode the given dict mapping symbols to weights
write the string data into a file named filename .
sign a certificaterequest and return a certificate .
cache the opened zipfile in the module .
physically remove the image files specified in profile _ image _ names
starts a profiling interval with specific name
do a blast search using the qblast server at ncbi or a cloud service provider .
returns string representing " time since " e . g .
copy data to a destination
check a sequence of terms for instances of pandasobject .
create dataset abstraction for sparse and dense inputs .
do a recursive unpack from all archives in workdir to workdir _ complete
only runs on freebsd systems
show a yes / no question .
get extra fill loops of nested rings .
broadcast an action to all documents connected to a wiki .
removes unicode entities when displaying dict as string .
patches urllib to simulate the availability of some urls even when there is no internet connection .
get all the snapshots inside the window .
restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full - page read - only showing last 5 items in reverse time order
verify the signatures accompanying the post back from cybersource hosted order page returns silently if verified raises ccprocessorsignatureexception if not verified
validate the filtering and sorting results of set _ pattern .
a map function used in hash phase .
default sleep time to enable the os to reuse address and port .
run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded : only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated , loc = 0 and scale = 1 are fixed in the estimation
even extension at the boundaries of an array
return current directory list dir
extract messages from any source files found in the given directory .
get a single salt process environment variable .
randomly generate an invalid html document .
kill the provided process by sending it term signal using " pkill " shell command .
goes through thread local index update tasks set and generates celery tasks for all tasks in the set .
returns the tf session to be used by the backend .
create a new wiki document .
plot functional boxplot .
retrieve local facts from fact file
create and return images for miniedit .
this calls a threaded loop that launces the portal and server and then restarts them when they finish .
return the max volume for a meter .
convert an ampbox to a dictionary of python objects , converting through a given arglist .
remove all keys from the selected database
add a header tuple to a request header object .
set new video subtitle file .
update a tenants information
specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied .
decorate a method that supports the old - style api only .
get container diffs container container id
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
ensure that the named extension is present .
main analyzer routine .
get item from an iterable at index , return default if index out of range .
replace any sequence of whitespace characters with a single space
create a backup from the values dictionary .
scale the points .
internal method used to create asset key from string and remove asset by calling delete _ asset method of assets module .
usage example : put in models : :
opens an icc profile file .
import the module to be tested , raising testskipped if it is not available .
computes standard deviation .
smartly shorten a given string .
return the document tree and publisher , for exploring docutils internals .
return a list of supported tags for each version specified in versions .
check if the file - like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the header .
parse a resolver configuration file
uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given , specifying the extensions of the files to be uploaded .
return the text , with bold irc formatting .
provides the stem logger .
setup an alarm . com control panel .
flips the clip vertically
verifies the mode selinux is running in , can be set to enforcing , permissive , or disabled
write complete set of platerecords to a file .
use ndimage to get fast mean and variance
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
check input has length and that length > 0
this function performs one - step of hybrid monte - carlo sampling .
compute betweenness centrality for nodes in a bipartite network .
find the cross edges of an image using roberts cross operator .
return the id associated with the github auth token with the given note .
extract the indices of slices in a b - values file with a low b value
interface to git - reset ( 1 ) _ , returns the stdout from the git command cwd
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
adds additional data to serialized discussion thread / comment .
get comparison in order to sort endpoints in ascending order of segment length .
pretty print the objects representation .
key word argument conversion
simple terminal text formatting using ansi escape sequences _ .
export zone to the bind compatible format .
manage pending entries
call a function without storing internal results .
parse a string according to the ms sql date format
make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet
tabulate sort speed for lists of various sizes .
rebuilds the calling url from values found in the environment .
set traffic server configuration variable values .
create a plugindummy package .
one returns a single game matching the given criteria .
returns if a function is strictly increasing or not , in the given interval .
template for hier _ repr , a repr variant that shows spyne complexmodels in a hierarchical format .
check if the only files which directory contains are expected _ files .
load tm from files
command - line wrapper to re - run a script whenever its source changes .
disable the entity cache .
gvien a " cleaned " repository clone url , return the owner of the repository .
removes c + + 11 raw strings from lines .
scales pc data matrix by percent variation
helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression , that is , it looks for a repeat of a previous expression .
verifies the response and returns the json dict of the response body on success .
return the start of the attribute value as block , offset or none , none if attribute not found
applies a matrix to a point .
rewrite a kroneckerdeltas indices in its simplest form .
sets the learning phase to a fixed value , either 0 or 1 .
gets the copyright for the given profile .
shuts down the device after the given time .
a context manager that temporary pauses any tracing
get line geometry output by the end , loop , steps and stepvector .
create a session to be used when connecting to zenoss .
rest - json api server
convert a hex string to an ip , if a failure occurs the original hex is returned .
get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
perform a migration
gives the header for the csv
parse a date in yyyy / mm / dd hh : mm : ss ttt format
update a config dictionary from configuration files specified in the environment .
serialize object to json bytes .
return the module for the using a dummyrequest .
ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter .
watch salts event bus and block until a condition is met . .
add a new port to the specified service .
find subnodes in the given node where the given attribute has the given value .
get the separate inset loops .
return a deployment with many applications .
post to create a resource provider .
return hash of the given query after stripping all comments , line breaks and multiple spaces , and lower casing all text .
replaces the given variables in the expression .
generate poster metadata .
test image visual
returns info about loader for the specified dependency
convert from datetime to sif .
try to convert candidate to int , or return the default _ value .
initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements .
return a list of all exes in path , recursive .
return a float representing the current system - wide cpu utilization as a percentage .
clears the memoized results for all functions decorated by memoize .
update specific children or fields
return a sorted headerelement list from a comma - separated header str .
a generator of strings , to support something similar to the xxd command .
simulate a function that returns system memory
get the coupon information to display in the pop up form
list installed npm packages .
used to extend the django template library with custom filters and tags .
given a relative path to a static asset , return the absolute path to the asset .
transform an opcode signature into rst nodes .
creates a new image by interpolating between two input images , using a constant alpha . : : out = image1 * + image2 * alpha
sets the http proxy settings .
get path to local copy of eegmmi dataset url .
return a file - like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes .
generate lagmatrix for 2d array , columns arranged by variables
this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy _ to _ crossentropy _ with _ softmax _ with _ bias .
returns a list of connected components in an undirected graph
prefixes command with any shell environment vars , e . g . path = foo .
check the return value of a read , raise exception if its not ok
chebyshev polynomial of the first kind .
generate a random sentence - like string .
capture the output of func when called with the given arguments .
create a symbolic link to a file
get all windows of x with length n as a single array , using strides to avoid data duplication .
adds the header hdr : value with the response .
activate the settings lang , or lang provided , while in context .
split a string via shelllexer .
create a continuous random variable with a students t distribution .
validate the given object using the schema , normalizing if necessary .
push an image onto the shared image stack .
open a resource from the zoneinfo subdir for reading .
write craft output .
build a soap addportmapping message .
location updating accept section 9 . 2 . 13
retrieves the application call that created this variable .
start debugging from frame .
extended glob function that supports the all the wildcards supported by the python standard glob routine , as well as a special " * * " wildcard that recursively matches any directory .
generate polygon perimeter coordinates .
raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
dummy view for remote user tests
return true if the object is a module .
setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module .
get a new mouse tool .
apply a function on input _ data , one minibatch at a time .
return the deciphered text that was made from the mapping , x rightarrow ax + b , where n is the number of characters in the alphabet .
add an extension pattern to the named generator
main application loop .
returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant _ depth for the supplied actionexecution _ id .
pull the columns from the thing / data tables for a list or single thing _ id
converts d - bus string to unicode string .
datetime to decimal .
produce a list of extension instances which passed to cythonize ( ) .
forbids multi - line headers , to prevent header injection .
runs code in environment and returns the output .
get all services that match the criteria .
restart nginx as well as django
given an string this method looks for typical javscript strings and try to identify if the string contains javascrit code or not .
build a table to display completed list
get a data : url for the broken qutebrowser logo .
get groups for numpy structured array on specified keys .
copy all stat info from src to dst
filter sequence to return only major considered numbers
returns list containing content from " textual " tags > > > extracttexttagcontent [ utitle , ufoobar ]
short cut for an error next redirect
ensures that a process or group name is not created with characters that break the eventlistener protocol or web ui urls
whether or not user is admin according to policy setting .
currently executing task .
conditionally wrap given command in env . shell
tests the creation of a file extension
read a dipole text file .
mangle identifier with c type names
set the given properties on a volume and update it .
this method updates a volume attachment entry .
compute the convex hull image of individual objects in a binary image .
setup the arduino component .
deep copy operation on arbitrary python objects .
ensure the named service is dead .
filter out private items in a user dict .
provides a generic context variable name for the object that ratings are being rendered for , and the rating form .
main function to run the script .
calculates a point biserial correlation coefficient and its p - value .
return white top hat of an image .
get names of defined fonts
client api operation adapter / wrapper
transpose mat inplace .
returns a form field for a db . categoryproperty .
create a new server group with the specified details .
event add form
return the user id for the given user name or id .
returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non - keyword arguments
download data for a single equity .
returns the canonical absolute path of rpath .
convert a metric resource to the native object .
computes the median of a sequence .
pack the data suitable for sending in a channel _ open packet .
map words from word2vec into rnn word space
check if a string is a valid git sha1 string
the maintenance function handles repeated checks and updates that the server needs to do .
adds time to date and returns the resulting date .
pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size , which must be a multiple of 1024 bytes .
tests that the theano expression emitted by f computes the same values as the ground truth python function
creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape .
get list of all subscriptions to a specific topic .
discard trailing non - relation field if extant .
cast an expression inplace .
encodes multipart post data from a dictionary of form values .
return a file hash , the hash type is set in the master config file
wait for the specified port to become active .
return only params kwargs that are for cmd and rename them to a clean version args are shared across all cmds all args and kwarks are lowerd cmd are separated by " | " e . g . & cmd = shows | future kwargs are namespaced with " . " e . g . show . tvdbid = 101501 if a karg has no namespace asing it anyways full e . g .
print list of available network interfaces
return string to log / print explaining the given error .
display an array as a matrix in a new figure window .
encrypts the given message using pkcs # 1 v1 . 5
parse text string and return patch ( ) object
return a configured oslo _ messaging notifier .
publish to pypi
a helper function to find the defined names in statements , for loops and list comprehensions .
compute the key and the message with hmac sha512
return an integer from an array of hex bytes
manage user account login : string login name password : string password password _ hashed : boolean set if password is a nt hash instead of plain text domain : string users domain profile : string profile path script : string logon script drive : string home drive homedir : string home directory fullname : string full name account _ desc : string account description machine _ sid : string specify the machines new primary group sid or rid user _ sid : string specify the users new primary group sid or rid account _ control : string specify user account control properties . .
only load if the influxdb module is available
display the login form
return a list of all activities at an offset with a limit .
tells the client if the string looks like a revision id or not
keeps track of the number of braces on a given line and returns the result .
test raw copy .
only load if chef execution module is available .
perform part of the trapezoidal rule to integrate a function .
return coeff * factors unevaluated if necessary .
internal function to determine what executable is pid 1 , aka init by checking / proc / 1 / exe
takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the
convenience wrapper around oslos execute ( ) method .
check files under directory are symlinks .
queries tor for its version .
generate an isocurve from vertex data in a surface mesh .
utility function : return structure changed
return parallel instance with delayed function
calculate the sigma for a list of integers .
attempts to load the module ; returns a boolean indicating success or fail .
compute the key necessary to encrypt each object , depending on the id and generation number .
return the timezone associated with the given datetime object formatted as string indicating the offset from gmt .
enumerator : id equals constant _ expression
set up a periodic call to prompt a relaying manager to check state .
used to shuffle the dataset at each iteration .
given a file name , return a fully qualified file name , or none
put object directly from the object server .
return degree of single node or of nbunch of nodes .
determines whether the enterprise app is installed
return find command for paths containing coffee files
get the region for the current request lifecycle .
return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
sets the default float type .
format a number in national format for dialing using the specified carrier .
build a map from fasta header from split _ libraries .
given one result from mapbox , converted to a dictionary keyed on type , return a country object or none
return a url that can be used to clone a repository , eliminating the protocol and user if either exists .
build all the evolution links
get the kernel architecture setting from com . apple . boot . plist
update or add resources from resource dict in dll / exe file dstpath .
translate interactive expressions into normal abstract expressions
note that the default title and category will be used if the yaml schema version is less than exp _ domain . exploration . last _ untitled _ schema _ version , since in that case the yaml schema will not have a title and category present .
determine the amount of parameter banks the given device has
get new repository .
search keys from keyserver text
create a new rc4 object .
view function that returns xmodule urls as a json list ; meant to be used as an api
clear background job queues .
encode a dict as an amqp table appending the encded table to the pieces list passed in .
declaration _ specifiers : storage _ class _ specifier
write records stored in a dataframe to a sql database .
crops the clip to make dimensions even .
returns an appropriate script , based on settings , according to theme _ settings definition to be used by theme _ settings and theme _ create .
display the registration metadata for a registration .
whittle the preface gcode text .
orders a column according to order specified as string .
return the translations for the given term ( s ) and language ( s ) .
splodge a gcode linear move text .
extract messages from makos lexer node objects
joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently .
generates the xml for bindings for the specified database field .
returns an iterator of ( feature , weight , ) - tuples , sorted by the given feature selection method and document frequency threshold .
create a combination hash from a mapping of variable identifiers to value identifiers .
generates a sha1 hash for supplied string .
loads and returns the wsgi application as configured by the user in settings . wsgi _ application .
edit file with external editor .
helper to create an initialized variable with weight decay .
get the mode for compile of a given node .
returns the redirect url for staff enrollment
lock or unlock a question
enable the post mortem debugging excepthook .
get the method at the bottom of a stack of decorators .
check that cybersource has accepted the payment .
ensures that the named dns record is present with the given ttl .
compute prediction results
paste before cursor .
return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes .
splashes the given image array on the given pygame screen
get text with strings replaced according to replace . csv file .
we monkeypatch django admins render _ to _ response to work in our jinja environment .
dispatch with no type info
check window size input .
return a validation object that looks like the add - on validator .
returns context variables helpful for debugging .
helper method to add team _ count for a list of topics .
gets the service name to use , based on if were on the dev server .
serialize all the rule object as string which is used to compare the rules list .
first order polynomial regression model .
to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
parses upload creation string from header format .
shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters .
determine the default cache location
convert s to int or raise
utility function that will clear all the previous stats from my wivet instance , very helpful for performing analysis of the stats after the scan ends .
implementation based on ali moukadem matlab code .
turns a three - letter code protein sequence into one with single letter codes .
get geometry output by side loop .
debug a test script .
returns true if value is iterable and false otherwise .
supports the command - line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere .
get the default arguments from the function and assign as instance vars .
this function is executed after n _ steps of hmc sampling .
return the current context .
build a text report showing the main recommender metrics
monitor the number of unexpected errors logged in the cluster .
setup docs in target folder of target app
parse the tformn keywords for ascii tables into a tuple .
dynamically load the rate limiting config from the database .
delete the redemption entry from the table and unenroll the user who used the registration code for the enrollment and send him / her the unenrollment email .
this is a generic container / image inspecton function .
delete a specific dashboard .
setup modbus binary sensors .
returns current utc timestamp
mounts the device specified by dev _ path in dir .
download report locally
install the passed package ( s ) with brew install name
add faces from a reversed convex polygon .
list the files that belong to a package .
tests if the multiclass classifier is computed correctly
add a job to the queue .
creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs .
convert a : class : gst . taglist to plain python types .
decorator to merge addition by a value on the output .
connect a client and server l { broker } together with an l { iopump }
return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting
read a line in a valuation file .
converts payload fields to their real names .
save all open matplotlib figures of the example code - block
keep calling function for timeout secs and exit if eval ( ) expression is true .
return constructor for class object , or none if there isnt one .
this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts .
show virtual interface info about the given server .
create a matrix of all binary strings of a given width as the rows .
call shell - command and either return its output or kill it if it doesnt normally exit within timeout seconds and return none
rfc 2822 date formatter
require tomcat to be installed .
searches for a stored token with the desired key .
shows useful information about how - to configure alias .
return a context manager that raises resourcedenied when various issues with the internet connection manifest themselves as exceptions .
search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern
decorator to protect sys . dont _ write _ bytecode from mutation and to skip tests that require it to be set to false .
build a query url for a quandl wiki dataset .
ensure the racadm command is installed
add a tool plugin menu .
yield matching logs , optionally filtering by application _ id or job _ id .
return weighted sum of difference between p and q .
return html components to embed a bokeh plot .
bootstraps a node . js application .
escape a few xml special chars with xml entities .
reads the contents of a matrix market file - like source into a matrix .
parse the first yaml document in a stream using the astropyloader and produce the corresponding python object .
download most recent pricing information from aws and convert to a local
require the locale to be the default .
returns a list containing all global site - packages directories .
generate bootstrap pagination context from a page object
create a temporary directory beneath base _ path .
private function used to compute predictions within a job .
chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on : math : [ - 2 , 2 ] .
return information about a group
incrementally write out a string representation of c { root } using c { write } .
execute a single low data call
loads client secrets from the given filename .
prompt and use git grep to find the content .
create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
decorator that specifies if user can expect page loading from this action .
return the sentinel line from the output file .
concatenate indexed dataframes together along the index
indicates if a group name exists in a project .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
blocked variant of numpy . histogram .
create the tables and insert default values .
book [ " date " ] looks like november 2014 so we need to split on the space and then take the second piece
get additional version information from the windows registry and return a tuple referring to version number , csd level and os type .
catches the signal that a course has been published in studio and enable the self - generated certificates by default for self - paced courses .
normalize a real set theta in the interval [ 0 , 2 * pi ) .
determine if a token is pkiz .
load this module if prlctl is available
return a randomly sampled n x n stochastic matrix with k nonzero entries for each row .
remove one or more packages .
make c { root } into an iterable of c { str } and l { deferred } by doing a depth first traversal of the tree .
return a lagrange interpolating polynomial .
plot the values in a color palette as a horizontal array .
checks to see if the indexing feature is enabled
given a parsed options object , opens the whoosh index and returns a
create a tip lookup index on the tree
get all instance types .
retrieve a list of mapbox vector tile responses and merge them into one .
parses a string using jinja templating .
create a dataframe representing assets that exist for the full duration between start _ date and end _ date .
opens a dotclear export file , and yield pelican fields
if master is not none , itself is returned .
statements : statements statement
return a dict of environment variables that fakes - - temp - basedir .
remove item from six . moves .
turn on / off the tracability .
expose this function to the web layer .
converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body
this function is the first derivative of the expln function .
safely find sample boundaries .
chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on : math : [ - 2 , 2 ] .
create a new instance record in the database .
parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
run doctest on the given module .
mock response for localhost metadata URL
transform an xri to iri - normal form .
prints out a blobs access control list .
start a server ; shut down on keyboard interrupt signal .
prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output .
get trash interval
initializer for syncmanager
monitor the rate of failed service requests on the server .
structural unification of two expressions / patterns
parse devices to add as specified on the command line .
build optionparse and validate it whether the format is new command - line format or not .
this test case complements cpythons test _ import . py
check if the windows credentials are valid
return error html associated with exception
get the keywords needed to build an instance of traffic data .
simple implementation of label ranking average precision
list all deployments on the jboss instance jboss _ config
execute python code safely .
fix the file records created via item . py even if the website _ image file didnt exist
return a list of blobinfo objects ordered by most recently created .
parse an http basic / digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser .
get the status of the container .
list " packages " installed on the rest server
a slightly modified version of the erfa function eraatciqd .
get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
create a basic website in iis .
creates a pipeline that does the same as bedpostx script from fsl - calculates diffusion model parameters voxelwise for the whole volume .
variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one .
updates the requirements file with mezzanines version number .
checks whether user can view reports on given project .
function needed to make build _ ext tests pass .
return the appropriate location for a plugged - in vbd device
a signal receiver which updates the last _ login date for the user logging in .
return users in the cohort .
this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
add bokehjs to pages that contain plots .
validates all models that are part of the specified app .
get a path to the directory of this script .
create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket
create a blank canvas of the specified size and color
the function to predict ( classification will then consist in predicting whether g ( x ) < = 0 or not )
sets the modules output format .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
remove section / keyword from ini database
get the global saved stub .
returns a list , might be more than one mode
sets up a mock gdataservice v1 client to reuse recorded sessions .
compute the accuracy of the model
checks the date is in the correct range .
create / ensure a user is created with provided settings .
find the first file to match the path and ref , read the file out of git and send the path to the newly cached file
call a single id from the named module ( s ) and handle all requisites
dummy implementation of thread . exit ( ) .
set the path separator on rarfile module
returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app .
this test reveal a bug that there is a del on uninitialized variable
compare lists of mpmath . mpfs or mpmath . mpcs directly so that it can be done to higher precision than double .
get githubs usable emoji .
the http post binding defines a mechanism by which saml protocol messages may be transmitted within the base64 - encoded content of a
this method gives you the most recently * completed * audit period .
for roles which simply wrap a given node _ class around the text .
solves any kind of ordinary differential equation and system of ordinary differential equations .
build a request _ spec for the scheduler .
turns a django template into something that is understood by xgettext .
map the server status string to a vm state .
return the number of initial spaces in a string .
returns the location of the given language code , or the default locale root if none is provided .
takes a username and password and returns a byte string suitable for using as value of an authorization header to do basic auth .
return startup _ items information from osquery
generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _ get _ default _ tempdir will try .
only load the module if ipset is installed
converts a string into all uppercase .
main entry point for module execution
list all the folders for this vmware environment
helper to call a services method with some params , using a wsgi - supplied start _ response callback .
augment dictionary of target attributes for policy engine .
converts a node into a rubeus grid format
the preferred method for loading minecraft levels of any type .
set button font weight given isbold .
tokenize a location path into location steps .
returns true if the supplied region supports mobile number portability .
given storage and an array of values , return a new value to represent the list .
directory tree generator .
this wrapper function is used to do some preflight checks on functions used for padding ansistrings .
try the pass - in argument arg on all methods target has .
return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string .
measurement report section 9 . 1 . 21
compare two statements based on the levenshtein distance of each statements text .
build a docker image using the specified sls modules and base image .
strips microseconds from a timedelta .
an internal helper to prohibit isinstance etc .
remove marker file
create the certificate object from the retrieved certificate data .
save a collection item to disk
adds a grant to a key to specify who can access the key and under what conditions .
set the mired color temperature .
get the exit code of the server , or none if it is still running .
stores the shipping type and total in the session .
get the installed python versions list .
extracts package version from " pkg list - v " output .
simulate mkdir - p shell command .
check if library that failed to load cannot be found under any templatetags directory or does exist but fails to import .
set the color limits of the current image
plot both the trace and the model together
add one or more config lines to the switch running config . .
check if a string is a channel name .
uses cublascgemmbatched to compute a bunch of complex dot products in parallel .
direct _ abstract _ declarator : lparen abstract _ declarator rparen
factory function for utc unpickling .
parsing old solexa / illumina fastq like files .
writes the object to the local cache using pickle .
disassociate the network from project or host
a special purpose view for updating the connection with an existing user - updates the access token - sets the facebook _ id if nothing is specified - stores friends and likes if possible
returns the given html with all tags stripped
return whether the given value can be used as a json - p callback .
only load the module if varnish is installed
checks that the expr is not rewritten
unmount a path .
open a file in a safe way and return : exc : httpresponse with status code 200 , 305 , 401 or 404 .
takes string which may or may not be quoted and unquotes it .
build a codon alignment from a protein alignment and corresponding nucleotide sequences
return data to a postgres server
find objects in a labeled array .
a decorator to add a data kwarg to any a function .
set whether this installation is opted - out from telemetry submissions .
send an email with the data
determine if the loop number is equal .
display the current values of all performance statistics or configuration variables whose names match the given regular expression .
look for it as if it was a full path , if not , try local file , if not try in the data directory .
group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
updates the table options for the given model if necessary .
a helper function that helps the tokenizer to decide if the current token may be followed by a division operator .
create and return a bloom filter for expected entries .
return the wait _ for _ timeout for resource provisioning .
initialize the predictions for each train / test time points .
returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers , based on response code .
get the character encoding of the xml document http _ headers is a dictionary xml _ data is a raw string
get a cleaned up name of a signal .
compute isolating intervals for roots of f .
converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
add a github user .
fixture that returns cpu and gpu backends for 16 and 32 bit
if a controller method has completed successfully then calling this method will prepare the response .
returns tuple of after validating rule params .
callback method to use in tests
reverse of dumps ( ) , raises badsignature if signature fails .
creates a monit configuration file and prompts monit to start cassandra .
turns the given source sequence into a list of reg - exp possibilities and their arguments .
converts a term in the expansion of a function from binary to its variable form .
return an errors dict with some arbitrary errors in it , suitable to be passed to validator functions for testing .
clears community details .
create ad - hoc noise covariance .
send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm
exclude the selected components on close .
works on a file , returns a file - like object
returns a filehandle
add detection for rising and falling events .
a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes
initialize a database with for the orm .
add pillar from convex loops and grids .
get template engine used by a given theme .
get the names and default values of a callables arguments
helper function to extract a timestamp from requests that require one .
parse out the kappa parameters .
list the versions available for the given function .
least common multiple .
determines whether a given page is the parent of another page
save prng state to a file
return current theme object .
return time information from osquery
translate a given key .
test mne with fixed - orientation inverse operator on raw .
compute wronskian for [ ] of functions | f1 f2 . . .
do everything thats necessary to send a message to a matrix room .
given a python bytestring , returns a string representing those bytes in unicode form .
common logic for machinectl pull - * commands
decorator which adds seamless dashboarderror handling to a view .
applies the task _ fcn to the arguments defined in entry _ id instructortask .
registers a middleware class
goes through each bridge member if it sees a dash add glob before it
setup the ifttt service component .
gets id of requested user
modifies a gdataservice object to allow it to run on app engine .
rest controller for saved filters
wrapper around six . text _ type to convert none to empty string
propagates the given graph root node output port field connections to the out - edge destination nodes .
return details about all elasticache cache clusters .
returns a form field for a db . integerproperty .
true if point datetime specification is before now .
returns proxy host and port .
create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
do basic configuration for the logging system .
return a set of strings .
heavily based on djangos django . contrib . humanize implementation of naturaltime
loads the data file and spits out a h5 file with record of { y , review _ text , review _ int }
a contextmanager that swallows standard psutil access exceptions .
validates an x - container - sync - to header value , returning the validated endpoint , realm , and realm _ key , or an error string .
remove a server : port member from a servicegroup
block is a raw string file .
sphere test objective function .
enable debug hooks for failures .
append a fake http header x - forwarded - for to bypass
create a mds
converts a serialized parameter string into a numpy array .
get device counters , filtered by zone
api docs dummy generator .
this will translate a block of text with parameters .
test reactive rectpolygon attributes
creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring .
recursively returns all atoms in nested lists and tuples .
escape url as suggested by rfc 3986
python - mode completions for @ ( and $ {
returns a function that checks that specified keys are present in a dict .
read the log file and return match whole string . .
return davis southern women social network .
prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary .
try to format a string , swallowing all errors to always return a string .
gets a dataset tuple with instructions for reading mnist .
find fiducial files .
function to return all the translations for the given series
checkout the requested version , set sys . path so that the new version will be found when import is called .
add attributes to pytest in all tests .
create and initialize an astroid from import statement
parses " legacy " version string
a module to find pre - trained maltparser model .
rebuild a code object from its _ reduce _ code ( ) results .
setup the emby platform .
makes a simple matlab tag , full or sde
return a global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group .
create a tenant network .
rescan the iscsi hba to discover iscsi targets .
solve the linear equations a x = b , given the cholesky factorization of a .
assign forum default role student to user
return the url for the configured support page .
callback to fire when theres input to be read
set the filename attribute to filename on every node in tree
helper function for get _ config
return a list of potential user - shared config dirs for this application .
return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h .
this creates a mach dsym file from the given uuid and open file object to a dsym file .
normalize a python package name a la pep 503
crops the title to a specified length
return the local number of pixels .
underpinnings of run and sudo .
get print format for given document .
authenticate via pam
takes a set of possible problems and gets the actual issues out of it .
return true if we are running within the specified thread .
debug a test script .
set and retrieve the value of response . body
compute the square root of each element of the matrix mat .
returns a list of - tuples of spelling corrections .
marks up any extra whitespace in the specified text .
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
get start time for a systemcronflow class .
get all defaults
encode with quoted - printable , wrapping at maxlinelen characters .
version string to tuple
return the amount of indentation .
set up the speedtest sensor .
display alternatives settings for defined command name
set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor .
a tablemodel template that generates a new tablemodel class for each call .
ensure that a path exists .
returns the hamiltonian for the given velocity and position .
handle the add , remove , promote , demote requests ensuring the requester has authority
powers down the managed server .
create a manager for the either side of a many - to - many relation .
delegate to pip the given args , and raise pipexception if something goes wrong .
get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url
decode / decompress a base64 string .
location edit page
return a structure listing all of the selinux booleans on the system and what state they are in
set the http cookie header
get the user list for a specific database on the ms sql server .
attempt to determine if a . sample file is appropriate for copying to ~ / tool - data when a tool shed repository is being installed into a galaxy instance .
return an imdbid from an url .
clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy _ test _ no _ cleanup is set .
flow a gcode linear move file .
serializes a value to json and encodes it using urllib . quote .
merge all the information from the command outputs into one consolidated test suite which contains all tests which were run .
add an rule to the temporary ip allow list .
returns the set of equivalence classes of the given iterable under the specified equivalence relation .
get the text value of the first child text node of a node .
generate new self - signed certificate .
return true if the current user has permission to add a new page under target .
get logical volume size in bytes .
converts python built in type to db . model type .
theoretical autocovariance function of arma process
this function compares strings in somewhat constant time .
create an alternate file next to an existing file .
unifies vils inner variable to orv .
runs the application interatively , wrapping raw _ interactive but returning the output in a formatted way .
parses and unpacks the encoded string command line parameter and returns native python data structures that can be passed to the operation .
create an image _ service and parse the id from the given image _ href .
delete a media .
undo requests monkey patch
mark this object as deleted .
revert review _ unavailable back to needs _ review .
this function tries to compute the image shape of convolution gradinputs .
verifies the given plugin _ type is valid and returns a tuple of
get the selected plugin module .
get descending area loops which include most of the points .
create a shift reduce parser app , using a simple grammar and text .
check whether there is enough space for download packages
compute differentially private projection .
fake version of os . open .
returns the curl of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
obtains the list flattened output sizes of a list of cores .
return the root window for the current desktop .
shift a name from path _ info to script _ name , returning it
lists all nspawn containers
construct an absolute url to a static asset .
build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels .
returns deprecation information about deprecated _ block _ types
set up repeated cuda fft multiplication with a given filter .
this is the websocket handler function .
accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type - - > fixer list .
whether exclude the directory when loading build .
generate a callable which yields a series of stubbed responses .
print a single field name / value pair .
helper for the response objects to check if the iterable returned to the wsgi server is not a string .
counts the number of elements of x that fall within the grid points v
returns the color of a single pixel on the led matrix .
creates the look - up table .
truncate the series in the x variable with precision prec , that is , modulo o
train cifar - 10 for a number of steps .
download daily 10 year treasury rates from the federal reserve and return a pandas . series .
helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary
return true if the instance is found on a provider
return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
find and process the suite with setup / teardown methods .
returns the prerequisite content usage key and minimum score needed for fulfillment of that prerequisite for the given gated _ content _ key .
for virt only .
clears out the exception logs table of all exception entries that have expired past the ttl .
convert a wximage to a pil image
obtain uptime from show version data
convert the xml element to a path xml element .
gets the network object for the requested network .
open file and return a stream .
avoid depending on pip for this task
this function creates an inline code block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the code role usage : *
class decorator that ensures only unique members exist in an enumeration .
return a date from a date or a datetime
secret key generation taken from djangos startproject . py
this script sleeps for the number of seconds specified by the command line argument .
factory for easyec2 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file .
create a helper function for getting a node from a deployment .
load an odf file into memory
returns the certificate info for a user for grade report .
port generated annotations to annotations with custom extractors .
validates that the shared photos have been saved to the default viewpoint of any follower that has the target viewpoint marked as " auto - save " .
put terminal into a cbreak mode .
generate a string representation of an antlr parse tree for debugging .
returns the master datastore ip .
gauss - generalized laguerre quadrature .
parse a module source code to obtain : classes , functions and assigns .
return which platforms are available
returns a best guess at whether the specified sqlalchemy model class is modified on updates .
get the gid and group name .
get the location constraint an s3 bucket needs so that other aws services can connect to it in the given region .
return javascript code and a script tag that can be used to embed
retrieves information for a given image .
merge supplied config , if provided , on top of builtin defaults .
import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop .
learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
displays the date , formatted according to the given string .
create a list of values from a whitespace and newline delimited text .
check if directory is valid for processing
given a len 3 rgb tuple of 0 - 1 floats , return the hex string
decompile python byte - code file
print the value of an expression from the callers frame .
used in bgppathattr to check if the extended - length flag is set .
defines split module store .
thunk to load the real stringio on demand
creates a django app for the given app _ name in the given directory .
return tensor to read from tfrecord
this just assumes that words in all caps or titles are named entities .
a shortcode role that passes through raw inline html .
get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version
get the divmod .
get command line args from the user .
creates a function that converts a setting into a dict with the given types .
find and return a : class : boto . ec2 . regioninfo . regioninfo object given a region name .
parses single hosts line into tuple host , key fingerprint .
an adaptive learning rate optimizer
a reply handler for commands that havent been added to the reply list .
attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window , through tput .
forces a value to be rendered as a localized value , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
get all x509 certs from a keyinfo dictionary .
unrooted post - order traversal of a graph .
unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory .
start up a socket server on the specified port , and listen for new configurations .
return a dict of available instances sizes and convert them to something more serializable .
returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs .
checks whether sol is a solution of equation f = = 0 .
adds a message with the info level .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
add the points from every point on a half path and between points .
check whether the key material for session tickets must be rotated .
sets the locale for category to the default setting .
in the case that a file is corrupted , move it to a quarantined area to allow replication to fix it .
determine field type , default value , references , etc .
return the specified number of cryptographically - strong random bytes .
namespace handler for the tree config namespace .
resets a students attempts counter or starts a task to reset all students attempts counters for entrance exam .
create an rdataset with the specified ttl , and with the specified list of rdata objects .
neutralizes reflective values in a given content based on a payload
finds previous weekday
build an argparser for this cli tool .
do the hard work for readmodule [ _ ex ] .
determine if a repository has a changeset revision review prior to the received changeset revision .
parse the various parameters from the file .
return the yaml config file path for a given check name or raise an ioerror .
return the ps grain
make all coefficients positive in k [ x ] .
returns sessions of the current user .
find an executable tmp directory .
get the service command line parameters from registry
add a dns safe option to slugify
changes a flag on the partition with number .
take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an
checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary .
returns a list with categories .
most everything has the ability to support at ( 1 )
check the environment for reasons libnotify isnt working .
only work on posix - like systems
push value to the stack
removes existing entrance exam graders attached to the specified course
return the canonical form of a property given its type if it is a valid one , none otherwise .
return the size of of the data disk in mb . .
reset all runtime statistics for the load balancer
for creating bar charts and such , this tag calculates the ratio of a given value to a maximum value , and then applies that ratio to a constant .
get the sql required to create a single model .
strip / replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings
ensure the container agent is enabled / disabled as specified .
checks whether given string contains only format strings and possible punctation .
call f on each item in seq , calling inter ( ) in between .
determine number trials such that at least one outlier - free subset is sampled for the given inlier / outlier ratio .
return a list of email addresses found in text , formatted using formataddr .
convert a # dbref to a valid object .
set up a logger which logs all the messages with level debug and above to stderr .
this is a typical memoization decorator , but there is one difference :
return h - tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x .
render the profile page for the specified username .
populate new project dependen default data
projection vectors to the simplex domain
generate cryptographically strong tokens , which are strings like m6x5 - yo5w - t5ik .
return a query for all activities from datasets that user _ id follows .
performs bootstrap resampling on numpy arrays .
enable / disable commerceconfiguration model
this is taken from the git setup . c : is _ git _ directory function .
returns an uid , given a user name .
create a new profile if a monitor of this type and name does not already exists .
clean up open windows and tabs .
populate dict with tags read from media file .
return the sid for this windows service
get the entrypoint for the subproject , which must be installed .
calculate the bounding box of the text .
get complete stream info from aws , via describe _ stream , including all shards .
provision flocker on a node using the root user .
specifies whether or not the dataset directory contains a label map file .
given a string object , regardless of type , returns a representation of that string in the native string type , encoding and decoding where necessary .
yield matching spark logs , optionally filtering by application _ id or job _ id .
require a pgp key for apt .
when running lettuce tests using examples , the normal hooks arent called between examples .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with select fields .
convert the region of a the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . bitmap .
find the edges of an image using the laplace operator .
return the encoding the given alias maps to , or the alias as passed if no mapping is found .
defines the inception v1 architecture .
gets information about the defined api keys .
for numbers 1 - 9 , returns the number spelled out .
filters a list of dictionary by a set of key - value pair .
convenience routine for doing an mx lookup of a name .
returns a timezone aware utc timestamp .
calculate username from email address .
return the secret key for use for xsrf protection .
tests projects are not created with bad arguments .
collect multiple option values into a single set .
adds a message with the debug level .
add labels to host .
parse a single thrift file to module object , e . g . : : > > > from thriftpy . parser . parser import parse > > > note _ thrift = parse
test that identical strings will always return a perfect match .
returns a key function that produces a key by removing headers from a dict .
gets an s3 put url for clients to write mobile device logs .
this pops up windows . forms message box in a seperate thread containing the exception that occurred .
create a launch configuration .
get the revision history for resources .
search tcl or tk configuration file for version line
rebuilds the search index .
returns an array of the modal value in the passed array .
ping the default gateway .
load comparablex509 cert .
simple white heteroscedasticity robust covariance note : calculating this way is very inefficient , just for cross - checking
connect to aws codedeploy
this will create the 5 default groups .
infer the pyobject this pyfunction returns after calling
removes a service or a check
return an incomplete connector object .
return a mock scanner .
a child process worker which consumes messages based on the notifications given by the controller process
this fixture enables verifying json schema .
return detailed information for an active server
only return if all the modules are available
format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale - a .
makes the clip disappear progressively , over duration seconds .
chunk the items to index .
computes elementwise reciprocal of square root of input : math : x _ i .
checks the site name to determine whether to use the edx . org footer or the open source footer .
send message to the people with role of alert approval
checks wheather a serializer generates text or binary .
invite a new user .
for computing the output chunks of fft and ifft
integrate plugins to the context .
create a base class with a metaclass .
craft a gcode file with the last module .
check to see if the host os matches the query .
returns the dhcp options object currently associated with the requested vpc id using the vpc connection variable .
check if bumper enabled .
convert seconds to a simple simple string describing the amount of time .
validate a mongodb namespace .
return objects tracked by the garbage collector with a given class name .
tests which are generated on the fly have names like : foo . bar . spam ( , )
return the union of _ u _ and _ v _ .
serialize the provided positional argument .
generate pseudorandom nonce that is unlikely to repeat .
list public repositories for the specified username .
save to postgis if there is a datastore .
convenient factory for objects implementing response interface .
decode header byte 2
replace # ! python with # ! / path / to / python
convert package _ dirname to a valid package name string , if necessary .
converts a quadratic bezier curve to a cubic approximation .
identical strings are not stored multiple times .
removes useless attributes from the fields defn .
adds a message with the success level .
ensure that c { cls } is an old - style class .
raises a valueerror if * token * is not a valid xml token .
format a timestamp as text .
parses out any distribution - related arguments , and uses them to obtain a distribution class instance for the build .
constructs the query string for the state of the current query for the jobs page .
convert all keys in a dictionary to lowercase ; keep their original values .
check if the given file exists .
compute the normalized root mean - squared error between two images .
equity edit page
handler that uses hotshot to store profile data .
helper method to copy a variable and annotate it .
produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration .
the fileselectbox is a motif - style box with various enhancements .
kegg list - entry list for database , or specified database entries .
common code for raising exceptions when reading a file fails
displays name of the code object of the current frame
helper function to stay backward compatible .
computes mean and std for batch then apply batch _ normalization on batch .
fetches the logs for the current active session from the debug log file .
check if address is a valid ip .
set up the cli and config - file options that may be parsed and program commands .
retrieves the local ip address of a network interface .
given a query string parameter for resources , validate it meets the expected format and return a dict of amounts , keyed by resource class name .
this function launches the given url in the default viewer application for this file type .
copy a slice of an array around to its other side
generate a timeseries sequence with a value for every sample expected .
receive a pack file after negotiating its contents using smart protocol .
create cross - platform menu items
publish a command " from the minion out to other minions " .
the identity activation function , shortcut is linear .
utility function to return a list of all words that are have a length greater than a specified number of characters .
returns the version of the current instance .
to be used in conjunction with the object _ list generic view .
am i little endian
disconnect all the signals on entry model .
returns a proxied representation of c { obj }
a short syllable in a word is either : - a vowel followed by a non - vowel other than w , x or y and preceded by a non - vowel - a vowel at the beginning of the word followed by a non - vowel .
return the absolute name of the module to be imported .
begins watching source files for changes .
adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
subresultant prs algorithm in k [ x ] .
helper initialiser method to create the regular - expression pattern to match extensions , allowing the one - char extension symbols provided by single _ extn _ symbols .
converts a number between 0 and 255 to a base - 256 representation .
read the vertex list into a numeric array .
uncheck the specified checkboxes if value is true
get closest modules root begining from path # given : # / foo / bar / module _ dir / static / src / . . .
truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft - even symmetry
populate the event _ list variable to be used in jinja templates
checks if an object is a tty .
create slybot annotations from annotated html .
download a set of files in temporary local folder
get the context from an db entry , zip type .
set the element attribute dictionary or element matrix to the matrix .
remove the file .
assign an expression into a single variable .
write out information with the specified indent .
inserts values into tablename .
run markdown from the command line .
sets the https proxy settings .
waits for the element to become visible .
converts a uri in a given charset to a iri .
given a valid config , create an s3 bucket .
ask the user for a file .
creates a client for working with images .
determines whether parameter is a template or a value .
method decorator to tag a method as a remote procedure call .
validate email addresses of recipients and cc
generate the main examples gallery restructuredtext
get the file notification service .
returns the scene numbering , as retrieved from xem .
returns a formatted quote from a nick , random or selected by number
this will autofill all the empty necessary options that can be auto - generated from the necessary fields .
retrieves information for the virtual network .
check user authentication using http digest auth
write forward solution to a file .
update the current directory , files , or directories from the remote subversion repository cwd
wrapper around describe _ volumes .
download this object from s3 to a file - like object .
compute the limit of a nash linear quadratic dynamic game .
outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
calculate the variance for a list of integers .
try to guess sensible rewritings for integrand f ( x ) .
only load if the locale module is available in _ _ salt _ _
initializes apiapproval from an aff4 object .
display the signup form .
install a single file to the file system
create horizontal panorama by blending two images using a homography h .
retrieve all the permission grants for a particular user optionally filtering on : - resource uid - resource types - permission types
returns the path of the kernel
dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course
stop the reactor and join the reactor thread until it stops .
returns realtime mask based on flavor / image meta
translates a musicbrainz recording result dictionary into a beets trackinfo object .
compare two seqfeature objects
converts a vector - form distance vector to a square - form distance matrix , and vice - versa .
truncate an iterable to at most count items .
wait to see select output .
chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
return an optionparser for the script .
setup the camera .
parses the value of extra _ model _ fields , grouping the entries by model and instantiating the extra fields .
a hypothesis strategy to generate a node
main function for the sample .
reads the next phd record from the file , returning it as a record object .
compute a min _ step size required to reach a bound .
push a cib - file as the new cib to the cluster cibfile name / path of the file containing the cib scope specific section of the cib extra _ args additional options for creating the cib - file
tells if the target is newer than the source .
return true if the response is gzipped , or false otherwise
computes a list of monomials which are not divisible by the leading monomials wrt to o of g .
build the words dictionary and replace rare words with unk token .
create and initialize a astroid class node
check if a numpy array is sorted .
try to import and return module .
setup any state tied to the execution of the given function .
get the meaning from a protobuf value .
decode a from utf - 8 into unicode .
test rap - music with simulated evoked
called to set up the l { openssl . ssl . context } for doing npn and / or alpn negotiation .
upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url .
ask for multiple filenames to open
create a custom version of one of oscars apps
tailored instrumentation wrappers for any dict - like mapping class .
wrapper around sparsevariable constructor to construct a variable with a sparse matrix with the same dtype and format .
helper for building a warningcontext that ignores warnings from numpys nanfunctions .
computes felsenszwalbs efficient graph based image segmentation .
load social auth current user data to context .
step in stack , returning the item located .
return value within < > if possible , else return none .
validates whether url for repository browser is valid and can be filled in using format string .
for temp files that will ultimately be moved to output _ path anyway just create the file directly in output _ paths directory so shutil . move will work optimially .
prints experiment statistics .
drop a database .
tests the creation of a file extension
return content of str before the srch parameters .
compute dipole depth .
maps the e - series volume to multiattach host group .
generate vietes formulas for f .
return expr with terms having common square roots collected together .
its a video if it has exactly one pricelabel , and if the stripped text inside that pricelabel starts with video
prints a message to stderr
function to decide which key function to use .
a function with a mad crazy signature .
checks for common mistakes in comments .
get the date / time of the last failed login attempt
return data from the " end of central directory " record , or none .
maintain an edit in a file in a zone delimited by two line markers . .
some objects have a / in their names .
parse git log - - pretty = online output into pairs .
return list of student features as dictionaries .
parses a conditional subpattern .
set the state of a suggetion to rejected .
return true if header _ name is an http / 1 . 1 " hop - by - hop " header
ensure that a container is stopped . .
wait for device node to appear .
returns true if the value can be sent in a single sms message .
start following a dataset .
load the webgl backend for the ipython notebook
return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from an ubuntu machine .
get the " public " ip address without sending any packets .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
return a list of for each fragment in the video
display the login form
return a string describing the signature of a callable object , or .
list ip configurations
run migrations in online mode .
list all api versions .
encrypts data using aes encryption .
returns if a function is strictly decreasing or not , in the given interval .
test plotting of components as instances of raw and epochs .
load named plugin ( s ) .
setup the mysensors platform for covers .
script main program .
process and rewrite image uris .
assemble a file from a directory of fragments
pack a python object into an ae descriptor
ensure that an image is present .
find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups .
get the extrusion craft sequence .
destroy the image or raise if it does not exist .
converts a username to a sid , or verifies a sid .
return a valid representation class from value or raise exception .
checks that the file contains a header guard .
returns for all permissions in the given opts .
sorts objects alphabetically
this function takes a string suitable for use as argument for
parse a media - range into its component parts .
return a dict representing all cached images .
return the given or current time in requested format .
make sure that the named file or directory is absent .
extract all required lti parameters from a dictionary and verify that none are missing .
equations of this system of odes . .
read the data from the ssh channel
have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring .
simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
deletes all the provided files
creates a rowcol function similar to the rowcol function of a view
return a modified bartlett - hann window .
parse a valid looking date in the format yyyy - mm - dd
copy the format , perform any overrides , and attach an xlstyle instance copied format is returned
test whether filename matches pattern , including case .
multi - dimensional binary closing with the given structuring element .
return appropriate class of dataframe - like concat if any block is sparseblock , return sparsedataframe otherwise , return 1st obj
check the status of random . org
returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency .
convert a string to list of integers representing token - ids .
convert a unix epoch time to a datetime object , in the utc timezone
use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location .
check if continuous query with given name exists on the database .
return the module specified by module .
breusch godfrey lagrange multiplier tests for residual autocorrelation
writes text to the stdout stream
endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding
parse changes file and return a dictionary with contributors .
convert private key to xml signature format
display twitter errors nicely
takes raw data and a dict of fields to output and filters the data based on those fields .
get cluster member status . .
choose the correct information element class .
compute the sample skewness .
only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value
overlay one image with another with alpha blending
generates a list of salt : / / / defaults . files and fetches them from the salt master .
marks the view method as standalone view ; this means that httpresponse objects returned from applicationcontent are returned directly , without further processing .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
evaluates single ast node .
this is fibonacci by recursion .
wrapper for inserting int64 features into example proto .
cache user name and channel id tuple
list the installed versions of python .
blink a lamp .
get ini parser with version . ini data .
convert datetime object to epoch with millisecond accuracy
get logical volume info .
get all file names matching a suffix in a directory , recursively .
list the installable versions of python .
if installed this causes djangos queries to be captured .
setup a gpio as input .
return a subsection as html , with the given name
lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 3
delete a dataset .
submits a task to generate a html file containing the executive summary report .
migration using pipes between initialized processes .
return true if the object is a method redefined via decorator .
given a function name , check to see if the given function name exists .
loads drivers for specific service .
execute command in a subshell , return stdout , stderr
test for incorrect kurtosis of nct
re - implementation of docopt . docopt ( ) function to parse anything at the end .
writes a stream to the provided file descriptor , returns the files name and bool .
return a list of the vms that in this location
find file in current dir or system path
open an output file for writing .
return netstat routing information for linux distros
gets the content of a file ; it may be a filename , file : url , or http : url .
update completions that include command aliases .
get the icondata for object .
given vpc properties , return the vpc id if a match is found .
return true if plot mode is interactive
send message to pushover
edit user profile view .
returns figure for a gantt chart
beautifies javascript through jsbeautifier and ignore some messages .
return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . base . resources . resource object .
use this method to get data for high score tables .
chop the hostname out of a url
get the name of a slot number in the chassis .
delete the policy from the given bucket
a version of pythons urllib . quote ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
undeploy a webapp app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
enable the service
basic validation of google storage paths .
creates a time - series of sinusoidal audio amplitudes .
convert other to decimal .
put the version of flocker indicated by package _ source onto all of the given nodes .
create a new group .
return the value for the given key of the multidict .
looks to see if zpool - features is available
display the current time as fuzzy time , e . g . " quarter past six " .
look for naptr rrs for the specified number in the specified domains .
identify and extract pem keys .
context manager for updating local current working directory .
a fragementation field condition
add / suffixes to directories .
return the authorized users dashboard activity stream as html .
returns the provider : doc : config key based on its id value .
make some change to a deployment state .
find shortest weighted paths and lengths from a given set of source nodes .
displays the headers and data list together
check if a database exists .
extract hostname and port from uri .
generate a random integer within a given internal .
deletes a sequence of keys .
only load the module if htpasswd is installed
mailinglist edit page
the default prefix for temporary directories .
only load if boto is available .
return a key for a value .
return path to notifier applet executable .
trigger processing of node if all of its dependencies are satisfied .
given a request from one of these - js authentication flow - facebook app authentication flow - facebook oauth redirect - mobile authentication flow - offline access token stored in user profile returns a graph object redirect path is the path from which you requested the token for some reason facebook needs exactly this uri when converting the code to a token falls back to the current page without code in the request params specify redirect _ uri if you are not posting and recieving the code on the same page
get the vector3 multiplied by a tetragrid without checking if the tetragrid exists .
test whether locator marks subs to be labeled
return a constructor for an encoder for a fixed - width field .
parses an error element .
resolve start node links .
return a specific parameter with a name from a http request .
return the matrix to translate a 2 - d point by x and y .
the hungarian algorithm .
return size and storage parameters from matrix market file - like source .
only make this state available if the selinux module is available .
tokenizer for the policy language .
ensure that a path exists .
checks if tuples are assigned .
looks up the location that the term maps to and sets it to the given value .
setup transaction before handling the request .
create generator for grouped correlation tests .
return python object in * source _ code * at * offset *
computes matrix power .
returns a list of nogotofail . mitm . connection . handlers class to use for handling data on connection .
an ascii lowercase function for xpath
inspect a traceback and its frame , returning source for the expression where the exception was raised , with simple variable replacement performed and the line on which the exception was raised marked with > >
merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values .
identify values to use in delete statements for a list of states to be deleted .
return the status for a service
prints a list of all available migrations , and which ones are currently applied .
starts a lightweight web server for development .
overrides the python logging facilitys handler . handleerror function to raise an exception instead of print and suppressing it .
network configuration defaults network _ profile as for containers , we can either call this function either with a network _ profile dict or network profile name in the kwargs nic _ opts overrides or extra nics in the form { nic _ name : { set : tings }
get gear path output .
parse out the parts of a docstring .
load the response from json data , return the dictionary or raw text
remove the named group
manage a certificate revocation list name :
test reading and writing of trans files .
this method returns a webshell content to be used in exploits , based on the extension , or based on the x - powered - by header .
delete a topic .
given a relying party discovery url return a list of return _ to urls .
returns pydoc generated output as html
draw pcoa graphs
parses a quantifier .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a bandpass filter .
index a list of documents into the provided index .
returns a key / value dictionary from a cookiejar .
turns an issue status code into a human - readable status string .
transforms sentences into a 2 - d matrix .
ensure all lazy model references have been resolved .
dev app server version of listdir .
return all unitary divisors of n sorted from 1 . . n by default .
the series rheader
instantiate class by name .
register the reporter classes with the linter .
returns the email address for a user
create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution .
encode a sequence of two - element tuples or dictionary into a url query string .
test automatic use of tight _ layout
deletes stored entities and time them .
initializes logging only to console .
emprirical mean residual life or expected shortfall
gets authorization info from a pin or refresh token .
validate that user - input cluster size is supported by installer .
attempts to set the process name .
will reuturn node if node will import name , or node will import * from package .
replacement for os . path . abspath with some enhancements and bug fixes .
set dns source to dhcp on windows
domain specific driver directory is invalid or contains invalid files .
get all instances belonging to a node .
test whether we are running python 3 .
combine denoiser and otu picker mapping file , replace flowgram ids .
given a list / queryset of units , builds a list with the unit data contained in a dictionary ready to be returned as json .
send a message to a slack room .
find first pickleable exception base class .
set the password for a named user .
remove a library that has been installed .
find the n largest elements in a dataset .
unpacks up to 4 bytes big endian .
parse a page given a relative file path
remove devices from a btrfs filesystem .
formats a numeric value using localization settings
method added for peepdf
restful crud controller
this method instantiates and returns a smart pointer to a low - level base cipher .
for each migration and matching instance record , update the node columns if the referenced host is single - node .
wrap the application in a component that will profile each request .
simple command - line program for powering on virtual machines on a system .
return the name of backend qos policy group based on its volume id .
prepares an http objects request method for jwt access .
returns the shortcut looking into custom _ shortcuts and
unary _ expression : plusplus unary _ expression
reads the next mpint from the data .
same as register _ admin _ extension but for public extensions .
very nice function
extract the url prefix from a regex match .
sample from one or more multinomial distributions defined by one - dimensional slices in pvals .
returns the hermite interpolation for x between a and b .
remove the " package already signed " warning if were not signing .
initialize the libravatar plugin
exact contents of json error messages depend on the installed version of json .
gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend .
get the description of available audio tracks .
return a list of minions
this decorator should only be used with views which have argument course _ key _ string or course _ id .
utility to assert a certain number of function calls .
delete a namespace content
register language support with the manager .
write a line of genbank info that can wrap over multiple lines .
read config file ( s ) and return config items as a dict
cleanup the oslo _ messaging layer .
return a list of all applicable test modules .
protect against re - patching the distutils if reloaded
verifies a signature using the given x . 509 public key certificate .
restful crud controller
decorator to output status info to stdout .
summary report about a list of issues , printing number and title .
returns proper host header value for a given target url > > > gethostheader www . target . com
close the preview window if it is present , otherwise do nothing
restrict an info structure to a selection of channels .
entry point for conversion process .
setup the demo binary sensor platform .
construct a polynomial from an expression .
given a module containing models , returns a list of the models .
read medline records one by one from the handle .
return the codename for the release of the current linux distribution , as a string .
return a gcp connection for google compute engine .
returns the co - occurence matrix of terms in the given iterable , string , file or file list , as a dictionary : { term1 : { term2 : count , term3 : count , . . . } } .
gets the module path without importing anything .
returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end
split a list of [ ] pairs after key = = split .
deeply iterate all modules on the global python path .
return the results of a call to system _ profiler - xml - detail full spinstallhistorydatatype as a dictionary .
the main wsgi application .
check if the urls were loaded correctly .
strip falsey entries .
return the full data about the publication , this is invoked in the same way as the publish function
return the path to a distribution installed inside a virtualenv . .
return a of filenames that have been modified relative to the index
factory function for making unary operator methods for filters .
return an instance of a clientexception or subclass based on an httplib2 response .
compares receiveds attributes with expecteds kwargs .
loads the parameters used for training
returns a bytestring version of s , encoded as specified in encoding .
analysis / synthesis using the stft inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
extract raw html from stash , reduce to plain text and swap with placeholder .
rulesection : rules section
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
reads fwd and rev read fastq files
fetch a module from the filesystem .
check if the running - configuration has changed , send an email notification when this occurs .
creates new ami module : ansiblemodule object ec2 : authenticated ec2 connection object
auth info with firebase auth .
used to figure out if something is actually a module
assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion name
get basic info to write out to the index . txt
iterate through folders and services in an arcgis rest service folder
creates a new figure .
interprets an object as a timezone .
replace sslsocket object and socket wrapping functions in : mod : ssl with cooperative versions .
find all instances of @ username in the string .
a timeout policy for l { clientservice } which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters .
returns a list of all the functions supported by talib
returns a klintegrator instance compatible with prior and posterior , or
strategy that rewrites an integrand .
ensure that the named interface is configured properly .
run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
finds the nearest on - sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates .
this is a wrapper around select . select ( ) that ignores signals .
factory function for producing function application methods for factor subclasses .
get all metadata for a snapshot .
return a list of dictionaries , each of which contains information for a file or directory contained within a directory in a repository file hierarchy .
template variables for each row in the table .
return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
update an existing user .
return ndarray from the tuple returned by rand _ structure ( )
return all possible permutations of l .
encode the given string and emit to stdout .
create a continuous random variable with a beta distribution .
returns config file for couchbase - server .
yields all possible expressions
decorates a function with args so it can be used within an arg _ scope .
in some cases where there are an insane number of processes being created on a system a pid can get recycled or assigned to a non - salt process .
return a callback to handle various search actions .
builds spec for the creation of a new virtual cdrom to the vm .
check the yum repos for updated packages
current node status . .
numbers from zero to n
returns true if url is local
return the latest published announcement or none .
compute time - frequency transforms .
if name is none then return empty dict
takes an object or a name and returns the name .
reshape long - format data to wide .
check existance of all hour , day , month aggregates for month _ date .
simple unicode slicer
serialize support data into a base64 - encoded string .
find a document marked as a cover in the opf
run a trading algorithm .
returns the violation count from the safecommit report .
returns a response that expired without ever being renewed .
test io for . dip files .
decompresses s and returns the result as a byte string .
returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false .
get solid output by interpolationoffset .
sets the viewable _ if _ private attribute for an explorations rights object .
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a virtual server if it does not already exists .
instantiate the number of processes that will run bears which will be responsible for running bears in a multiprocessing environment .
landing page for support .
list the installable versions of ruby runas
find file in current dir or system path
get complete stream info from aws , returning only when the stream is in the active state .
save a volume source estimate in a nifti file .
prompt ( ) appends given default value plus one space on either side
raw object from 4d neuroimaging magneswh3600 data .
check if file in path is an zip , rar or 7z file
emit an xml document for the given input _ dict .
add path to the pixel table .
create a predicate compatible with with _ retry which will retry if the raised exception satisfies the given predicate .
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
yield " good " tuples .
hmc stands for head - motion correction .
handler for synchronous updating billing information .
wrap a chunk of markdown text into a blockquote .
get the namespace of name .
get a list of directories containing sub - packages .
determine disk image info , such as filename , image format and storage pool , based on which hypervisor is used
returns a list of images that are public or owned by the given project _ id .
a unicode handling version of urllib . quote .
calculates the validation digit for the given number .
add new versions for a file .
this code is taken from pylearn2 :
given an embeddedgraphingquery object , generate the png image for it .
install custom error handlers .
centers the value in a field of a given width
convenience function : displays the contents of a matrix of integers .
helper method that creates a dummy server that always returns the contents of the file specified with the mimetype specified
fill a cheetah template out for specified context .
saml authorization request initiator
enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation , and compare the results .
replace placeholders in the string with appropriate values .
compile the grammer .
return a dictionary of environment variables describing a cluster for acceptance testing .
converts the given to string pascal - case .
gets string for displaying unit to user .
put all translations into a translations dict .
destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
parses a string with one or several etags passed in if - none - match and
update a cache entry and return its list of lines .
compare the desired configuration against the actual configuration returned by dockerng . inspect _ container
returns true if this page requires full reload with ajax enabled
return a tuple containing x = floor ( y * * ) and a boolean indicating whether the result is exact .
display the current version .
negate an operator .
return tuples of slices that indicate pooling patches .
add to or create a new cflags in the make . conf
get the truncated rotated boundary layers .
test wether the current user can perform a loop mount
import symbols defined in a protobuf into the global namespace .
update the context of all generators
add the tags on an elb . .
save migration stats to the database
default dialect importer .
add an item or items to a queue
clears out the previous line and prints a new one .
return url of the sorting field
used to actually invoke a powershell command .
splits a url into
creates or edits a cheatsheet
returns the boolean evaluation of the value .
it should not download files already existing in the scratch dir
ohlc and candlestick specific validations
attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug , and return it , or return a fallback reason if we werent able to .
determine if the specified executable is a . sh
restful crud controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes
check xld or shntool installed
transform the dataset .
processes a tuple of 2 - element tuples and returns the key which comes before the given key .
gather some system data and then calculate buffer space .
evaluate a model .
patches the given node
read mni transform from freesurfer talairach . xfm file .
send an e - mail representing the supplied reply to a review .
generate test cases for the type of asset finder specific by asset _ finder _ type for test _ lookup _ generic .
create a movie object for a given series episode .
get the repository constructor .
waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it
separate keys and values
decorator marking the decorated method as being a handler for requests .
the restful handler for course indexing .
turn a sympy object into a compound
philippines specific template settings for cap : common alerting protocol
do typical sumo update
for urls in special namespaces , redirect if possible to the appropriate new url in the appropriate locale .
communication with the pageant process is done through a shared memory - mapped file .
create a new volume type .
displays the date hierarchy for date drill - down functionality .
checks if the ideal generated by a groebner basis is zero - dimensional .
check a precision vector is positive - definite .
formats a numeric value using localization settings
parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object .
expand a numeric pattern into a list of strings .
encrypt text with an ssh public key .
converts relative urls into absolute urls .
a timer decorator to measure execution performance of methods .
compute an initial state zi for the sosfilt function that corresponds to the steady state of the step response .
received messages index page
check the status of github for remote operations
validate the match if surrounding characters are in a given sequence .
helper for the search _ projects _ by _ title function which will add a condition to a query
this is an attention seq2seq model based on [ 3 ] .
returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
convenience function to join the temporary directory path with the provided arguments .
returns all migrations for all applications that are migrated .
produce edges in a depth - first - search .
decorator for enumvalue rich comparison methods .
sets the logging verbosity to error which silences most output .
check if the current backend is smtp based .
a numerically stable algorithm for calculating variance URL # on - line _ algorithm
open a file in a safe way and return : exc : httpresponse with status code 200 , 305 , 403 or 404 .
max - norm regularization returns a function that can be used to apply max - norm regularization to weights .
uses get ( ) to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution .
returns type url for a given proto .
akaike information criterion with small sample correction
creates a requests session ready to talk to trakt api with flexgets api key .
computes the precession matrix from j2000 to the given julian epoch .
return logs for a specified container container container id
html link to the current revision for the admin change list
build request for the current buffer or the buffer corresponding to | filepath | if specified .
return true if task id is member of set ids .
computes the poisson pmf .
test pip wheel success .
return reasonable min / max values to use given the data .
get data files in share / jupyter
run the admin server .
shutdown osx system , never returns
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray .
get the shortest unique name in the settings .
transform string to bytes .
only load if sysrc executable exists
returns an iterable over nodes in g in the order given by a breadth - first traversal .
iterate over every repository in the order they were created .
query an instance upon creation from the ec2 api
helper function to see if given name has any of the patterns in given matches
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
return average distance to surface for all atoms in a residue , ie . the residue depth .
ensure gpg public key is present in keychain name
returns a string with the article + the word .
computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1 - d arrays .
update the quotas for a quota class .
adds a new task to the deferred queue for processing events .
convert nova route object into os _ vif object
return a new record array with field names populated with data from arrays in * arrs * .
compute moravec corner measure response image .
returns a rfc - 1123 string corresponding to a datetime value plus a 1 second timedelta .
returns a list of all unique elements in the input list " lst . "
replace all reals in expr with rationals .
builds and evaluates a network .
updates context with badge info .
general purpose decorator factory : takes a caller function as input and returns a decorator with the same attributes .
run integration tests for the chosen test cases .
run xlsxwriter in default mode .
create a tree with up to 4 levels of nodes to show that implementation scales , enter less then 15
create target build directories if necessary .
unshelve a server .
given a string object , regardless of type , returns a representation of that string in the native string type , encoding and decoding where necessary .
delete a tenant
converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks ( ) .
copied from containerbroker before the storage _ policy _ index column was added ; used for testing with
returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict
glorot normal variance scaling initializer .
flags the database to indicate that the reindexing has started .
make sure target is installed - handle multiple processes potentially attempting installation .
look through the buckets cache file for a match .
convert a file system path to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
calculate shared otus between two samples in column i and j .
require foo test project .
loops over each item in an array .
compute frac f g modulo p for two univariate polynomials over mathbb z _ p .
returns true if the first word in status is select .
arguments are in all upper - case to match xml
obtain a url that will serve the underlying image .
similar to strided lookup , but can assume that the last dimension doesnt need a multiplication as long as .
common logic for lxc . run functions path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
both _ clear _ dict and _ ignore _ keys in a single iteration .
create a media with a certain given media resource location , for instance a valid url .
returns the probability density function at x : the likelihood of x in a distribution with given mean and standard deviation .
only load the module if getfacl is installed
callable to generate a fake jsondecodeerror
ad - hoc parser for netscape protocol cookie - attributes .
parse frames in a highly compliant manner .
takes an array and returns an image object
equalize channel picks for a collection of mne - python objects .
select components on click .
adds parentheses as needed after functions .
convert set * obj * to a native set .
convert latitude to single - letter hemisphere , " n " or " s " .
returns a randomly generated sentence of lorem ipsum text .
reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash .
returns the longest path length in a dag
delete a blob from blobstore .
retry grabbing a url .
get the length of the length minus one , minimum one .
probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
encode certificate as jose base - 64 der .
displays text with line numbers .
install package if not already installed
given an list of alias structures for an artist credit , select and return the users preferred alias alias or none if no matching alias is found .
routing area update accept section 9 . 4 . 15
a decorator to bind table region method to an actual table action button .
returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided
allow us to upload a . pht file
lower triangle of an array with elements above the k - th diagonal zeroed .
compare arguments expected and got , as floats , if either is a float , using a tolerance expressed in multiples of ulp or absolutely .
error handler for decoding utf - 8 parts of a uri into an iri .
convert strings to unicode objects .
set the base settings directory path .
exports a container to a tar archive .
generate pwnstallers runw . rc code
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
shut down cublas .
adds a tabstop 0 if non is in seen _ ts and brings the text of the snippet instance into vim .
return a dictionary representing the key / value pairs in an app section within the file represented by config _ uri .
load an openerp module , if not already loaded .
ensure resource auth is an instance and its state is preserved between calls .
this method can be used to create a feincms base model inheriting from your own custom subclass ( f . e .
only return if all the modules are available
function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in
return a constraint object suitable for use with some updates .
get the module from the filename and folder name .
creates an instance of matplotlib . figure . figure , given the height in inches .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
retrieve template definition of index or index / type
will receive a delegated course _ published signal from cms / djangoapps / contentstore / signals . py and kick off a celery task to update the credit course requirements .
get a : class : twisted . conch . endpoints . _ isshconnectioncreator to connect to the given remote .
handle user activity from django _ comment _ client and discussion _ api and update the users last activity date .
given a query string and a search cursor , returns a list of activity dicts that satisfy the search query .
escaping some expression greys - > greys + greys + grey , marvels - > marvels + marvels + marvel etc
get the selected plugin name .
return current request instance .
getattr like function accepting a dotted name for attribute lookup .
checks that an environment path exists and , if so , deletes it .
return the zca whitening principal components matrix .
make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given .
connect to a eucalyptus service .
returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
parse a nick mode string .
start watching a question for replies or solution .
minimum of array elements over a given axis .
returns dict with ok : true if check is good , false otherwise msg : response message " expect " may have multiple possible acceptable answers , separated by " _ _ or _ _ "
checks if at least one host that matches the given filter criteria exists .
test must finish within specified time limit to pass .
ensure that a container is running .
rgb to cie - luv color space conversion .
load photo / document into byteio / file container from a source .
tests the implementation of mutex
encode a string using base64 with extended hex alphabet .
compile the function in an isolated environment .
return the number of image members for this image
encode enumerable as compact string representation .
send email rendering text and html versions for the specified template name using the context dictionary passed in .
read the contents of a text file , if the file is binary then
alter context passed in and call email send task . .
load graphs from mavgraphs . xml
download all unread submissions from all selected sources .
evaluate master function if master type is func and save it result in opts [ master ]
returns a member of a service group or none
callback for swift . common . wsgi . run _ wsgi during the global _ conf creation so that we can add our replication _ semaphore , used to limit the number of concurrent ssync _ requests across all workers .
load public rsa key , with work - around for keys using incorrect header / footer format .
remove the the javascript and the stylesheet and the comment content
generate a random n - class classification problem .
returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset .
get the accessible attribute .
parse the ticket , returning .
check to ensure that everything is alright about an object to be created .
get all volume summary .
parse a iso 8601 formatted value into a date or datetime object .
download and return an example dataset from stata .
segment - wise linear approximation of sigmoid .
restful crud controller
update global state when a task is ready .
return the variable to which v is aliased by view _ maps and destroy _ maps .
convenience function for returning a set of topic nodes with children listed as ids .
given a string of concatenated base64 objects , return a list with the objects .
log download of subtitle
theano utilization of numpy . linalg . tensorsolve .
fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
generate an object reference graph starting at objs .
creates and returns a filewriter object .
flags a comment .
hadoop command wrapper
compute the composed sum prod ( p2 for beta root of p1 )
ensure that a firewall is configured .
stop a gluster volume .
given a link - value , return a dictionary whose keys are link urls and values are dictionaries of the parameters for their associated links .
gets a taskproxy object .
return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings .
compute the lu decomposition of a sparse , square matrix .
check for an update for pip .
run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript
automatically assigns local variables to self .
compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y .
translates message using the given translation _ function name - - which will be either gettext or ugettext .
filters the given args and kwargs using a list of arguments to ignore , and a function specification .
health information about the registered service .
return true if a is true , false otherwise .
execute and return stdout .
convert c to an rgba color , with no support for color - cycle syntax .
creates a new database role .
list the catalogs available for the given service type .
this encodes an integer according to the wacky integer encoding rules defined in the hpack spec .
computes the paired distances between x and y .
decorate a function that prints to stdout , intercepting the output .
a helper to make the lrs output look nicer .
quick and dirty means of doing sysctl - n
get context data for comm emails , specifically for review action emails .
ensures user is present
ask for a string input and return a compressed string with all consecutive repetitions for 4 or greater replaced with a representation in the form of y # n .
pads or slices 3 - d labels to match logits .
pick the hpi coil locations given in device coordinates .
write a summary of all found codes to stdout .
check that course id is valid and exists in modulestore .
combines float _ uint8 and image2array operations
adapts a callback - based asynchronous function for use in coroutines .
decorate a do function to log before , after , and elapsed time , with the name of the calling function .
return a datetime . tzinfo implementation for the given timezone > > > from datetime import datetime , timedelta > > > utc = timezone > > > eastern = timezone > > > eastern . zone us / eastern > > > timezone ( unicode ) is eastern
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
execute an hg pull on all of the repos
decorator that infers the signature of a function .
given rest api id , and an absolute resource path , create all the resources and return all resources in the resourcepath , returns false on failure .
create a blob from a path and a stat object .
get posts meta from source .
returns headers for fields that are useful to color by in plots
get a list of tracks for an id .
no precomputed queries here yet
stop all or specified cover tilt .
load any weakly - defined libraries from their real location - find libraries with otool - l - update with install _ name _ tool - change
take a list of dict in the form of { key : value } and arrange them as a list of strings [ key = value ]
apply any overrides that have been set at the command line .
custom wsgi server shutdown function which gives outgoing requests some time to finish before killing them .
converts rois into network inputs .
export the profile from the gcode text as a zip file .
check if http status code is redirection .
computes approximate mode of multivariate hypergeometric .
return decryption function and length of key .
returns a list of the mapping [ name ] for each value in | names | that is in | mapping | .
create a services mapping for use with webapp2 .
define kernel size which is automatically reduced for small input .
leads owned by current user
try to decode a socks5 request
tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the prefix for object transient system metadata .
compute the state of hidden layer i given all other layers
send a term to service via daemontools
get a location for the cache .
compare two objects attributes
log a bit more information about each request than tornados default - move static file get success to debug - level - get proxied ip instead of proxy ip - log referer for redirect and failed requests - log user - agent for failed requests
do nothing - - deprecated filter .
move the release files from the vm to release / locally
set new order by duplicating user icons or set global order
get the local dictionary .
generate a random graph with the given joint independent edge degree and triangle degree sequence .
return all namespaces in the specified range .
generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments .
payment data transfer implementation : URL
build up the contents of a condor submit description file .
processes a single line in the file .
save config dict to json
return a copy of the string after the specified prefix was removed from the beginning of the string
get a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions
the hessian matrix of the rosenbrock function .
return the rendered subject and message with the appropriate parameters .
work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . description is blank when pragma returns no rows .
similar functionality to check _ string , but does not free the pointer .
parses a log path .
send an email .
convert duration in iso 8601 format to second ( s ) .
format a byte value to a human readable representation .
compute the ang between two quaternions w / 3 - element representations .
remove tags from a file .
gregorian calendar date to julian date .
true if two arrays , left and right , have equal non - nan elements , and nans in corresponding locations .
group _ index is offsets into cartesian product of all possible labels .
check the request for start / end times and return aff4 age tuple .
function accessed by ajax from rfooter to handle comments
updates a store .
signal for updating products for the sale - needed since the products wont be assigned to the sale when it is first saved .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
escape the local portion of a jid .
get filename for static file .
remove dhcp and dns traffic allowed through to dnsmasq .
load network timezones from db into dict network _ dict
return the group id for the given group name or id .
open a previously searched result in the browser .
annotates validation results with information such as whether the results pass auto validation , and which results are unchanged from a previous submission and can be ignored .
return an element with highest func score ; break ties at random .
formats the time to match the rfc1123 date format as specified by http
get a namespace resource _ type association
build the audit data for a token .
separate variables in partial differential equation either by additive or multiplicative separation approach .
retrieve the path to the dir containing options file for a given port
restful crud controller used to allow searching for people by skill
when time zone support is enabled , convert naive datetimes entered in the current time zone to aware datetimes .
rolls back a transaction .
create a wtforms form for a given sqlalchemy model class : : from wtalchemy . orm import model _ form from myapp . models import user
prettify pythonic variable name .
gets vlc object information about a log message : the type name of the vlc object emitting the message , the object header if any and a temporaly - unique object identifier .
parse the machine _ id to get mac , ip , netmask and gateway fields per nic .
find all files of an mri relevant for source transformation .
composes a regextokenizer with an intrawordfilter , lowercasefilter , and
unregister a help file in the registry .
this method is registered as ofp _ error _ code _ to _ str method into ryu . ofproto . ofproto _ v1 _ * modules .
read hb - format file .
get resource object that corresponds to resource id .
delete a task from the task scheduler .
check neutron for all data
file based tm needs a display - name
normalize a file / dir name for comparison purposes
function that return the colums of a select query
get equated points by equation function .
restart service via s6 .
map x dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space .
update the salt - bootstrap script url can be one of : - the url to fetch the bootstrap script from - the absolute path to the bootstrap - the content of the bootstrap script
custom function to demo mobile assessment collection
read complex float tag .
checking the number of commits which occurred in the dbs write lock .
w : a theano matrix of rbm weights num visible x num hidden
rosenbrock test objective function .
check if the style of the element has the height attribute explicitly defined
read a signed 32 - bit integer
convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object .
post a comment .
multi - dimensional binary propagation with the given structuring element .
get all capacity entries for the given host .
this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store date and time formats .
creates semivariogram values from two distance matrices .
returns a soap envelope containing a saml request as a text string .
converts the string s to python code , in local _ dict
get command line args from the user .
list all password on the account . .
returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid .
builds a lambda function which looks up the macro name used .
adds cms - related variables to the context .
set auto _ assigned flag to floating ip .
compare two lists of permutations as sets .
returns a function with default parameters for colorize ( )
returns whether we should bypass proxies or not .
return an access denied response object .
returns a set of response headers from the query string
the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user
get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory .
get publisher driver and load it .
set a timer .
print and return the site - packages directory .
render provided template with the provided context .
derivative of f in form expected by find _ substitutions
estimate the magnitude squared coherence estimate , cxy , of discrete - time signals x and y using welchs method .
compiles a theano function which returns the values of outs and takes values of model vars as arguments .
returns true if the graph is distance regular , false otherwise .
return the first configured instance .
function to validate that each element in the course _ module _ list belongs to the master course structure .
runs cmd as a shell command .
only work on linux
write a diff between two values to the specified file - like object .
given a repository clone url , return the owner of the repository .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
returns dot product of rotational gradients of spherical harmonics .
a property that helps tracking whether serialization is necessary .
given a path to a markdown file , return the rendered html .
split a string into whitespace delimited tokens
takes a string in the format of : int , course _ key int , course _ key
return the real host for the given wsgi environment .
topologically sort based on a user provided edge definition .
disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address .
return the number of followers of a user .
return a new sqlalchemy engine .
create the table used for storing transaction metadata .
provide http head information .
return true if the given attribute on the given instance is instrumented by the attributes package .
decorator that calls urls . reverse ( ) to return a url using parameters returned by the decorated function " func " .
this function generates a list of tours .
query attribute on the device pointer
verify a message or file text
setup the storage backend for each schema in schemas .
calculates the mode of the num most recent values .
pseudo - decorate an object to store all evaluations of the function in the returned list .
called at login if user cancels their merge or email add .
check to see if a key exists .
provide ssh2 gss - api / sspi authentication .
checks to see if a bit of text is a url .
lookup a location , which can be a zip , city , address , etc .
given a user , get credentials earned from the credentials service .
add the indexes of the unsupported points .
the intersection of a collection of geometryentity instances .
create several work requests for same callable with different arguments .
approximation of text length
splits args on whitespace , but intelligently reassembles those that may have been split over a jinja2 block or quotes .
resolve an object using the provided query and check the optional permission .
will backup the file then patch it
get equated paths .
create a new logical volume , with option for which physical volume to be used
returns the number of seconds from the epoch to date .
load the value of a variable in a python file .
creates a client for working with cloud blockstorage .
patch any object in kubernetes based on url
flush the cache of similar entries when an entry is saved .
get a model url of the given kind for a model .
shortcut to add a daily cron task .
generic detail of an object .
allow user to select a joystick from a menu
concatenate list of strings .
create a sphere
get system information .
creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments
set a style property , i . e . a css property inside the style attribute of the tag .
returns a key whose value in dictionary is element or , if none exists , none .
parse an exclude file .
marks the value as a string that should not be auto - escaped .
test to see if the vendor directory exists in this directory dir
yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes .
return the farthest origin of a generic class .
create edge in graph between central element of values and the rest .
set the size of a finder window for folder to
returns the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
system information type 5bis section 9 . 1 . 38
converts integer sec to h : mm : ss format
return a datetime from decimal unixtime format .
convert a string to a unicode string , if on python 2 .
yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir _ name .
compute the laplace inversion integral , assuming the formula applies .
delete to destroy a single resource class .
return disk i / o statistics .
return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target using the a * algorithm .
disable the paging of output
try to smartly detect the most useful task attempt and get its mr logs .
drop privileges to user / group privileges .
converts the given suggestionmodel to a suggestion object .
get a data structure representing the configured indexes .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
setup the shell _ command component .
sync state modules from salt : / / _ states to the master saltenv : base
returns a flat list of a track with its instrument chains , or just the original track
build context for print
wraps the application in the wdg validator from URL
a context manager for registrations .
remove a mongodb database
options nit : int , optional
return any email notifications for the given user since since .
load object from module
displayed if a user tried to access a action that does not exist .
construct a series of alternating primed and starred zeros as follows .
helper function to load and return a users course .
return all the highlights for a given user , on a given page
return the path to the user ca bundle , ensuring the file exists
read configuration and create modbus devices .
main function of this vcproj prettifier .
remove the left - whitespace margin of a block of python code .
decorator to handle selecting the proper module for loaders .
check that value contains only valid base64 characters .
only load if the mysql module is in _ _ salt _ _
remove a string from the registry .
convert native array or structure * val * to a tuple object .
get the matrix notification service .
get current time in utc as iso 8601 string .
search backwards and return an re match object or none .
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
convenience function that parses the po or pot file pofile and returns a : class : ~ polib . pofile instance .
build an equivalent view of hexdump ( ) on a single line
renders the template and fires the signal
trim fasta seqs to output _ length bases
make a signed jwt .
given a dtypes and a result set , coerce the result elements to the dtypes
parse a sphinx search index
creates a new google cloud dns zone .
returns the accuracy , calculated as : /
load the model from graphdef and checkpoint .
return a list of all enabled services
returns the spm configurations dict .
validate a username / password combo , returning true / false
calculate popularity of app for all regions and per region .
run the flask development server i . e . app . run ( )
analyze the document and get the distribution of sentiments and the movie name .
create wms services and layers from ogp results
add the points in the loop to the point table .
get the full path to a resource on the private notes api .
get tris defined for a certain grade .
execute riak commands
retrieve the stored endtime for a given job
test regression without overlap correction , on real data .
handler for the / api / requests .
create listeners on an elb .
set a scheduled resume after the interval
return a list of 3 - tuples containing .
create unique filepath
a special case of the interpd that first performs a dedent on the incoming docstring
build a dictionary text : list of sentences
run a launchctl command and raise an error if it fails
sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question
sets the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps .
to update the requirements for evennia , edit the requirements . txt file , or win _ requirements . txt for windows platforms .
receive a json post from the tropo webapi
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei ( x ) .
normalizes library key for use with search indexing
decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called .
prints the host file system volume info
load all strategy modules .
attempt to reject create _ job requests with an atomic group that will be impossible to schedule .
return buildbot _ version environment variable , content of version file , git tag or latest
add a user group in database
simulate a for loop on the given iterable .
returns the environment variable denoted by key .
reimplementation of pythons os . walk to nicely support unicode in input as in output .
basic method for tokenizing input into sentences for this tagger :
reraise errors in this block to show metadata inference failure .
fake method for demonstration purposes .
get one repo meta - data .
deletes the folder compiled containing the compiled application .
assert a in b , with repr messaging on failure .
clears the entire screen .
convert char to printable .
writes matrix as tab - delimited text .
return boolean series / array whether given pattern / regex is contained in each string in the series / index .
applies the transpose of the linear operator to the arguments .
run the process using pexpect .
converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring .
converts from bits to nats
return the version of the freetype library being used as a tuple of
safely removes output directory .
manipulate ipv4 / ipv6 subnets
run all the unit tests that need to be run .
returns the full archive path for a lineagename
an example to hydrate a complex structure with custom value logic .
fatal fileserver configuration issue , raise an exception
initialize egl and return egl version tuple .
return the tensorflow expression of mean - squre - error of two distributions .
modify an existing node .
assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env _ vars is ok and return a tuple .
corrupts a copy of a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits .
list the configured gem sources .
refresh druid datasources
computes the gauss - lobatto quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights .
produce a declarative automap base .
get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist .
tries to print the username , real name and location of the first n users in this file .
return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate .
return an open connection to the database .
add all of the release ids to the indicated collection .
returns a number rounded .
converts all characters in a given payload
replace the environments ios simulators media directory with what it was before the test took place .
verify if the incoming signed request if it is correct .
prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections .
returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx _ msgs if any otherwise returns none
called when search - > greps right - click goto action .
returns queryset of all group objects with * any * object permissions for the given obj .
verify the correct number of max args are reported , this may need to be updated if file ever takes more args
encode string using the cte encoding that produces the shorter result .
returns an unused port on localhost .
a factory function which will generate one of the option objects based on the _ type passed as parameter .
example usage : : { % user _ display user % } or if you need to use in a { % blocktrans % } : : { % user _ display user as user _ display } { % blocktrans % } { { user _ display } } has sent you a gift . { % endblocktrans % }
set up the netdata sensor .
create a task and along with its dependencies .
method to retrieve all csp policies specified into a http response through csp headers .
integer to two bytes
convert to an int if necessary .
create a new client over ssl / tls if necessary .
documents the paginate method of a paginator
updates a cluster in a datacenter .
return a series containing the summary of a linear model
return only the resource items that are in fields .
return a length * 8 byte string from data .
start the home assistant instance to test .
returns the closest match for the given locale codes .
calculate spherical spline g function between points on a sphere .
converts the value into a unix time .
get the file in the qmimedata object md with an extension that is one of the extensions in exts .
given two brackets , determine if they contain a tag .
returns a copy of the image where data has been offset by the given distances .
this function finds the reference that is the closest length to the hypothesis .
synthesis of a signal using the discrete fourier transform mx : magnitude spectrum , px : phase spectrum , m : window size returns y : output signal
dont let pip / setuptools do this all by itself .
utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys .
create a new translation of a wiki document .
extract host and port from an url string
print to console safely .
returns a list of - - branch option to be used in the yum command , based on the kwargs .
by default the watched path is / tmp and all types of events are monitored .
if cursor is not none , is appended to cursor . messages ; otherwise it is appended to connection . messages .
get the aws sqs notification service .
embraces complete query with versioned comment
guess which db package to use to open a db file .
unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents .
validate the object _ id value of an activity _ dict .
combines two lists of linear transforms with the deformation field map obtained typically after the sdc process .
add multiple handlers to application .
iterate over a list of proxy names and restart any that arent running
get the geometry directory path .
returns the z for which p = probability
check if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
gets the text that was detected in the image .
returns the region code for the given region name .
return the storage repository given a uuid .
only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed
generate an infiniband guid address
check to make sure that this pair of assoc type and session type are allowed
search from the archive .
set the autocommit status of the connection .
make relative path out of absolute by stripping prefixes used on linux , os x and windows .
display all protos
helper to tell whether a and b have the same sorts of symbols in them - - no need to test hyperbolic patterns against expressions that have no hyperbolics in them .
return the remote tracked by the current branch .
generate a thumbnail filename of the source filename and options separately hashed , along with the size .
return a 400 bad request error .
the { % if % } tag evaluates a variable , and if that variable is " true "
get unified output .
returns the wavefunction x _ { n } for an infinite 1d box n the " principal " quantum number .
open a shell to inspect the given response
test gat diagonal plot .
test to make sure the reader ignores whitespace at the beginning of fields .
connect to a mongo database and read per - node pillar information .
route method args and / or return value through the collection adapter .
prints the octave representation of the given expression .
convert value to given numeric type t .
return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
load the rights manager chosen in configuration .
searches python code for a list of template names .
update user details using data from provider .
client - side websocket support .
determine if two terms are equivalent , modulo variable substitution .
return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations .
sets up the logging options for a log with supplied name
create an sr that looks like the one created on the local disk by default by the xenserver installer .
this function implements sort keys for the german language according to
returns a regular expression object that matches segment filenames .
set a service in ok state
test the infomax algorithm blowup condition
add a color to the transparent background of an image .
insert value at the beginning of a list or tuple setting .
wait for the element to be visible in the dom .
parameters obj - the object to be checked
remove generated files .
decorator to add list of current pre - defined gradients to the end of a function docstring .
temporary directory that wrapped with path class .
return the application model that is active in this project .
set the service command line parameters in registry
creates an theano function to test the windowlayer
install an npm package .
checks whether user can update translation repository .
default datalist item renderer for requests on the home page & datalist view
perform an inverse iteration .
cherry picks arguments from args / dargs based on what " func " accepts and calls the function with the picked arguments .
create a lot of fixed ips from the values dictionary .
decorator to enforce read - only logic
escapes a strings html .
given a template context , try and find a page variable in the common places .
establish the telnet connection and login
return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter .
return log ( det ( m ) ) asserting positive definiteness of m .
make sure the user is not attempting to use dnn . conv . algo _ bwd .
convert time specified in a variety of forms into unix epoch time .
return the type of hub to use for the current thread .
converts mask from / xx format to xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx
this will enable the given language just for this block .
splits a paired end read and writes sequences into fasta , fasta qual and xml traceinfo file .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
minimization of scalar function of one variable .
return true if cookie should have secure attribute
resource footer for warehouses and inventory items
write a human - readable tag .
get the distribution family .
fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file ( e . g .
given a graph g , starts a max cardinality search trying to find a non - chordal cycle .
try to load one of the given templates .
computes the mean absolute error .
return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys
set up butterfly plot .
this returns the snippet of html to be rendered on the course about page , given the key for the section .
show a list of breadcrumbs .
returns true if * ipv4 _ prefix * is a valid prefix with mask .
returns the language code for the given language name .
return bounding box of a polygon in form
instantiate and return a zendesk client
generator which can be iterated over to get instances of all the classes which represent time - seires .
determine dummy indices of expr and describe its structure
get an imagefont object by name .
runs the designated module in the _ _ main _ _ namespace
make the http request and return the body as python object .
checks whether a string is decimal .
context processor necessary for openstack dashboard functionality .
returns a random color .
move up to max _ rows rows from production tables to the corresponding shadow tables .
retrieve a datastore connection local to the thread .
calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . stats . kruskal
get precision for a given field
returns a dict like { " account " : [ gl entries ] , . . .
return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
create a symlink at target pointing to source using the absolute path .
ensure all instances of raw have compatible parameters .
remove potential version prefix in uri .
return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules
determine if we should use an extra network to bootstrap
runs the contents of the given script in hive and returns stdout .
defines the default cifarnet argument scope .
regroup a list of alike objects by a common attribute .
returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select _ related ( ) purposes .
change ownership of file or directory
decorator to wrap an * environment file function * in log file capture .
some requirements dont install on all systems .
checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of _ _ main _ _
deletes a snapshot from the image .
function to encode a text .
helper function for rewrite .
this takes an array of dicts and returns an array of dicts to be used as a backend for the haproxy role
read variable definitions from the traffic _ line command .
returns an encoder for a message field .
this adds enabled extensions to the installed _ apps cache so that operations like syncdb and evolve will take extensions into consideration .
return the network net , but with an extra layer containing num _ outputs neurons appended .
disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get / get _ all and similar methods .
plane test objective function .
attach roles to each object of the queryset .
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency cosine transform of f , defined as . .
creates a new plugin based on the cookiecutter plugin template .
read and answer propfind requests .
produce a dictionary of an objects attributes .
define enum class from descriptor .
adapted from ipythons setupbase . find _ packages ( )
returns the operator in the constraint .
returns true if there is at least one coursecontentmilestone which the given course content fulfills
apply the same changes to dunder names as cpython would .
returns an externalized version of a task .
adds headers to a response to indicate that a page should never be cached .
returns github credentials if they exist , as a two - tuple of .
registers all the commandhandlers for interacting with datadog .
this will run the program and present profiling data in a nice looking graph
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
recursively walk all the entries of two trees .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
select the route with the lowest igp cost to the next hop .
define a llvm function for atomic increment / decrement to the given module
generates the metrics for a given inferencetype
takes a hex sha and returns a binary sha
raise an error because we should not be calling salt . utils . fopen ( )
get django block contents from a template .
open a shell to inspect the given response
returns the precedence of a given object according to the traditional rules of mathematics .
used to execute the linter .
create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors .
solve a system of rational inequalities with rational coefficients .
managing library datasets is a bit complex , so here is a scenario that hopefully provides clarification .
prepare inverse operator and params for spectral / tfr analysis .
normalize all coefficients in k .
confirm this module is on a nilrt based system
generate temporary analyze file pair .
return whether or not given value is a valid ip version 6 address .
turn a list of dicts into the list of field _ name values
find the edge magnitude using roberts cross operator .
extract a capabilities list from a want line , if present .
a function decorator to run a long - running function as a background thread .
install just the base environment , no distutils patches etc
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
this is a higher - order function that wraps an arbitrary asynchronous function in order to add retry functionality .
load config dict from json
generate a set of points in 2d belonging to two or three different classes
create api - version specific endpoint tables .
start cgconfig service
restful crud controller
perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects .
format a safe string with potentially unsafe arguments .
formats a date as the time since that date .
set movie position as percentage between 0 . 0 and 1 . 0 .
runs the bootstrap process in a thread since it may need to block to update the package control loader
pick the eeg position data .
define module from filedescriptor .
return a list of filenames that have been modified
returns a format string for printing the given arguments with printf ( ) .
create a inmemorystatepersister for use in tests .
renders a diff expansion link .
get a list of configured order source modifier module instances .
logs out the user if he is logged in .
return some stock from a shipment back into the warehouse
returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise .
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
pretty - print the args and kwargs .
greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
return the rcode value encoded by flags and ednsflags .
index _ documents page : displays all documents
uses openssl to sign a document
the path should not exist or it should be an empty directory .
convert string to bytes .
helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified
encode common content - transfer - encodings .
boot a new instance name
run the given applescript and return the standard output and error .
validates an auth action that has taken place and resulted in the http response given by " auth _ response " .
build node kubelet _ args
logs out the user if he is logged in .
create a new fits file using the supplied data / header .
set or replace a query parameter , and return the modified url .
nice representation of an object
get a pygments lexer given a filename .
return the platform - dependent gcc argument for shared libraries .
return the filename of the ubuntu package for the latest stable release .
utc datetime object of the next sun setting .
given an addonconfig instance , remove that addon from the settings
recursively delete a directory tree .
get memory status information .
generate a system for the constant solutions .
preserve margin and cursor position when using
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
quote meta - characters in the args for the unix shell
find patches in a subdirectory
compute a basis of the kernel of q .
extract from the zip archive archive the member member and write it to path , preserving file metadata and chowning the file using user
assign a nested sequence contents to an array .
converts arrays to arrays with dimensions > = 1 .
check that were running on a supported system .
pad a string for safe http error responses .
extra strong lucas compositeness test .
send virtual keypress to homematic controlller .
return the results of a call to system _ profiler - xml - detail full spapplicationsdatatype as a dictionary .
tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
get the hardware address on unix by running lanscan .
outset the carving of a gcode file .
verify that no two targets in the same directory share the same name .
helper function to check if two given collections have matching schemas in keen , to make sure they can be transfered between one another
update version after insert to db
returns an object containing the state of the warnings module
call out to system _ profiler .
given the user system _ tags , return the user entry point
helper function converts a mime _ message in to email . message . message .
generates an entry dtrace probe from the given api definition .
return the information of the named package ( s ) installed on the system .
if the given directory has a valid _ _ init _ _ file , return its path , else return none
rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems .
generate diagramm and return data
get all rules for a given security group .
create the superuser player
select a search result .
change random chars of the string to lower case .
for each in saves , yield ( true , ) if the save should be kept and ( false , ) if the save should be removed .
get a node with the specified c { nodeid } as any of the c { class } ,
generate a dataset with number _ items elements .
parse a method descriptor , and returns it as human - readable string representation .
returns a slice of the list .
setup logging stream handlers according to the options .
returns boolean indication if organizations app is enabled on not .
apply cos to each element of the matrix mat .
remove access to group type for project _ id .
transform expressions into a multinomial form .
pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with " left _ pad " zeros left and " right _ pad " right .
returns a string of random ascii characters or digits
return true if given path exists on the current remote host .
return the version number of the latest stable release .
extracts strings in form data and returns a dict .
returns databook from xls stream .
take val and convert / reshape to an array .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted in reverse order by the property given in the argument .
initialize logging to a specified observer .
replace signal inside of module with a dummy signal .
raise a httpexception for the given http _ status _ code .
test fix in # 5010 for issue # 5009
remove quotes from around a string .
return the django admin
send a command to the modjk loadbalancer
a no - op migration for marking the grizzly release .
get the http context for the current thread
crash to the log if command execution was not successful .
behave features are analogous to test suites , and behave scenarios are analogous to testcases , but due to implementation details each _ feature _ is wrapped in a testcase .
given the path to a 9 - patch image , extract the regions and return an ios inset specification : in points .
return the normal pdf evaluated at * x * ; args provides * mu * , * sigma
get equation for rectangular x .
add an instance to the load balancer in region .
expire all tokens in one pass .
recursively dereference a tag and return the resulting object
strip text fields before validation example : class personform : name = forms . charfield email = forms . emailfield ( )
return image magick version or none if it is unavailable
lists wiki documents without parent
render text as github - flavored markdown
get the attributes of an object using dir .
split otu table by taxonomic level , writing otu tables to output dir
test handle _ fatal _ exc with no _ err _ windows = true .
list all tags .
return the file and directory that the code for * mod _ name * is in .
load the core module and trigger the execution .
returns the edge connectivity of the graph or digraph g .
restful crud controller
retrieve all entries from a feed url
disciplinary action controller
decode floating point horizontal differencing .
return the printout from a previously executed job jid
generate html parameters from inputted keyword arguments .
doing the regex parsing and running the create _ html function .
halt a running system .
recursively set the chmod for files to 0600 and 0700 for folders .
return an html page , containing a pretty error response .
method decorator for creating remote methods .
searches for friends and returns them .
write all registered xmoduledescriptor css , sass , and scss files to output root .
unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton - cg method .
gets a disk device path and status from partition path .
set price list based on customer or shopping cart default
read a sound header from an open file .
require an up - to - date package index .
return a list of all cache subnet group names
wrap render _ variable so it knows the variables allowed .
expand ~ and ~ user constructions .
collects stats from haproxy unix domain socket
return true if the object is a user - defined generator function .
given the configuration and the list of sff _ files it writes the seqs , qualities and ancillary data into the output file ( s ) .
write a changelog based on the git changelog .
check the current pages content based on a substring .
creates the path if it doesnt exist
get config from an invalid ~ / . cookiecutterrc file
set the element attribute dictionary and element matrix to the matrix times the tetragrid .
this policy setting allows altering task instances right before they are executed .
gets user profile details for a list of usernames and creates a dictionary with profile details against username .
this function loops through each validator defined in this file and applies it to a users proposed password
create a super user for the database .
decorates a function if trace _ api is true .
start a node
used if lux _ ain is set to between 0 and 7 ; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line .
runs the calendarexample application with the provided username and and password values .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with select fields
returns a list of matching users
context manager entry point for the with statement .
resume a paused vm
public routine to get a posixfile object from a python file object .
check if the installed package already has the given requirements .
wraps the sending of messages , dispatches to the matchmaker and sends message to all relevant hosts .
processes a tuple of 2 - element tuples and returns the key which comes after the given key .
decorator that adds attributes to classes or functions for use with the attribute plugin .
solve the following linear programming problem via a two - phase simplex algorithm .
return a string of the translation of the message .
ensure that the chronos job with the given name is present and is configured to match the given config values .
write raw buffer .
find maximum x value from four vertices .
imports dashboard and panel configuration from modules and applies it .
return the text , with underline irc formatting .
returns the last time , in milliseconds since the epoch , when the user checked their notifications in the dashboard page or the notifications dropdown .
setup nx584 platform .
retrieve a column from a grid .
retrieve the version of the zabbix api .
returns the number of gpus available .
like range ( ) but accepts float arguments .
get a list containing data about recent jobs .
returns a notification message corresponding to given codes .
extract data from a background instance .
function to use on group by charts .
emit analytics events after saving the userprofile .
opportunities owned by current user
installs grubby if its necessary on this system
a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
read a 32bit rgb icon resource .
loops through all fields in a fieldset .
convert the otu table to relative abundances this method works on a parsed otu table
weird workaround for some weird pyqt bug .
set a title of the current axes .
given a valid config , create a domain .
copy files from a remote host .
normalise a p - vector .
uploads media files and returns a list with information about each media : name , url , thumbnail _ url , width , height .
ensure the spcified api _ name with the corresponding swaggerfile is deployed to the given stage _ name in aws apigateway .
function to solve equations via the principle of " decomposition and rewriting " .
use ghostscripts ps2pdf and xpdfs / popplers pdftops to distill a file .
modify user account login : string login name password : string password password _ hashed : boolean set if password is a nt hash instead of plain text domain : string users domain profile : string profile path script : string logon script drive : string home drive homedir : string home directory fullname : string full name account _ desc : string account description machine _ sid : string specify the machines new primary group sid or rid user _ sid : string specify the users new primary group sid or rid account _ control : string specify user account control properties . .
return a task status .
runs test scenario in multiple threads .
when time zone support is enabled , convert aware datetimes to naive dateimes in the current time zone for display .
updates a vlan to network association
track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page , so we know which value to use .
add host to allow _ hosts . rules and immediately load new rule into firewall
publish release artifacts .
generic implementation of sysctl , to read and write .
memoize decorator for generators
helper routine for ogrinspect that generates geodjango models corresponding to the given data source .
returns the current runlevel
create console pool .
returns polynomial remainder in k [ x ] .
get a named adapted debug logger
combine many maps from group to counter to amount .
return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing any of this feature structures variables that are in vars with new variables .
wrapper to ensure that mutated resources are discarded on retries .
generate projects list for gitweb .
require several smartos packages to be uninstalled .
returns an iterator to the dump of the database in an sql text format .
create a json - serializable message of glir commands .
build the recipient sets for an e - mail .
validate the user request
run command and read its output , line by line
set ip address for the linux vm .
tests for overlap between a host _ states instances and an instance _ type _ id .
set the previously saved indentation level .
return data to be used in certificate header , data returned should be customized according to the site configuration .
clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
check to make sure the coils are in the correct coordinate frame .
converts expr to a string of julia code .
rgb to hsv color space conversion .
apply best practices for ssh security .
returns a status redirect to the new url .
return j diag ( d ) as linearoperator .
dvr custom resource headers
takes a exit code or negative signal number and produces an exception that corresponds to that return code .
sort the given list / sequence of dicts containing ids so that the most recent ones come first .
adds an xml subelement with the name tag to parent if value is a non - empty string
extracts the arguments from the identity response : - major version - minor version - build number - serial number - board revision
this is called as the web server has finished building its default path tree .
return the current setting , if the date is shown in the clock
asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case : k = 0 , theta in [ 0 , 1 ] : symmetric mixed model of
populate the available countries with all 2 - character iso country codes .
set up the pilight platform .
get the canonical path to an object .
generate an overlap table for the following prefix .
encode the given object as json .
request configuration steps from the user .
flags an available flag type object .
this function calls a function that performs checks on both url stability and all get , post , cookie and user - agent parameters to check if they are dynamic and sql injection affected
checks if the string given is a valid multipart boundary .
load translation messages for given language from all setup _ wizard _ requires javascript files
args and kwargs should be empty , except for allowed kwargs because all of their necessary parameters are explicitly listed in the function signature
extract operands from a decimal , a float or an int , according to cldr rules _ .
unregister a previously registered administration widget .
returns first child of node with tag .
takes a list of tokens from the tokenizer , and returns a parse tree .
take an options object generated by the command line and merge the values into the iisparameters object .
encodes the given data with snappy compression .
unlinks the given node , but keeps edges intact by connecting the surrounding nodes .
match a variable with either of the exp ( x ) or - exp ( x ) patterns .
delete an rds option group .
convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name
get consoles for a given instance .
only work on gentoo systems with layman installed
helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions for xml , given a tag name .
enable or disable an selinux module .
returns a sheets filesystem path
run a target function in many threads .
setup the mqtt platform .
the fixture sets paste . throw _ errors , which suppresses exactly what we want to test in this case .
returns the number of non - zero columns in a csr matrix x .
a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one .
put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set
test examples in the given objects docstring ( f ) , using globs as globals .
add tag to the instance .
create new signature .
returns a new theano scalar .
sets the seed for generating random numbers .
verify that an attribute has the expected default value and that a corresponding argument passed to a constructor is assigned to that attribute .
makes sure a selinux policy for a given filespec , filetype and selinux context type is present .
build an environ for a wsgi request that performs a channel poll .
i am not a very good aliaser .
tries to return a single trace mathing component _ filter .
find an object or list of objects in a collection
a function that can be used to execute and return a named task in config argument .
return the leading degree of f .
update the quotas for a tenant .
since flask 0 . 8 were monkeypatching the files object in case a request is detected that does not use multipart form data but the files object is accessed .
draws a line from to using the given stroke color and stroke width .
restful crud controller
this is a simple function which generates a legend figure for plots
returns a formatted string of user location data .
check if the tag is a block level html tag .
return the contextual provider of none if no configured one can be found .
default generic error page
get mapped batch if mapback _ for _ viewer is available with the dataset .
returns an action callback that spawns a new development server .
read a mailcap file and return a dictionary keyed by mime type .
build the filter _ properties dict from data in the boot request .
remove all triggers from the task .
feed it a file , and itll output a fixed one
try to convert an ssl _ options dictionary to an ~ ssl . sslcontext object .
set file attributes for a file .
yiq to rgb color space conversion .
run tests in a given file if it is run as a script .
a standard bootstrap progress bar .
show the details from aliyun image
find the representation of an operator in a basis .
creates feeditems for the specified adgroups .
transform complex vector via a composition of rokhlins random transform , random subselection , and an fft .
flush all error logs
wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing .
evaluates an interval raised to an integer power
render graphviz code into a png or pdf output file .
replace spaces with backslashes + spaces
modules can set their own cli options .
run the blank line calculator visitor over the tree .
work out bullet width and adjust maxwidths [ 0 ] if neccessary
dominator algorithm from lengaeur - tarjan
shorthand to show a standard warning .
performs sigmoid correction on the input image .
make a web call to bamboohr
applies gaussian blur .
test write access to a directory .
run all functions on hook .
periodically purge old tweets for each locale .
show the details of an ssh keypair
creates an object using params to set attributes > > > option = mock _ object ( verbose = false , index = range ( 5 ) ) > > > option . verbose
implementation for the above
apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
analyze a sound with the harmonic plus stochastic model inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
drain nodes of a given type .
looks up an expected parameter in a parsed params dict .
load the specified file at imagepath into docker that was generated from a docker save command
returns the command shared by the different migration types
ensures that a model subclass contains a default manager and sets the _ default _ manager attribute on the class .
helper function to stay backward compatible .
remove multi space
returns the parent of the given xblock .
get the default fs config .
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
this continuous function ensures that the values of the array are always positive .
gets the authsub token from the current pages url .
creates the list of filters and sources to be added in the filter file .
returns a list of vim . hostsystem objects representing esxi hosts in a vcenter filtered by their names and / or datacenter , cluster membership .
courses to certificates controller
yield chunks from a range in a file .
this function allows an anonymous client to request a device key to be associated with a new zone .
skip a testcase instance if openpyxl < 2 . 2
fetch the hcp - mmp parcellation .
check if the process name is running on node .
provides a bit to bit or of provided addresses .
view function that returns a requirejs - wrapped javascript file that loads all the xmodule urls ; meant to be loaded via requirejs
write a new nexus file containing the given trees .
produce a linear ranking of the fitnesses in r .
fires post processing hooks for a group .
check highstate return information and possibly fire off an email or save a file .
submits a task to generate a html file containing the executive summary report .
read from the vfs and return the contents .
return a generator of tuples in the form of all know lexers .
unwrap a lazyobject and return the inner object .
gets a temporary path and agrees to remove on close .
execute a modules code without importing it
program : error
check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist
recursively processes dicts , lists and tuples , returning a copy with function applied to all leaf values .
computes the euclidean distance between two 1 - d arrays .
get reader for data _ format .
default function for handling post requests , it has decorators for rate limiting , authentication and for raising pre - request events .
extract a list of compilation flags from config . blas . ldflags .
outputs an expires header for delta from now .
only load if aws is available .
removes a credential from a tenant
stream a response body to the specified file .
onpick callback that shows a single channel in a new figure .
as part of the system for doing parallel exports , this runs on one batch of message objects and adds the corresponding usermessage objects .
automatically escapes content unless options [ html - escape ] is set to false
only load if win32 libraries are installed
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider .
make a pidlockfile instance with the given filesystem path .
just gives the url prefix for profiles an action - redirect to the logged in users profile .
builds am action button to be rendered in hgrid
wraps a parameter .
report the status of the load testing servers .
this is the recommended method for obtaining the specified
builds a w2p package for the plugin
return range of a native type .
constructs a thrift client , lazily .
presents a message . user attribute obtained from a user id in the channel session , rather than in the http _ session .
deletes all " unknown " entries from the cache .
create a config object with ipython kernel options .
return a iterator for almost any dict - like object .
this method takes a set of headers that are provided by the user and transforms them into a form that is safe for emitting over http / 2 .
randomly generate a fresh , new elgamal key .
checks that user is authorized to access other _ application
convert a bit tuple into a int
format a filesystem onto a device . .
helper function to do a search of policy data from a registry . pol file returns true if the regex search _ string is found , otherwise false
attach a closed milestones counter to each object of the queryset .
returns a string wrapped in ansi color codes for coloring the text in a terminal : : colored _ text = color _ text
function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object .
get the prefixer for the current thread , or none .
create a cache entry
render a list of rows , each as a list of values
return the str representation of text in the given encoding .
evaluate possibly callable input using obj and kwargs if it is callable , otherwise return as it is
answers a call and replies with a simple greeting .
strips all html markup from an html string .
returns the slug for the course wiki root .
create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution .
destroy a node .
return a list of akas of a movie , in the specified language .
tuples indicate that theres not just one return value , but the listed ones .
redirect to the currently - logged - in users info page
print list of available compilers .
get equation for polar radius .
this is only needed for special packages which do not show up in pip freeze pip and setuptools fall into this category .
given the data for one read it returns the seq with mixed case .
formats all the row / column cones for the solver .
create a pylons wsgi application and return it conf
measure properties of labeled image regions .
a decorator to declare that only the first n arguments may be positional .
return mounted disk partitions as a list of namedtuples .
parses an ascii representation of a protocol message into a message .
crete server certificate .
replace the standard socket object with gevents cooperative sockets .
convert obj into an aggregate instance
main function for entry point
broadcast an object to all websocket listeners in a namespace .
of the group users , count how many made a contribution in date _ range .
returns true if a number is from a region whose national significant number couldnt contain a leading zero , but has the italian _ leading _ zero field set to true .
returns whether the specified review has " other comments " .
eq check with a short - circuit for identical objects .
return full path to the user - specific data dir for this application .
registers key parts of the python installation with the windows shell .
coerce the values to a datetimeindex if tz is set preserve the input shape if possible
removes the first api version from the href .
function for printing latex representation of sympy . physics . vector objects .
get evoked data aspect .
get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address
e - step : update document - topic distribution .
beta function that creates a distplot similar to seaborn . distplot
given entity primary key as reference proto , returns entity kind .
since we dont know where a string is coming from and that string will need to be safely decoded , this function will attempt to decode the string until if has a working string that does not stack trace
a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image .
unlinks a file or directory on the target device .
plot the components as epochs .
get the grains from the proxy device .
validates a parameter passed to _ _ init _ _ .
format the jid correctly
options maxiter : int
returns a - tuple , with leading zeros strippped from the string and counted .
returns the format , if valid , else none
returns the date object or an empty string , silly but it will really save some typing since a table might have a date field or it might be empty
verify a xml document signature usign rsa - sha1 , return true if valid
transforms the raw received input data to put it in the required format for running through neon .
return permutations of the integers between 0 and n - 1 .
call the named ckan . logic . action function and return the result .
get the user id # and name .
remove single - dimensional entries from array and convert to scalar , if necessary .
perform in every way identically to l { cmp } for valid inputs .
return true iff any of the filenames does not conform to the pattern we require for determining the category id .
create the modules index .
cycles among the given strings each time this tag is encountered .
returns if the passed id is valid
run function in thread and return result as deferred .
create our environment and add our custom filters
process the xml element by derivation .
returns a dictionary of dictionaries , one dict per auth _ scheme .
return items in sequence that cant be found in reference .
delete a repo from the sources . list / sources . list . d
create a policy version .
the journald beacon allows for the systemd journal to be parsed and linked objects to be turned into events .
calculate the similarity of two statements .
post fields and files to an http host as multipart / form - data .
try to convert to dense
convert mx : class : datetime instance to the new date format .
combines a list of games into one big play generator that can be searched as if it were a single game .
notify a unfavorite event
get the custom setuptools / distutils subclasses used by versioneer .
a shortcut for the backend delete method
ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function , but raise errors on invalid input rather than return
package level setup .
return the base solution for the linear equation , ax + by = c .
details page for personas .
print a graphviz graph to stdout .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
refactored subroutine used by hide and show .
manually blocks a user id for the desired number of seconds
get db conn
resolves the switch statement like nature of decision nodes .
return q object for limiting choices if applicable .
utility function to get a single random sentence .
returns the start / stop indices enclosing the paragraph that mark is in .
return content from local or remote file .
taken from URL
like : func : loads but reads from a file object .
makes this plugin non - gcable
converts a network to a tuple .
checks if a given encoding is ascii .
decorator to require the specified instance to exist .
render the template _ file , passing the functions and grains into the
return a single named information item from the os - release file data source of the current linux distribution .
partially decomposes a unit so it is only composed of units that are " known " to a given format .
add cleanup hooks to a test case to reset timezone to original value .
searches for an exact match using pkgin ^ package $
get the uid for a given user name .
convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy .
attach a network interface to a server .
for sending email from the system to a user
check if the unicode string contains surrogate code points on a cpython platform with wide or narrow
append english template to open pot file dst
establish the database , create an engine if needed , and register the models .
return the widget settings directory .
generator that returns the next date , requires a datetime object as input .
return text of template file specified in config
dashboard for reviewing revisions
returns an individual that does the best on the fitness cases when considered one at a time in random order .
install gettext translations in the jinja2 . environment
publicizes an exploration .
raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs _ to _ start
same as os . walk but follow symlinks attention : all symlinks are walked before all normals directories
check quickly whether file is rar archive .
assert that href and text inside help dom element are correct .
adapted from URL
a small wrapper around getargspec that also supports callable classes
add the current contents of the screen to the prng state .
xor an input string with a given character key .
factory function for making binary operator methods on a filter subclass .
start a new thread .
searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
returns a list of validated embedded fields from the incoming request or from the resource definition is the request does not specify .
returns the source code of a function
calculate the default content security policy string .
check if config is changed
serialize all the actions and print to stdout .
compute bilinear upsampling
then i have sent 2 emails
a job with a single argument and a return value .
retrieves the specified policy document for the specified user .
generator repeatedly returns identical hits dictionaries
parses a string and return a datetime . date .
get to the geometry name path dictionary .
generator for new random tokens
a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art .
returns true the line just read is the first line of its file , otherwise returns false .
check to see if a bup repository probably exists , and abort if not .
generate a glsl template function from a given interpolation patterns and control points .
takes html and returns cleaned and stripped text .
iterate over issues on owner / repository .
topological sort from tim peters , fairly efficient in comparison .
get a new mouse tool .
build auth dictionary .
initialize global variables for the demos .
ensure function exists .
set the given properties on an instance and update it .
given a request , determine if we are embedding .
creates pertinent tree details for the given list of nodes .
get a bound method of the given object by name .
return the set of fields that the requester can edit on the given content
tweets for the default settings .
rereference eeg channels to new reference channel ( s ) .
gets the node from the full node list by name
check if all of a containers elements are unique .
return whether encryptions of two volume types are same .
sometimes we migrate amqp queues from simple strings to pickled dictionaries .
wrapper around get or create that allows us to specify a database and also parse the model data to compress extra fields .
initialize a csr with the given private key .
create files handler
execute a wheel module on the master . .
create a new cast - 128 cipher
add a library to sys . path and installed .
list column families in a cassandra cluster for all keyspaces or just the provided one .
check for the existence of a unix pid .
collects and reports statistics about the mime - types and extensions of googledrive files in the storedfilenode and trashedfilenode collections .
convert a json object dict back into a python object .
reset a development environment
get and return all iam instance profiles , starting at the optional path .
raise 400 httpbadrequest error
emulate system tools that mask courseware not visible to students
return an object containing the parsed output from qemu - img info .
finds the highest number of commits in one day
long _ to _ bytes : string
wait for all ajax requests to finish , or for the page to reload .
return the power of the prime number p in the factorization of n !
some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable - width integers .
teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
ensure that the directory containing path exists .
linear regression angle
load variable - size int .
return 37 templates taken from the postagging task of the fntbl distribution URL ~ rflorian / fntbl /
open a file .
emit a memcpy to the builder .
detailed view of an user .
determine if a path is inside another loop .
scan for and add paths to the include path
load the trec question - type dataset
merge multiple sorted inputs into a single sorted output .
remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands , this function performs the common logic .
updates the user and his / her profile with the data from facebook
get all the circle intersections which exist between all the circle nodes .
copies an object .
reset performance statistics to zero across the cluster .
returns a list of keys matching pat if pat = = " all " , returns all registered options
return a string that identifies the current platform .
use this to mock cast as calls .
when django gives us dict objects via model _ to _ dict , the foreign key fields are foo , but we want foo _ id for the bulk insert .
reserializes the path data with some cleanups .
convert 6 - bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence .
get the list of linux network adapters .
get api method for a resource in the given api
obtain a git client from a url .
returns a random string of length l without zero in it .
returns the subnetid of a subnetname to use
start a defined domain
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with direct interface .
works like text . split but separated fragments cant end with not _ before or start with not _ after
ensures that mysql connections checked out of the pool are alive .
returns encoding from given http header dict .
adds the given number of callbacks / errbacks / both to a deferred while it is paused , and unpauses it , trigerring the processing of the value through the callbacks .
midpoint over period
test subunit output with unicode traceback
update the attributes of an aggregates .
wrapper around django - admin . py .
load a dictionary
renders only form errors the same way as django - crispy - forms : : { % load crispy _ forms _ tags % } { { form | as _ crispy _ errors } } or : : { { form | as _ crispy _ errors : " bootstrap " } }
sets absolute paths for project directories and files
computes the minimal polynomial of an algebraic number using groebner bases
construct a udp datagram with the given source , destination , and application payload .
set precision provider for money instances .
creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . foo . bar has unique values .
given a connectionconfig , return the tuple used as the key in the dictionary of connections by the connectionpooler class .
moving order statistics
test reading and creating morph maps .
load persistent editor from storage .
list items belonging to an api call .
returns the current strategy for sharing cpu tensors .
returns information that wil populate the user info cookie .
save / update the serialized list of minions for a given job
setup file debug logging .
return a minimally - quoted string produced by quoting each word .
return threshold value based on otsus method .
a safe eval supporting basic arithmetic operations .
display the data attributes of an object in a readable format
rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . http instance .
images resource factory method
renders the subscription details .
initialize a journalist into the database .
given the array - compatible input types to an operation , select the appropriate input for wrapping the operation output , according to each inputs _ _ array _ priority _ _ .
get segment loop .
returns true if x is a float , returns false otherwise
test loading model weights by name on : - sequential model
return true if the object is iterable .
compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
this was a slightly modified version of the function with the same name that is defined in urlparse . py .
solve a boundary - value problem for a system of odes .
this view provides the ajax driven directory browser callback
returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged .
get the list of nameserver addresses .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with all fields
get this matrix multiplied by the other matrix .
check to see if an image is transparent .
helper function for building fireplace urls .
compute the brier score .
digest a chunk - - extract working file name and revisions
returns a list of flagged items for a particular user .
populate video with bumper settings , if they are presented .
check if the specified identity is valid .
checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied , .
fairly portable uname interface .
allow external auth to intercept and handle a login request .
helper function for pretty - printing a lexical unit .
splits one hspfragment containing frame - shifted alignment into two .
get current timezone
create an object that can watch for changes to specified files
get a list of model object and represent it as a list of dicts
converts a string argument to a byte string .
raises argumenterror when obj is not instance of cls
just a constant that wont occur anywhere else .
parse a template from a file , using a simple file format .
tells the user that python 2 . 5 runtime is deprecated .
returns the maximum amount of results a changelist can have for the " show all " link to be displayed in a manner compatible with both django 1 . 4 and 1 . 3 .
tabnav for the interactive shiny theme queues .
creates a page user .
performs a put request to the given url .
return a copy of the dictionary without the keys .
reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
helper for getfilesforname ( ) .
check and set the safe visit options .
enable ssh on a user defined port
maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe ( s ) .
format a context object to a curl command .
utility function converts a string , name , to lowercase .
open or create a dummy database compatible .
find the global minimum of a function using the basin - hopping algorithm
return the number of bytes to read to get every full lines for the given parsed fortran format .
variance inflation factor , vif , for one exogenous variable
indirection function so we can lazy - import bs4 .
return a scalar object .
shows the grants for the given mysql user
convert a byte to a binary string .
compute the alignment of two phonetic strings .
returns a sqlalchemy query object for the specified model .
returns a tuple of : 1 .
method to encode streams using the flate algorithm
this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
a helpful function which will open all the connected ue9s .
setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker .
converts v from a sequence into a vector3 .
checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
return matching the function signature
sort on basis of insert _ after
set attributes into both configuration and knowledge base singletons based upon command line and configuration file options .
make a string safe to use as an identifier .
interpret the threshold value
evaluates if the value is a promise .
tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters .
returns detailed message about occurred unhandled exception
this page processes and saves edits to an automatic os installation file .
like dkl2rgb except that it uses cartesian coords rather than spherical coords for dkl .
evaluate a python constant source .
summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
get all available regions for the amazon dynamodb service .
remove unnecessary semicolons .
fetches ret _ config if available .
return content length of a url .
restart the named service
this function checks if the way to request testable hosts is through
import a dotted module path and return the attribute / class designated by the last name in the path .
convert a theano tensor or numpy array to theano . config . floatx type .
implement where ( ) for scalars .
return a list of typical tuples for all related models for the given model .
get the vertex index that both edges have in common .
check if the logged - in request user has the provided role .
given an email address , checks the local cache if corresponding email address : channel _ id mapping exists email
evaluates the cos of an interval
handover complete section 9 . 1 . 16
utility function to get upgradable packages
helper function for searching additive separable solutions .
set a value for a specific augeas path
enable a view to accept an auth key via http basic auth .
create denormalized view ( s ) from cube ( s ) .
create an event in pagerduty .
works by finding the eigenvectors and eigenvalues of the matrix .
uninstalls the given overlay repository from the system .
helper function for sum simplification
removes files needed for certbot if it isnt going to be used
updates an instance of a model with kwargs .
return the given dict with as many of its fields as possible translated into the desired or the fallback language .
returns a sorted list of keywords in the given string .
gets the osm - related options for a pe _ id
rather than rstrip ( ) , remove only the last newline and preserve purposeful whitespace .
check if the system state would be changed .
convert ctf kind to mne kind .
get all qos _ specs .
return the available fileserver environments .
create the elimination matrix l _ n which satisfies vech ( m ) = l _ n vec ( m ) for any matrix m
test optionerror ( s ) raised by screenshot . _ parse _ command ( ) function .
minimize a function using sequential least squares programming
create and / or verify a filesystem directory .
fetch input ebs volumes latest state from backend .
delete one or more tags from a server .
retrieve all infos for all disks parse em into a nice dict . .
required method to auto register this checker
filters results for such ones that are unique across file changes
check if a specified target is available for installation .
get a component _ review from the database
set a value in the user accountpolicy .
given an object or a path to an object , get the object and its name .
prints all the segment info in the segments collection .
extract a mapping from reads to sample _ ids from split _ libraries .
preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected numpy dtypes .
returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable
extract kind name from _ _ kind _ _ key .
parse a query given as a string argument .
calculates the t - test on two related samples of scores , a and b .
gamma - correction of a video clip
returns image ec2 _ id using id and three letter type .
returns a bool whether or not this node is a hypervisor of any kind
look up and analyze a filedesc package
chande momentum oscillator
returns true / false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
create a devicerecord or devicearray like obj and optionally copy data from host to device .
uses the zipfile python module to create zip files . .
decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet .
specifier _ qualifier _ list : type _ qualifier specifier _ qualifier _ list
print out a querystring with an updated page number : { % if page . has _ next _ page % }
parse and validate command line input
set a string value in the registry .
return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from a centos 7 or rhel 7 . 2 machine .
given a passed df , generate the associated google bigquery schema .
emit a message to the specified stream .
remove linear trend along axis from data .
check if role exists
decorator for configuring a cross - domain request .
prompt and use git grep to find the content .
determine the summary line for use in a filename .
convert a unicode object from wx dialogs into a float , accounting for locale settings
check if detaching is required
prints a given ospf interface section to stdout
combines multiple dictionaries into one by adding a prefix to keys
change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list
resets fakedrivers node list modified by set _ nodes ( ) .
bootstrap pip into the current python installation .
display the courses info . html , or 404 if there is no such course .
helper function to login
return the set of fields that the requester can initialize for a comment
get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses .
get all instance actions for the provided uuid .
search the path for a program and return full path
computes kendalls rank correlation tau on two variables * x * and * y * .
find _ goroutine attempts to find the goroutine identified by goid .
hsv to rgb color space conversion .
produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods .
parses a range header into a : class : ~ werkzeug . datastructures . range object .
replaces the security group template contents .
approve a comment .
multi - dimensional uniform filter .
returns list with integers representing characters of a given charset type appropriate for inference techniques > > > getcharset [ 0 , 1 , 47 , 48 , 49 ]
label a test as requiring network connection and , if an error is encountered , only raise if it does not find a network connection .
deactivate pdp context accept section 9 . 5 . 9
ensure that a volume is set as attached .
search path for executable files with the given name .
provides our / help response .
encode a list of features into a topojson stream .
create or delete multiple tags from a kinesis stream .
given a server , return a list of of , which are keys recursively and uncondtionally deleted at unregister or uninstall time .
test for s3migrate ( ) . rename _ field function
very basic head - to - head performance benchmark .
output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names , followed by " . . .
generates a map of services to correct urls for running locally or when deployed .
custom method to manage the discussion of a problem or solution
renders data as json .
list all the filesystems mounted on the system .
return the vms location .
get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
create a large hdf5 data file for testing .
starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors
given a testinfra module object , an instance of that module , and a method name , return the result of executing that method against the desired module .
register a collector with the collectors global
patches decorators for all functions in a specified module .
install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api .
this function is added in the list of templates context _ processors option , which is a django setting for a tuple of callables that take a request object as their argument and return a dictionary of items to be merged into the requestcontext .
persist a user id and a backend in the request .
run all the components in subprocess or thread
post a file of identifiers for future use .
http server replying with the given responses to the expected requests .
generate a spectrum from a series of sine values , calling a c function ipfreq , ipmag , ipphase : sine peaks frequencies , magnitudes and phases
register object with name server and block until the daemon is terminated .
gets the class of the model to which model is related by the attribute whose name is relationname .
this command is run when default _ path doesnt exist , or init is run and returns a string representing the default data to put into their settings file .
this will store the current language layout in the context .
save an html file with the data for the current document .
build random high order test sequences .
return a pair , where deltas is a list of change events , represented as dictionaries : " object " : , " event " : < " create " , " modify " , or " delete > , " attributes " : " cursor " : and new _ pointer is the integer id of the last included transaction
avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations : - immediately inside parentheses , brackets or braces .
deconvolves divisor out of signal , division of polynomials for n terms calculates den ^ { - 1 } * num
create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
get the full path of a cached cib - file with the name of the cib
create or remove locale .
create a thumbnail with a geoserver request .
generate the rst files for an example directory , i . e . gallery .
create a new user .
ensures the function , func is run on the main thread and returns the rsult of that function call .
reblock a blockmatrix so that it has 2x2 blocks of block matrices
fetches all issue counts for a review request .
check whether rds sockets are supported on this host .
returns an n x m matrix with values 0 . 0 .
compile a function that calls fnclex to workround URL
displays all registered navigation bar entries .
simplifies an expression with arbitrary constants in it .
common function for getting the region from endpoint .
modify an existing cluster .
removes a databases from the mysql server .
helper function that returns a list of ssd objects for a given host .
gompertz growth model
add pillars output to negatives and positives .
kill greenlet asynchronously .
run code in a new python process , and monitor peak memory usage .
return a | _ chunk | subclass instance appropriate to * chunk _ type * parsed from * stream _ rdr * at * offset * .
solves the system * x = rhs for an arbitrary rhs .
create a new figure manager instance
replaces page _ key from query string with page _ number .
checks for valid characters in headers , appends to warnings header : list of header strings warnings : list of warnings
verifies expected and got have the same number of leading nan fields , followed by different floats .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items
check that the dask metadata matches the result .
delete fulltext index for given set of units .
return html with markup stripped and text html - escaped .
test adding distances to source space with a dist _ limit
prepares the response for the client .
helper method : extract * action _ num * and * node _ id * from the given regex match .
generate null hypothesis data
parse a config . h - style file .
get the task runner that can be used to run the given job .
test that you cant add a duplicate file extension
ensure that the desired gcs bucket exists , creating it if needed .
get the list of ports that have the specified type definition .
make sure the cli exits .
initialize the inotify ctypes wrapper
yields the scope with the default parameters for inception _ resnet _ v2 .
returns representative seqs .
get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment .
convert select sqlalchemy exceptions into http 409 conflict .
accept or reject group invitation .
returns the expired status , invalid status , the user and optionally the content of the json web signature token .
helper to compare bem solutions
make a file descriptor blocking .
the order of the elements seems to be of no importance : URL # border - shorthand - properties
return the path where the given themes files are located .
select a stream from stream list .
helper method that checks whether the user has staff access to the course of the location .
public link to the document
accepts a datetime object and a timezone name .
note that stream _ dict [ " name " ] is assumed to already be stripped of whitespace
global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re - open log file handles .
removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured .
apply inverse operator to evoked data .
restore a backup .
pretty - prints the time since a given time .
convert to unicode , raise exception with instructive error message if s is not unicode , ascii , or utf - 8 .
create a new chacha20 cipher
reorder test _ databases into an order that honors the dependencies described in test _ dependencies .
change package state in the dpkg database .
permanently delete a column from a grid .
determine the default availability zone .
determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns , which should be shell glob expressions .
loads the libopus shared library for use with voice .
returns a system stream for byte processing .
checks if a service is up
calculate the band depth for a set of functional curves .
move the ssl _ options into position and return the path .
return lines with a yaml representation of header content from a table .
check if all items are valid .
print information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a folder with depth protection from the getallvms . py script from pyvmomi from github repo
create a proper json response .
returns true if filename can be found in one of the directories in include _ dirs .
sort the first * k * * individuals * into different nondomination levels using the " fast nondominated sorting approach " proposed by deb et al . , see [ deb2002 ] _ .
view function that handles a reset password request .
checks if a user is allowed to vote , and keeps track of voters
add a new version for a file .
analyze the dependency relationship between targets .
setup the neurio sensor .
check if a file or directory is present on the distributed fs .
get html : return html for editing the course info handouts and updates .
reads the sources . lst file and populates the available packages list .
given an email find all the possible users , by looking in users and in their history .
return the application cache directory .
inner dfs used in dfs loop method
extracts the authsub token from an http body string .
search the index for missing references .
return a graph from a dictionary of dictionaries .
select the action . asis choice for all tasks .
get module name from configuration file
competency rating for skill types controller
get count of tags for a namespace , raise if ns doesnt exist .
resize a given image file maintaining the aspect ratio .
remove any associated style to the layer , if it is not used by other layers .
convert a column name into a numerical index
display the output as table .
returns a set of nodes of minimum cardinality that disconnects g .
compute the l * * p distance between two arrays .
parses a json model configuration file and returns a model instance .
substitute bcc in raw message .
iterate over intelligenetics records .
add teardrop drill hole to negatives .
variance of error
construct a field deriving generators and domain from options and input expressions .
replies with a random number between first and second argument .
return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir .
returns the absolute value of the pixel - by - pixel difference between the two images .
return the class name that should be used , given the name of a table .
this method allows for post uploading of files into the course asset library , which will be supported by gridfs in mongodb .
order by key length first then values
prints the iam policy for the given topic .
skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes .
return whether the argument is a mac address .
expression : minus expression % prec uminus
renders the html of the hidden post form that must be used to initiate a purchase with cybersource
convert the xml element to a trianglemesh xml element .
only load if boto is available .
return true if the context of the given request would allow xtheme editing .
computes the squared log error .
removes permission from user / group and object pair .
encode up to three timestamps into a string .
return the encoding declaration according to pep 263 .
sort the given list in the way that humans expect .
retrieve the deployment _ config _ file config item , formatted as an absolute pathname .
remove receiver from connections .
unpack the files from metadata , and run the main script .
encode the given model object into bytes .
displays the current time zone abbreviated code
hash a password with the given method and salt with a string of the given length .
add feature resources to the map - rest urls to back - end resources
parse the room presence update .
an iterator that yields everything from it , but prints progress information along the way , including time - estimates if possible
cancel common factors in a rational function f / g .
creates a new ipsecsiteconnection
return a dom representation of the string .
converts an expr to a string of c code
remove all current db - api 2 . 0 managers .
temporarily changes the recursion limit .
divide a string of bracketted tagged text into chunks and unchunked tokens , and produce a tree .
gaussian approximation to b - spline basis function of order n .
get all snapshots for a volume .
updates the datastore / datacenter cache .
given some data in the bytestring raw , return a bytestring of the form
tokens to be shown before the prompt .
fix various deprecated code .
only works on windows systems
check whether two strings differ while avoiding timing attacks .
add a processor to parse json request entities :
getterminalsize ( ) - get width and height of console originally retrieved from : URL
test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system .
returns a single blast record .
given a indexer _ id , and a list of all show scene exceptions , update the db .
custom key bindings for pgcli .
make the client go go go
clean up after possible incomplete test runs .
gets the contents of an autotest info file .
fetch an imagemember entity by id
create geojson [ p ] of facilities for use by a high - traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule
function to process data from lookup service .
bound on polynomial solutions .
put the current greenlet to sleep for at least * seconds * .
solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem .
compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g .
return projection plane and perspective point from projection matrix .
which organisation ( s ) / branch the person is actively affiliated with
determine if the segment between the first and second point is intersecting the loop list .
add a notification driver at runtime .
restful crud controller
create the connection matrix for each resolution using fibers and rois .
alias one attribute name to another for backward compatibility
unwrapped ball benchmark function .
returns queryset of all sites available for given user .
return a query for all activities from everything user _ id follows .
this utility chunks very large index lists into 3kb chunks
return the [ elementwise ] smallest of a variable number of arguments .
return the density of a graph .
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
run simple external command and return output
uses airmon - ng to put a device into monitor mode .
compute node connectivity between source and target .
finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name .
return users username .
create a qcolor from specified string
construct a message instance from data , a dictionary representing the
get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user .
generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance .
a coroutine that calls the given function with each non - skipped import task .
return the list of files specified on the command line .
list all hipchat rooms .
rewrite loops that have multiple backedges .
flatten a possible nested set of iterables
purge a fastly . com url given a path .
we have a null slice
return system information
sleep for a random number of seconds , used to test long - running commands and minions returning at differing intervals
run truncated singular value decomposition on a sparse input .
this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
get all packages which are under dname .
joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes
anybut ( s ) is an re which matches any character which is not in the string | s | .
helper function to output a function call
represent string s as base64 , omitting newlines
this returns a number , n constrained to the min and max bounds .
builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
this function computes the self - similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors .
report if any c files
convert to ascii if allow _ unicode is false .
remove app and linked modules from site
create a processnode that can ssh into the local machine .
parse and return the contents of the given lore xhtml document .
remove packages using apk del .
tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution .
confirm this module is running on an alpine linux distribution
returns the script _ name from the wsgi environment and properly decodes it .
return a generic list of files to be used in hosts - block - lists option .
read the cnt header .
removes everything from the given url path , including language code and pages _ slug if any is set , returning a slug that would match a page instances slug .
given any data structure , returns a zlib compressed pickled serialization .
generic getattr ( ) for @ jitclass instances .
formats args and kw according to the given element factory etype .
query a resource until a successful response , and decode the return data
fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall .
alter a enum type column .
rotate a color by changing its hue value by percent
returns each row as a namedtuple _ .
update the root _ service
process the xml element .
returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
decorator to set the access log level of a view function .
return the path of the conda installation .
given an addressfamily and a singleaddress , return an addresses object containing the address .
logs an error if we see / * . . .
creates a pipeline that corrects for motion artifact in dmri sequences .
bessel / thomson digital and analog filter design .
loss function which is less sensitive to outliers in data than mse .
return a list of raw samples for the resource .
do a quick & dirty expected collision rate calculation on a graph .
validate received config .
both variables are unified .
find in the code of a code object , all loaded names .
wrapper for : class : poollayer .
method to detect if url provides csp features .
create a namespace object
clean out compiled protos .
aux function to be used for interactive ssp selection .
upgrade all software .
input from error pin
return true if two elements of a tuple are different .
only load the module if vboxmanage is installed
given a prepared reqest , return a file - like object containing the original data .
process the xml element .
parses a limited quantifier .
displays the page the user requests .
return the glance metadata for the specified volume .
check one line docstring end .
marks the value as a string that should be auto - escaped .
initializes the media form with an image / video instance and posted data .
returns current column within a string , counting newlines as line separators .
transform a list of block devices of an instance back to the legacy data format .
simple wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs
get the overhang support angle in degrees .
return the list of packages based on the mirror provided .
create a cartesian product of levels from all dimensions .
start url intent on the emulator .
generates links to source files where translation was used .
create a policy .
helper function to build the url and open a handle to it .
get the read preference mode from mongos / uri name .
extracts selected blocks of a matrices * m * depending on parameters block _ indices * and * block _ size * .
return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file .
setup python in macos via homebrew
configure an ipython shell object for matplotlib use .
test whether a numpy . ndarray contains any np . inf values .
initialize all parameters
converts a numpy matrix to a cvxopt matrix .
drops privileges to selected user .
a view that indicates if the request was secure
creates the ast node for calling the splitlines attribute of an object , nominally a string .
cleans up the backup _ link _ path directory by deleting files older than 24 hours
list the capabilities available on the system
computes hash of a file using crypto module
add a mapping between a type and an extension .
this assumes the python module bllipparser is installed .
decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension
send insert into table .
detach all loop devices associated with files contained in root _ path .
random walker algorithm for segmentation from markers .
returns a list of the drop table sql , then the create table sql , for the given module .
delete an existing virtual .
unzips filename into dir
learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
outputs assembly statistics for provided fasta files .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
test whether a string is a tk boolean , without error checking .
skip the given test function if eval results in a true value .
lookup an instance in the load balancers in a region and return its health status .
to remove specified asam platform from the novell fan - out driver
thin layer above glanceclient , for handling pagination issues .
initializes connection to the mailchimp api
return the parents size , or the provided defaults
computes nodes and weights for quadrature on the beta distribution .
creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run .
cast a value to a type .
delete a network device only if it exists .
given a monotone function fn and a set of x values , return an linearly interpolated approximation to its inverse from its values on x .
get the image that matches the required image type
check if a bundle id or command is listed in assistive access and enabled .
checks all subpackages and modules in the package _ name package .
aborts execution and causes a http error .
extract text from the first occurred dom aggregate .
for cc98 identity verify
load bytes prefixed by vint length
enable the named service to start at boot
deserialize the string version to the value stored internally .
makes the case flags .
downloads a tar file , untars it , and saves the result in a given dir .
teardown any state that was previously setup with a setup _ function call .
simple equality test .
function to scan through all tests and add them to the database .
gets all available photometers .
checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store date and time formats .
multi - dimensional gaussian filter
least - recently - used cache decorator .
do - nothing debug action , to suppress debugging output during parsing .
set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
helper function to transform hosts argument to
updates the headers replacing the first occurance of the given name with the value provided ; asserting that no further occurances happen .
determine if input contains negation words
print the at ( 1 ) script that will run for the passed job id .
initialize a table reader allowing for common customizations .
creates the disk for the linode from the distribution .
return dict for a specific volume _ type with extra _ specs and projects .
new account form
strip filesystem - unfriendly characters from a filename .
install virtualbox guest additions .
stores templates and contexts that are rendered .
remove a limit option from site _ config
the gluon wsgi application .
compiles the application
get equation for cylindrical z .
raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str .
subtracts time from date and returns the resulting date .
create a node .
initialize the given config _ stub .
return an expression containing hyperbolic functions in terms of trigonometric functions .
only load if the pushover module is available in _ _ salt _ _
show the loss / accuracy graph , but bigger
method to monkeypatch on to routes . mapper . mapper which does the same thing as resource ( ) with the addition of standardized routes for handling elements in galaxys " deleted but not really deleted " fashion .
returns a set of tuples for all tags present in the journal .
delays function execution until after the requests transaction has been committed .
write a full - featured table with all types and see that it round - trips on readback .
revert an old revision .
prefix a queue name .
parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . argv
return a context manager that raises resourcedenied when various issues with the internet connection manifest themselves as exceptions .
the view page of the node .
returns a list of batch indices .
creates database tables for all models with the given engine
return a random rotation matrix , drawn from the haar distribution ( the only uniform distribution on so ( n ) ) .
returns a private key object based on pem text .
return a list of starting points ( score , ) .
set new crop filter geometry .
filter out spurious reports from pep8 .
raise error if sffinfo is not in $ path
yields tuples of affected bears and a sourcerange that shall be ignored for those .
returns a string usable for lambdifying .
migrate a legacy file version to osf storage .
modify acl group .
decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
return tuple of redis error classes .
return the rendered script
retrieve information about host public key from remote server hostname
converts placemark named tuple into a packed , base64 - hex - encoded , comma - separated representation for storage in
returns a dot - formatted string that can be visualized as a graph in graphviz .
returns true if : func : is already marked with : mark : , false otherwise .
add an ace to an object path : path to the object user : user to add permission : permissions for the user acetype : either allow / deny for each user / permission propagation : how the ace applies to children for registry keys and directories
get networks hosts config in dhcp - host format .
set callbacks and private data for decoded audio .
decorator for an elementwise function , to apply it blockwise along first dimension , to avoid excessive memory usage in temporaries .
return from request body .
extract integer limit from request or fail .
determine if the provided value is a task object .
ensure that the parent directory containing this path is available .
test for symbolic link .
decode a banana - encoded string .
get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s .
get data from the mine based on the target , function and tgt _ type
reads a registry value entry or the default value for a key .
find a unique selector for an element .
calculate the median of the values of an array over labeled regions .
test channels - dropping functionality .
analyzes an open fmri dataset
lock a file object safely .
run weighted _ lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links .
pushover object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
given an album object , returns a path to downloaded art for the album .
get the course modes for course .
clever bit manipulation .
render a job report html .
ensure bracket definition should be and can be loaded .
return a configured oslo _ messaging rpcclient .
set the fields of a dbcore . model object according to a dictionary .
babel extraction method for jinja templates .
activate this register to turn on a minion status tracking register , this register keeps the current status beacon data and the time that each beacon was last checked in .
support function for scatter _ ellipse .
execute an unmodified puppet _ node _ classifier and read the output as yaml
converts a space - or comma - separated list of values into a python list of integers .
rap - music for evoked data .
update an entrys attributes using the provided directives
set the monitor timeout in minutes for the given power scheme
test mne browse _ raw .
update the timestamps on all of the sources submissions to match that of the latest submission .
show statusbar comments from menu selection .
update default configuration options for oslo . middleware .
quoting that doesnt do anything
create a scatter chart using : class : scatterbuilder to render the geometry from values .
returns the dynamic tab types for the current user .
walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi - package xpis .
print items in l to stdout separated by tabs
reuse or create a static ip address .
canonicalize tensor formed by tensors of the different types g permutation representing the tensor dummies list of dummy indices msym symmetry of the metric v is a list of for tensors of type i base _ i , gens _ i bsgs for tensors of this type n _ i number ot tensors of type i sym _ i symmetry under exchange of two component tensors of type i
rescales a list of tensors based on their combined norm
deletes a store .
return a platform independent representation of an array shape
splits a concatenation of null - terminated utf - 16 strings
enable the named service to start at boot
perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and sigmoid activations .
open a resource file , if needed .
updates course search index .
sets the date on which the password expires .
compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix , to use in cho _ solve
build the ruby module cix element tree .
get libvlc _ event _ manager from a vlm media .
convert arguments to create ( ) to arguments to create _ container ( ) .
get x intersections from surrounding layers .
will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task _ name key set .
set the minimum password age in days .
create a qbuttongroup for the specified items
add simplified path to fill .
take a snapshot of traces of memory blocks allocated by python .
generates an adhoc ssl context for the development server .
returns all lambda related facts .
merge sets that share k or more elements .
clean out the old jobs from all returners
helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors .
decorator to run a boto3 . ec2 . serviceresource method and log additional information about any exceptions that are raised .
generalized achlioptas random sparse matrix for random projection
change random chars of the string to upper case .
fixture to enable caret browsing globally .
accepts a port number or a single - colon separated range .
check if the logged - in request user has admin role .
get all principals
broadcastable dimensions in reshape are replaced with dimshuffle .
run input sanity checks that depend on info from the zone / record .
return all zones metrics
converts a string to a native string
createbuffertexture - create an 8 - bit texture render target
migrate data to match the new schema .
checks if the data matches the passed in crc
check to see if there is a " pageant " agent we can talk to .
to calculate the count of duplicated locations for new one .
get multiple precision integer out of the string .
used for testing
updates a vlan to network association
loads the import signatures for distros
compute power and intertrial coherence using stockwell ( s ) transform .
call the _ _ prepare _ _ method of the appropriate metaclass .
maxout activation function .
get unique token .
switch sqlite connections to non - synchronous mode
returns a doctest . outputchecker subclass that takes in account the
list the active mounts .
main function to generate the sin wave
compose a component list based on a custom and base dict of components , unless custom is already a list , in which case its returned .
gce requires the names of all resources to comply with rfc1035 .
for numbers 1 - 9 , returns the number spelled out .
return the base64 encoded sha1 hash of the data .
validate the beacon configuration
detaches given usage plan from each of the apis provided in a list of apiid and stage value . .
convert values from cgi . field objects to plain values .
mean collated alpha diversity data at a given depth
read values from fo using the rel / bit - packed hybrid encoding .
convert a salt job id into the time when the job was invoked
normalize a multivariate polynomial in the given domain .
test for reproducible pdf output : simple figure
validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
forgets any execution profile that has been gathered so far .
reference implementation of the v1 mobile body signing .
convert a file path to a dotted module name .
multiply a labeled polynomial with a term .
register a schema to validate request query parameters .
grant admin access to user email .
returns the complete multipartite graph with the specified subset sizes .
destroy the image or raise if it does not exist .
setup the apcupsd sensors .
generic daily archive view .
alias for hg p - - quick
encode int to base 36 .
get pull request info by number
convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
write a fiff _ block _ start tag .
when we want to use the latex backend with postscript , we write psfrag tags to a temporary postscript file , each one marking a position for latex to render some text .
set all tokens after end token to the padding value , and then shorten it to the maximum sequence length in this batch .
installs one or more packages if not already installed .
compute an incomplete lu decomposition for a sparse , square matrix .
parses fdist data into a record object .
parses several html elements , returning a list of elements .
remove an entry from an endpoint .
equate the points .
a decorator that ignores exception _ class exceptions
return a and b if v matches a + i * b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers , else none .
upgrades all packages via apk upgrade or a specific package if name or pkgs is specified .
convert task message protocol 1 arguments to protocol 2 .
validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri .
get the repository constructor .
destroy all quotas associated with a project .
compute the trimmed minimum
add an element to the pixel list .
takes a char string and pads it wih null bytes until its length chars
find the schema properties files and load them into a dict .
helper method for tracking field changes on a model .
join two path components of either bytes or unicode .
logs a message indicating that the proc query failed .
sends email and records it in db
expand the key from a 7 - byte password key into a 8 - byte des key
make a palette with color names from the xkcd color survey .
performs defragmentation of a list of ipv6 packets .
return the gravatar url for an email address .
get a vnc console to a server .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted by the property given in the argument .
assert that the currently logged in user is an administrator .
checks the callable _ to make sure that it satisfies the given expectations .
check that predict is invariant of compute _ labels
adds the logged in user to the contributor group
the implementation returns a borrowed reference .
create all required foreign keys .
hides tick labels for box plots in scatterplotmatrix subplots .
list background email tasks .
create a feat preprocessing workflow together with freesurfer
register the given actions as children of the corresponding parent .
returns a list of for all the things to index
assign files to or remove files from a change list
returns a handle to the special failed queue .
return a well - formed unevaluated add : numbers are collected and put in slot 0 and args are sorted .
return the ssh _ usernames .
helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression , that is , it looks for a repeat of a previous expression .
one hot encoding .
build a docker image from a path or url to a dockerfile .
python friendly version of getobjects progid / clsid functionality .
reload a tables metadata .
check that were running on a supported system .
method decorator to add to your test methods .
inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
parse the database packet , return if it checks out or not .
bayesshrink threshold for a zero - mean details coeff array .
picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it .
save image data to disk
a decorator that defines _ _ unicode _ _ and _ _ str _ _ methods under python 2 .
returns a dict of all metadata based on a metadata key for a specific host .
save rebalance object to file .
this builds a quick mock sequential datastore with 100 values for each discrete , coils , holding , and input bits / registers .
yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string .
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _ allocated _ site - local address space .
returns a content in a different format based on the clients defined accepted content type , should pass in a dict with the following format : { [ content - type ] : action ,
walk a directory and yield each full path that is a mach - o file
convert the value to json
delete the datastore storage file at the given path .
create an option group of hachoir library options .
step response of continuous - time system .
return nvra of a local rpm passed in
converts a datetime object to a nice string representation .
helper routine for ogrinspect that generates geodjango models corresponding to the given data source .
raise a l { raisedarguments } exception containing the supplied arguments .
scan the systems mail log files and collect interesting data
shifted jacobi polynomial .
demonstrate the use of the semantic ui template
read the content of a json file and return a dict .
count floating ips used by project .
verify that extras _ require mapping is valid
internal helper function .
return an unused port from given namespace
true if there is an ovs port that doesnt have bridge or patch ports prefix .
get the ctf head transform .
the coherence between * x * and * y * .
create a pair of self - signed https certificares and store in them in ssl _ cert and ssl _ key .
wait until winrm connection can be established .
return a value based on a flag value .
returns the size of the largest maximal clique containing each given node .
return a list of eventrenderers from available sales
create agent rpc consumers .
return true if the alias / target is set
given a task or block , recursively tries to find its parent play .
compute epsilon for given log _ moments and delta .
parse the dirbrowser content from the given quteproc .
normalizes the given domain , component by component .
returns the human readable version of a file size
infer a getattr node by using getattr on the associated object
get the absolute path to the local users home directory
return an instance of a show by querying its id
automatically try to discover django settings files , return them as relative module paths .
set up projection for raw and epochs .
all percent characters should be upper - cased .
caching decorator with an unbounded cache size .
test mayavi version check .
construct the authnstatement
return a version string with information about this git checkout .
calls rar / unrar command line executable , returns stdout pipe
separate a named range into its component parts
run buildout in a directory .
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
pointer : times type _ qualifier _ list pointer
this heuristic assumes the presence of unknown functions or known functions with non - integer powers .
removes all keys associated with a timeline key .
read a chunk - - data for one file , ending with sep1 .
returns json datasets : [ { id , name , group , status , status _ css , submitted , elapsed , badge } ] , models : [ { id , name , group , status , status _ css , submitted , elapsed , badge } ] ,
the pprint for the super type .
applies a changelist to a pristine collection and returns the result .
combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics .
create a node of type node _ type and associate the listed parents .
lists all installed themes .
factor polynomials into irreducibles in k [ x ] .
query to metricdescriptors . list
retry decorator that helps to handle common transient exceptions .
return string representation of cookie in the lwp cookie file format .
querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules
joins characters of phrase and if symbols is given , raises an error if any character in phrase is not in symbols .
insert a log event .
performs fragmentation of an ipv6 packet .
formats a phone number using client - defined formatting rules . "
restricts the characters that are allowed in text ; accepts both strings and lists of strings ; non - string entities will be cast to strings .
checks if name is a final object in the given mro .
coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
registers all bundled review uis .
macd with controllable ma type
render gist script .
checkout / payment error view .
decorates column operation functions for mysql .
align lhs and rhs series
invalid password regular expression .
converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone .
an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
tuple to version string
return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . widget entry points plus the default orange widgets .
return true if a is greater than or equal to b
convert size in pixels to size in degrees for a given monitor object
evaluation function for the n - queens problem .
context manager which temporarily changes the current directory .
asserts the specified output contains a line matching the regular expression specified by the argument expression .
return the intersection of sets a and b , counting any overlap between cloned predecessors .
converts bytes to a unicode value , if necessary .
return a table of groups and the containers in each group .
parse user id .
return sum of digits of n raised to the power p .
measure throughput of zeromq publishers .
view a wiki document revision .
return a directory where you should put your . so file for dlimport to be able to load it , given a basedir which should normally be config . compiledir .
return a list of tag names that contain a given string .
check if the func was called in any of the given methods , belonging to the * klass * .
helper method that creates an atom id for a feed or entry .
returns for an index type , where lines is the list of list of positions of a matrix line , traces is the list of list of traced matrix lines , rest is the rest of the elements ot the tensor .
munges the package name field in case it is not to spec .
get the triangle mesh for the stl file .
parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
registers an input converter to the list of global input converters .
returns true if the value is either true or a string in true _ values .
returns a default initializer for the biases of a convolutional module .
perform a null record lookup .
return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records .
parse the command line for options
set boot device to use on next reboot
remove raw ansi codes from string .
setup a wemo link .
returns an array filled with decreasing numbers .
normal order an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators .
print the query results by requesting a page at a time .
required method to auto register this checker
finds a dsym file for the given uuid .
assert that each of the given warnings are emitted by fn .
add accelerator command .
check if the object has a permission
delete all image locations for given image
return denested expr after denesting with simpler methods or , that failing , using the denester .
add a layer of ssl to a transport .
tell the finder a file has changed .
returns a list of abbreviated date strings .
retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
split a string into parenthesized groups .
create a native code function from a sympy expression
returns weight and bias tensors for each layer of the rnn .
get all groups .
return a 2 - tuple containing .
monkey patch and defuse all stdlib xml packages and lxml .
test reading volume label names
to reset a vm using its name
get the version of currently installed tomcat .
given a selenium browser , wait until the browser has completed .
compute adjacency matrix weighted by distances .
create vg on top of ram memory to speed up lv performance .
checks if value is a localizable type and returns it formatted as a string using current locale format .
sets up the client for the coordination service .
parse a string of a dataset size 10g , 100kib etc into a usable integer .
add spaced portion directions .
logs the user out .
calculates cuda _ visible _ devices for a subprocess
find the python source file for a . pyc , . pyo or $ py . class file on jython .
downloads commonsense data from URL
get a certain completion .
returns the equivalent of the http requests script _ name environment variable .
get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
handles command line arguments and gets things started .
endpoint for all requests to embed edx content via the lti protocol .
ensure a sysrc variable is absent .
add a tool plugin menu .
expand ~ and ~ user constructs .
callback that returns immediately instead of waiting
function to return a tuple of the list of questions and series _ id for the given completed _ id
override the pylons about controller to render the core about page template .
return a dictionary of changes between dashboards .
return the text angle as float .
back up a file
software deployments resource factory method .
return true if obj is a text or binary python string object ,
generate the main examples gallery restructuredtext
convert a time interval to a map from hours ( represented as
helper to make sure n _ fft and n _ overlap make sense .
filters element items in a list with matching name and uri .
only load if puppet is installed
write 1e6 units at a time
encapsulate any data which contains a comma within double quotes .
returns the quality q of a mime - type when compared against the media - ranges in ranges .
get new repository .
returns millisecond epoch time for a date or datetime .
repeats each element of a vector many times and repeats the whole result many times
load a catalogue backend
interpret a marker and return a result depending on environment .
returns the team that the commentable _ id belongs to if it exists .
process the xml element .
check if a module has been replaced with a cooperative version .
check whether the profile object exists .
a coroutine for performing the initial musicbrainz lookup for an album .
predict next words using the given prefix words .
ensure we can get / set only some fields
convert a file : url to a path .
quotes a string for use in a url .
returns data retrieved from a url .
enumerate a set of anchors for each scale wrt an anchor .
return the databse list created on a ms sql server .
function to decline a report
return this platforms string for platform - specific distributions
transorm soups : becomes
setup the configurator component .
run chimera checker with given options >
open a new window containing a graphical diagram of the given trees .
for a specific format type , returns the format for the current language , defaults to the format in the settings .
initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk ( ) , iscarbontk ( ) , iscocoatk ( ) , and isxquartz ( ) .
turns strings into floats .
return boolean indicating if object has a provisioning block .
return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider with relevant data .
get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
get the plugins directory path .
check that a draft has at least one recipient , and that all recipient emails are at least plausible email addresses , before we try to send it .
main entry point for command line interface
swapcase ( s ) - > string
extract configuration about service discovery for the agent
return a sqlalchemy engine .
increment the indentation level by one .
parse the server / portal restart status
function which logs mongodb query and profile data for the provided mongoengine queryset object .
gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map .
check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
configure boto to log to a file for debug
get the edge width .
tries to match given keyword expression to given collector item .
insert a renamecontenttype operation after every planned renamemodel operation .
checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid .
returns delete data .
create an openid consumer object for the given django request .
dynamically define a twill shell help function for the given command / docstring .
parse a i [ . f ] seconds value into .
produces a brief summary line describing a set of items .
destroy used or unused cached images .
this is the tail of every params file we generate .
add releases to a collection .
registers a flag whose value can be a list of arbitrary integers .
builds a formatted description of a registered option and prints it
validates the public username .
write out selected portion to filename .
move file pointer back to its recorded starting position so it can be read again on redirect .
load sqlite database .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
for messages types 40 msg , 43 videochat , 50 voipmsg , 52 voipnotifymsg 53 webwxvoipnotifymsg , 9999 sysnotice
ensure that everything loads correctly .
get equated geometryoutput .
computes the maximum of two sets of expressions f and g , which are in the same comparability class , i . e . mrv _ max1 ( ) compares f and g and returns the set , which is in the higher comparability class of the union of both , if they have the same order of variation .
mark a given problem type correct or incorrect , then submit it .
return mixing matrix for attribute .
mock out the eventnotification client request object , replacing the
a context manager for locking an instance of a qmutex .
serialize the given function for logging by eliot .
supplement existing urlpatterns with corresponding patterns that also include a . format suffix .
returns the value of more than one tensor variable .
plots a series on the given matplotlib axes or the current axes
decorator to handle query retries .
retrieves single qos specs by id .
function to decorate methods in order to query the memoized cache , very simplistic decorator since it can only be used for getters which take " self " as parameter .
escapes % characters .
returns a dict where the key is the daemons name and the value a boolean indicating its status .
struct _ declarator : declarator colon constant _ expression
open a finder window for object , specify object by name or fsspec .
detect the current desktop environment , returning the name of the environment .
cleanup old entries in url cache
make c { root } into an iterable of l { bytes } and l { deferred } by doing a depth first traversal of the tree .
derive one or more keys from a master secret using the hmac - based kdf defined in rfc5869 _ .
perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts .
locate the given mark in payload and return its index .
returns a string of the given objects attribute , defaulting to the fallback value if attribute is not present .
set windows to use a list of ntp servers
a decorator that makes given function validator .
helper for running commands quietly for minion startup
return a table of containers with detail about each .
traverse the given expression structure , returning an iterator .
convert size in pixels to size in cm for a given monitor object
starts a swarm , given a path to a json file containing configuration .
only load if boto libraries exist .
get cart if exists .
converts a sparse matrix to compressed sparse row format .
configure the port http should listen on
helper function to scan usb interfaces returns a list of suitableserialinterface objects with name and id attributes
detect the encoding of the byte string input , which contains the beginning of a css file .
structural matching of term s to discrimination net node n .
create a tensor filled with zeros , closer to numpys syntax than alloc .
pitem : string
get the next edge index in the mesh carve .
review group terms page .
execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system .
annotates a set of validation results , unless annotate is false , and saves them to the given file instance .
resolve user and group names in related opts
craft a gcode file .
pause a scan
parses a python extension .
get an autoscaler from gce .
this decorator registers a custom sigint handler to catch and ignore sigint until the wrapped function is completed .
return scaled position array to in all axes .
resource component page header
return standardized pipeline objects to be used for comparing
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
build a genbank / embl location from a featurelocation .
retrieves users certificate from db .
calculate the robust median estimator of the noise standard deviation .
updates all translations .
log a traceback to the log .
second clustering phase of denoiser .
export course into a directory
return true if the given file path is a javascript file .
download a text file from matt mahoneys website if not present , and make sure its the right size .
returns a dictionary description the given type .
read light measurement info from forward operator .
generate const = zmq _ const and _ _ all _ _ for constants . pxi
new folder form
query helper that accounts for contexts read _ deleted field .
return the sample variance of data .
dvr module resource headers
delete a reactor
checks for missing dependencies .
comouter rag based on region boundaries
predicate that decides whether an nmap script should be ignored or not , based on ignore _ * constants .
set the default colormap to hot and apply to current image if any .
orient the loops which must be in descending order .
return the docstrings for all runners .
report errors from the clone task if they exist
analyse manifest file .
returns a list of sentences .
configuration required for galaxy static middleware .
legacy html escape for non - unicode mode .
return repr of obj .
set a value in an openstack configuration file .
run the local scp command to upload a file or directory to a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops .
enable / disable trakt thread
return an iterator over all example workflows .
returns true if * obj * is iterable and contains strings
set the windows system date .
return size of filesystem tree
get gcode text without duplicate first words .
generates a random simple graph with the given joint degree dictionary .
compute the trimmed mean .
guess how much memory an object is using
walk providers for information on shows
return model store urls as a list
switch on / off service start at boot .
assures the resource is cleaned up .
get all the locales that are available on the system .
given a flavor list pick a reasonable one .
convert date / time string in iso - 8601 format into a datetime object
convert b to a boolean or raise
scale the points .
gets a valid number for the specified region and number type .
get a key from the gpg keychain keyid
add an rule to csf denied hosts
given a dictionary d , returns the object described by the dictionary
print a list of messages
if the conf . monkey _ patch set as true , this function patches a decorator for all functions in specified modules .
return a html formated label for a disjoint set indexed by i .
count number of bits needed to store a integer number .
registered handler for 404 .
create agent rpc consumers .
import a migration file and return the module
validate a username / password combo , returning true / false
infer storage options from url path and merge it with existing storage options .
convert string - like and string - like array to convert object dtype .
converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance .
returns origin ip .
require several deb packages to be installed .
generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope .
decorator to designate an api method applicable only to server - side instances .
whether running in dev appserver .
return a comma separated string of permission changes .
identity matrix in sparse format
revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
wait for a given statusbar message / error / warning .
only one qapp can exist at a time , so check before creating one .
logs the user in .
compute nth derivative of bessel function yv ( z ) with respect to z .
returns the product of the elements in the sequence seq .
add common selenium arguments for argparse driver utility .
get new derivation .
check that conversion to named matrices is possible .
merge 2 dicts by adding the values .
eliminated blobs with area overlap .
return the relative parent directory path symbol for underlying os . .
find the absolute number for a show episode
detect if a byte string seems to contain a pem - encoded block
use this instead of list ( set ( ) ) to preserve order of the original list .
subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
return list of known aws regions .
return a group of rubiks cube generators > > > from sympy . combinatorics . named _ groups import rubikgroup > > > rubikgroup ( 2 ) . is _ group
find all python files .
parse an hstore from its literal string representation .
given as event dictionary , calculate the resources used as a timeseries
chooses the longest seq from all seqs , uses first if ties .
yields the values from items in chunks of size chunk _ size
splits an image in rois for parallel processing
remove a service from zone .
abbc = asterisks , breaks , bold , center
given 2 absolute paths " path " and " reference " , compute the path of " path " as relative to the directory " reference " .
detach request section 9 . 4 . 5
full simultaneous exact substitution
configure zfs for use as a flocker backend .
find the value for a given name in the given environment .
returns the ip and port of where the search service is running .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details .
returns true / false depending on whether a management task exists for an instance
return details of the next batch in a batched update .
write a launchd plist for managing salt - master or salt - minion
all available agents
add the inputs , keeping in mind their sign .
add new knowledge folder to preselected folder
utility function opening the right fileobject from a filename .
return whether the given id is a valid javascript identifier .
get the slice .
this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps - p option .
process will try to reset to normal priority
returns a list of the drop table sql statements for the given app .
retrieve information corresponding to a " ps aux " filtered with the given pattern .
create greyscale wedge
loads unit data for zen mode .
check xdg locations for config files
wrapper around create _ volume .
converts value into a string suitable for readable urls .
selectively fill instances with manually - joined metadata .
test whether a resource is enabled .
corrects package data paths
return package logger - - if it does not already exist then it is created
determine if the complex polygon goes round in the widdershins direction .
format worker node name .
given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects , return a recommendation based on the results distances .
only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed
accepts a list of names .
test histogram visual
a simple template with a helper that exists .
deploy latest environment and code and restart backends .
convert 6 - part time tuple into datetime object .
method to copy an input to the subjects directory
calculate the median absolute deviation .
the try / except attributeerror allows this to be used where the input is ambiguous , and could be either an already - reversed url or a version object .
adds a reference to statement .
returns the style attribute of a node as a dictionary .
restart a service .
get cutout circles .
setup the demo lock platform .
return the contents of the global network script .
return a pair , indicating the next occurrence of char in str .
renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget .
migrate tasks from one broker to another .
returns all elements in seq1 which are not in seq2 : i . e seq1seq2 .
returns a translation object .
creates a thumbnail from the image passed , returning its path : : { { object . image | thumbnail : " 400x300 " } }
calculate a forward solution for a subject using mne - c routines .
a variant of sgd that scales the step size by running average of the recent step norms .
calculates the t - test for the means of * two independent * samples of scores .
alias for rand _ add , with entropy equal to length
drop the tables .
make a call to the scaleway api .
apply the template from the template directory to the output using the supplied context dict .
tries to make a time out of the value .
create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service .
this functions tries to solve some issues when joining multiple absolute paths on both * nix and windows platforms .
robust class - name utility - function
reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information .
resource header for send
log in as a coach specified by the optional arguments , or create such a user and log in if it doesnt exist .
create an iis application .
update rc params from file .
add the given vlan _ id to the switch
decode the output of a music tagger model .
install a nikola plugin .
get table header sort links .
older versions incorrectly used linux xdg _ data _ home paths on os x .
given a theme chain , return the bundle definitions .
ensures all options that have been updated since cutoff have their correct values stored in the cache .
use this function at the end of test _ main ( ) whenever sub - processes are started .
updates the list of input projects
deletes ( ! ) the sympy changes .
performs a random rotation of a numpy image tensor .
create a commandlineinterface , feed it with the given user input and return the cli object .
fit and plot a univariate or bivariate kernel density estimate .
returns the rendered common header
wrapper of _ _ get _ hosts _ filename but create host file if it does not exist .
creates a set of training / test splits for cross validation .
compute an optimal scale between min and max
creates a quotausage record and adds to user _ usages if not present .
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
loads an object from an import _ path , like in middleware _ classes and the likes .
send a bulk request to elasticsearch and process the output .
helper function for when a single plot axis is needed .
delete a user from jumpserver linux system
starts the threaded _ server on a separate thread .
returns the hg revision .
encode env _ vars as kumascript headers , as base64 json - encoded values .
cycle through all partions of n elements , yielding the current number of partitions , m , and a mutable list , q such that element [ i ] is in part q [ i ] of the partition .
an application that emits the given error response .
retrieves single instance type by id .
returns a list of vapps associated with a given service instance .
build a hash of model verbose names to models
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ,
shows the purchase page for another user .
perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request .
test tsss - only processing .
return the length of str , considering only characters below max .
return the location of the ca bundle file .
translate a shell pattern to a regular expression .
get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line , if it does not exist return the value .
return a dictionary of parameter values that configure the pipeline parameter _ values _ from _ pillars
get date based on timezone and offset of days .
create an administrtaor user using the cve
gets a string summarizing the results .
add pillars output to negatives and positives .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
apply a mask to edges
load an image from disk
split the array into equal sized chunks based on the number of available processors .
check if were running from a git repository .
converts a pil image to an ndarray .
circle grid : finds an assymetric circle pattern - circle _ id : sorted from bottom left to top right - if no circle _ id is given , then the mean of circle positions is returned approx .
converts e - series name format to uuid .
return a list of individual lines in the explanation
adds a role for a group on a domain or project .
concatenate variables vertically .
separate inline comments by at least two spaces .
returns true if the string contains only latin - 1 characters .
get a color which is percent % interpolated between start and end .
helper function to extract the selections from the side panel and generate a resource filter
return a formatted timestamp
composes an ngramtokenizer and a lowercasefilter .
virtual storage location suggestion , can be overriden by koan .
displays a user info popup .
edits an advanced problem , types the provided xml , and saves the component .
get all networks ips that have been associated .
commits the changes loaded into the candidate configuration .
create a dataframe representing assets that all begin at the same start date , but have cascading end dates .
utility to search for imageio or pil
decompress byte string to array of integers of any bit size < = 32 .
yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record - without - . pyc
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted by the property given in the argument .
creates a new test user , then deletes the user
register a nonstandard application - defined directive function .
only load if git exists on the system
solve a nonlinear least - squares problem with bounds on the variables .
get vector3 teardrop path by end and start .
executes the given prompt , when complete calls callback function with two arguments : a boolean representing whether the operation was dismissed and a list of unlocked item paths .
return contextual completion of s
matrix slice elements
infer many images
downsample by averaging points together across axis .
get a reference that is i { qualified } by namespace .
modify a replication group .
convert the xml element to a path xml element .
alreadyrunningerror is raised if an ora2 report is already being generated .
returns the name of a managed object .
returns the indices that would sort ids by tree tip order
encode cert bytes to pem encoded cert file .
enable code to run in a context with a temporary locale
detach a cinder volume from a nova host and block until the volume has detached .
run post hook if defined .
index _ transactions page : displays all transactions
converts de into re and solves using : func : rsolve .
retrieve the creditprovider model data against provided credit provider .
return true if youre following the given group , false if not .
make sure that all arguments are less than or equal to 2 * * 31 - 1 .
filters the otus file based on which samples should be removed and determines which sequences to remove
gets an endogenous response that is consistent with the true _ params , perturbed by noise at noise _ level .
return array of random doubles in the half - open interval [ 0 . 0 , 1 . 0 ) .
return the k - shell of g .
makes unique ids .
a decorator for setting the default kwargs of basehandler . crawl .
this function is used to apply color filtering to lcd decimated bitmaps , like the ones used when calling ft _ render _ glyph with ft _ render _ mode _ lcd or
remove keys from mydict whose values are none
returns the state of the container name
same as init ( ) for ool mode .
return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check .
attempts to parse the given val as a python expression of the specified acceptable _ types .
insert the first argument of the previous command .
generic implementation for several operations .
remove empty rules .
compute the difference in seconds between two date , time , or datetime objects .
return the entropy of the data in * y * in units of nat .
create an ssh keypair
return list of available services rom catalog .
preprocess barcoded libraries , e . g . from 454 .
delete a folder and all its subdirectories .
get build _ exe options with additional includes .
set and retrieve response . charset
isolate real roots of a square - free polynomial using the vincent - akritas - strzebonski cf approach .
returns the nfl . com xml schedule url .
fonseca and flemings multiobjective function .
retrieve cached sort values for all comments on a post .
delete an autoscale group .
add intersections of the loop with the other loops .
underlying implementation for node insertion .
in a sparse batch of ints , make 1 . 0 if its 0 and 0 . 0 else .
parses a parenthesised subpattern or a flag .
generates the plotting and docstring .
skip a test if a custom user model is in use .
this is usually done in widgets new , but we avoid all that complications for tests .
used to mark a function as deprecated .
return a new instance of a blake2b hash object .
control the logging by changing loggers level if the request is from logout .
the earliest date for which we can load data from this module .
configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj .
workflow that performs nlmeans denoising
list all actions that pertain to a task in the specified location .
return a list of users based off of rabbitmqctl user _ list .
primary svn _ cvs entry point
compile a devicefunctiontemplate
returns time format preferred for internet standards .
normalize a string and remove non - alphanumeric characters .
remove inactive threads from _ thread _ references .
given a dictionary mapping : py : class : optiongroup and
return a detailed package ( s ) summary information .
test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario .
describe a volume volume _ id
return a pg cursor
returns whether we are frozen via py2exe .
splits a resource url into " : " .
summarize data using percentiles and derived weights .
syncswapbuffers ( n ) if n = = 1 then buffers will sync , otherwise sync will bee turned off .
validates topic similarities given by data , which should be a string of comma - separated values .
provides zfs state
transform real vector via a composition of rokhlins random transform , random subselection , and an fft .
install a signal handler for hup , int , and term to call exit , allowing clean shutdown .
wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
file is binary if it contains a null - byte by default .
takes a remote file an checks if it is newer than a local file .
make animation of evoked data as topomap timeseries .
compute the contribution of the string at * index * in the match set .
check if accessing _ obj is the same as accessed _ obj
produce a wrapping function for the given cls or classmethod .
serve the contents of the ember application
this is a separate function for simulating a vector linear system of the form x _ { t + 1 } = a x _ t + v _ t given x _ 0 = x0
returns the list of all nodes dominating the given tree node .
manybooks uses a very strange opds feed .
require the hostname to have a specific value .
tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern .
create a : class : flockerclient object for accessing the given cluster .
convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string
create the path to a package .
sends the contents of a file to the client .
api endpoint for getting progress data on downloads .
view a wiki document .
if a container with the given name is not present , this state will fail .
get a module type / file path
evaluate a python expression as a string using various backends .
returns color prefs and counts data based on options .
returns the value that separates the lower half from the higher half of values in the list .
create a new script .
initialize target environment .
return vertices of polygon for subplot axes .
for a given bufsize type , return the actual bufsize we will read .
returns vertices of a dag in topological order .
returns true if name is imported from package at the top level of the tree which node belongs to .
given a kwargs dict , a prefix , and a default value , looks for different color and alpha fields of the given prefix , and fills in the default value if it doesnt exist .
modify the extensions to build from the . c and . cpp files .
decorate the given function to be a no - op after it is called exactly once .
get all instance faults for the provided instance _ uuids .
return url to remove _ tag for question 2 , tagged { colorless , green } .
return a 32 - character uuid .
nested dictionary insertion .
check to insure required options have been supplied
returns a paramiko - ready key from a text string of a private key
get the repository constructor .
builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
return a list of unique valid options for a list of image processors
do a wikipedia search for query .
put our response object to local cache
return a sparse matrix representation of first order difference operator .
make otu node table where nodes and their data are recorded .
return the size of an object when packed
flat gradient of f wrt v
show an error message
this function replaces itself to ensure that the test module is not imported unless required .
see if the token matches the revocation event .
used where the conclusion of an asynchronous operation can be ignored .
add step to a running jobflow .
try to determine the current system users username .
return the path of git . exe , or none if we cant find it .
modifies lineagenames config to contain the specified values .
parse the ova descriptor to extract the vmdk name .
stubs out the db api for creating instances .
saves image in data to path , in the format specified by the path extension .
returns a list of records by filters , fields , ordering and limit
byte - compile one python source file to python bytecode .
make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
decodes a morse code with letters separated by sep and words by word _ sep into plaintext .
check the arity of a relation .
read sql query into a dataframe .
convert a string to its boolean value
check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages
fixture to run all the tests for protocols 0 and 1 , and - 1 .
search a list of dict return dict with specific value & key
returns true if the given node is an object from the _ _ builtin _ _ module .
analyze a gcode file .
get the package that the directory is contained within .
html attributes for languages different than the site language
return a list of all applicable test modules .
lists paths content using absolute paths .
expects username : username in post data .
runs the example .
writes the message to the log file using the warn level .
given an array of popen objects returned by the pipe method , wait for all processes to terminate and return the array with their return values .
returns true if match scoring requested , false otherwise .
fetch data for blob .
utility function to do basic slug splitting
context manager to silence py3k warnings .
checks if the given charset is known to python .
load the template library module with the given name .
decorator function for basic performance testing .
copy all stat info from src to dst
copy docstring from one function to another
return the load associated with a given job id
set / enable a specific feature .
helper to get sosfiltfilt from scipy
toggle data register d6 bit
a factory function that returns a new semaphore .
expands dimensions of an input variable without copy .
return the specified section of the image .
generator that splits a string by spaces , leaving quoted phrases together .
list system fonts
return paths from a list of qstandarditemmodel indexes
return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence .
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker ( x ) .
returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list .
build a nested network with the inner one being a ffn and the outer one being recurrent .
stack tables vertically
block the current greenlet until * fileno * is ready to read .
a shortcut to create a tcp socket , bind it and put it into listening state .
get instance type by name .
get a registered checker for some language .
elementwise linear - interpolation function .
get the subgraph that contains all codons in list .
determine whether a set of lti launch parameters contains information about an expected score , and if so create a gradedassignment record .
dump to a string .
return a tile key string .
test if name is a global graph resource name .
split record name at the first whitespace and return both parts .
return paths uid .
return the list of all info for all users
helper to define a parse action by mapping a function to all elements of a parseresults list . if any additional args are passed , they are forwarded to the given function as additional arguments after the token , as in c { hex _ integer = word . setparseaction ( tokenmap ) } , which will convert the parsed data to an integer using base 16 .
send a message to a channel .
retrieve script arguments
a wrapper around pprint . pprint - - for debugging , really .
take a string in the form 1234k , and convert to bytes
setup the zigbee binary sensor platform .
this function is used for detecting bad patterns .
lists all repos in the sources . list files
use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible
gets the instances external ip address from the compute engine metadata server .
setup single button device .
yield daily counts extracted from the contributions svg .
return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document
filters out docker plays that do not have a dockerfile .
returns a function that operates as a whitelist for the provided list of fields .
process the xml element .
create an orphan field at specified address : field _ cls
repairs the full database or just a given table
faster version of set for sequences of small numbers .
connect to the database specified by the db argument .
gets the available thread count .
returns a human - friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long .
only runs if sysrc exists
call this to run the interactive shell .
plot todays daily puppy .
returns the non - neighbors of the node in the graph .
avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations : - immediately before the open parenthesis that starts the argument list of a function call .
a post to remove messages .
return a mask which is safe to use on x .
read changes to the directory using the specified directory handle .
helper function to format the stdout from the get _ syslog _ config function .
install python dependencies .
reconnects before running
restful crud controller
load a certificate from a specified path .
determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed .
merge things together .
sort the topologies in order of preference .
create and return a pcidevicepoollist from the data stored in the db , which can be either the serialized object , or , prior to the creation of the device pool objects , a simple dict or a list of such dicts .
depth - first search of tree rooted at b , return in postorder
static page view
registers an unpack format .
append an enrollment to the enrollments array .
displays current stack depth
use the simplified : class : twitter class to write some tweets to a file .
create an area chart using : class : areabuilder to render the geometry from values .
as advised in doc / library / configparser . rst .
invoke a remote method and get back an iterator .
set the hardware rtc - based wake alarm to alarm _ time .
return a panel with properties from parents .
helper function that recursively returns an object with the specified related attributes already populated .
register the core python file extensions .
loads all linker sequences into memory , storing only the length of each linker .
execute a script .
converts newlines into and s .
takes a string with variables .
helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . g . " system - version - machine " .
write interactive plot xy _ coords : a dict of form { series _ label : }
if the given directory has a valid _ _ init _ _ file , return its path , else return none
recurse for sdb : / / links for opts
grab prefixes after a : class : ~ google . cloud . iterator . page started .
if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results , e . g . , wrapper ( x ) trim is an integer for the symmetric truncation of the series in some filters .
render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 .
start logging for a trail
function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates .
return datetime from days since 1 / 1 / 4713 bc and ms since midnight .
calculate the inverse of the fisher z transform on a z value .
verify that the named file or directory is missing , this returns true only if the named file is missing but does not remove the file if it is present .
extract the embedding matrix from the given word2vec binary file and use this to initalize a new embedding matrix for words found in vocab .
adds the counts and returns a new sum tuple .
reload the named service
register all built - in formatters .
purge prefix cache .
test tcp / ip connection for stimserver < - > stimclient .
determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text .
returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents .
test the ability to clean up feature values .
return the expression to complete
regenerate a list of command line flags , for an option of action = append .
list all of the symlinks stored on the master
download an s3 object to a file .
ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the group specified .
return the calculator associated with the counter _ type when it exists .
get the list of yum repositories .
using conv2d with width = = 1
return unix time .
add _ redaction _ filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers .
make a request to the wikipedia api using the given search parameters .
convenience function to format and return a key = value pair .
makes unicode console output work independently of the current code page .
decorator for overloaded functions / methods .
un - monkey - patch an attribute
ensure were connected to the host were running on .
prepares for switching from old _ module _ dict to new _ module _ dict .
get solid plugins in the manipulation matrix , shapes & solids folders .
return module * modname * data path
safely check for pyqt4 / 5 , pyside or pyside2 , without importing submodules
finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack .
sets up api stubs using remote api .
creates a sqlalchemy expression for the given operation .
polynomial exact pseudo - quotient in k [ x ] .
returns a fixed hessian for any chain location .
construct matrix filled with ones at and below the k - th diagonal .
select a palette from the colorbrewer set .
cache the output of the lambda function on disk
check if the filename is a type of file that should be validated .
compute the key and the message with hmac sha5256
convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
return 0 if value is none
calculate a term to correct tm for salt ions .
configure the time dimension for a layer .
unpack a response from the database .
parse / etc / hostname and return hostname
return the directory where experimental artifacts are placed .
get configuration paths from environment variables .
a context manager which will cause the log output to be indented for any log messages emitted inside it .
performs a template include without parsing the context , just dumps the template in .
computes the log of input probabilities masking divide by zero in log .
parse all proxy information from a proxy string .
efficiently estimate the 1 - norm of a ^ p .
return which variant of an experiment a user is part of .
only load if boto is available .
return string of datetime _ obj in the utc timestamp format
returns list of syntax elements with quotes and spaces stripped .
estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate .
return the number of datasets that are followed by the given user .
get an encoded string which contains all profile settings .
softsign of a tensor .
convert a non - naive datetime object to a unix epoch timestamp
page rendered with a flash
return the symbol used by the locale to separate groups of thousands .
callback for change of quota _ size
regroup keys in the d dictionary in subdictionaries , based on the scheme in the newgr dictionary .
fire a signal on a given workflow instance
parse asctime - style dates .
returns the conductance of two sets of nodes .
if there is an old cached package , pip should download the newer version
convert a binary string into its base64 encoding , broken up into chunks of i { chunksize } characters separated by a space .
returns a dict of the options for the year computed field used by the filter widget orderby needed for postgres
make sure a unicode string is returned
check to see if a table exists .
loop through all children and return text only .
landing page for installation .
does basic modeladmin option validation .
shows an edit form for the given path .
return module or none .
bootstrap minions with salt - bootstrap version : develop
fixed seed makes for repeatability , but there may be two different random number generators involved .
stop all timers in a canvas .
get the importradius .
creates alpha map of size for a triangle with corners defined by points .
generates a signed json web token using a service account .
see if a particular plugin is loaded .
conditional _ expression : logical _ or _ expression
convert to the old format of clusters , which were bool arrays .
clears globally installed cache
set the vbox _ guest module if the os linux
build an interface script for a network interface .
check for missing and duplicate variable names .
anova type ii table for one fitted linear model .
returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module .
ensure a repo is absent .
shortcut to run show ver on switch . .
return the fully encoded url as string .
show an information message box .
return a boolean indicating whether given alias exists
waits for multiple handles .
run a subprocess and return its output .
returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected
decrypts into new file .
get a dict of data on a task .
make sure the resource type fit the resource _ type column .
show the channel stats based on a drop _ log from epochs .
compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n .
handle messages the switch has sent us because it has no matching rule .
read a bipartite graph from a list of edges .
conveniently generate epochs around ecg artifact events .
discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin .
used to let mezzanine run from its project template directory , in which case " { { project _ name } } " wont have been replaced by a real project name .
google app engine uses a special prepended string to signal that it is an hrd application .
get the accessible attribute .
get networks hosts config in dhcp - host format .
list contents of a tree .
assumes tt winding direction
compute the isin boolean array
return the display range for a given set of image properties .
estimate distribution parameters by mle taking some parameters as fixed
fix a module filename path extension to always end with the modules source file .
decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
adds a cross entropy cost function .
verify that the gemset is present .
generate a rsa public keypair for use with salt
get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider .
return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params .
compile an out - of - line module , return the corresponding ffi and module objects .
helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters .
simplified output as - compared to pr _ pentity _ represent
clear our data from the environment when necessary
parse an http basic / digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter .
collect and save new exit survey results .
turn number of bytes into human - readable str
returns permissions for given user / group and object pair , as list of strings .
sends a post - signup email to the given user .
returns a tuple of the following : . a dictionary mapping from fully qualified name to target .
normalize a python object and extract all sub - dasks .
unconditionally skip a test .
helper function to normalize kwarg inputs
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
move item with key k from d1 to d2 .
parse a string or file - like object into a tree
process a plot .
start the python execution server in a subprocess
parses mapping file to get dictionary of sampleid : rev primer mapping _ fp : mapping filepath
returns length of utf - 8 string in bytes
imports and returns a module .
unzip a file to a directory
check if shapefile for a given layer has valid column names .
monkey patching jedi
retrieve the content at a given url , or return none if the source is unreachable .
init _ declarator : declarator equals initializer
runs a thing once and once only .
declaration _ specifiers : type _ qualifier declaration _ specifiers
setup a signal handler to explicitly call logfile . close ( ) and exit .
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook
return a compiled regex combined from a list of regexes .
get the epsilon for dtype , possibly downcast to blas types .
return the path of the makefile .
remove two kinds of useless reshape .
get a callback function that will return post / put data overridden by response _ overrides .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
given a list of files , append whitespace to each of them to trigger a git diff - then reset .
drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
iterator over dependent attrs of a resource in a template snippet .
parsed body received with chunked transfer encoding , and return the decoded body .
configure the netio platform .
assign a label to a group of clients based on hostname .
transform rpc method into variable name .
get a key from a bucket
send packets at layer 2 using tcpreplay for performance pps : packets per second mpbs : mbits per second realtime : use packets timestamp , bending time with real - time value loop : number of times to process the packet list file _ cache : cache packets in ram instead of reading from disk at each iteration iface : output interface
checks if the given error is an ssl error .
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . retcode inside a container context container container id cmd command to execute . .
update the status of the subtask in the parent instructortask object tracking its progress .
compute id of a real matrix to a specified rank using random matrix - vector multiplication .
formats a date as the time since that date .
strip ^ and $ from pattern begining and end .
convert a yielded object into a . future .
safe wrapper for os . path . join : asserts that all but the first argument are relative paths .
pootle init - - help
update an autoscale group .
require the italian language .
wrapper to start rq worker .
retrieve the non - reserved properties from a dictionary of properties
module home page
send an invitation email
format a list of tuples .
sanitize the filename name .
returns the md5 hash of the str of the expression .
down - sample n - dimensional image by local averaging .
retrieve target port .
print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 .
release the contents of the local for the current context .
determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match .
allows a user to block another user .
function to prepare test _ rss . xml file , replace the port with a random one
remove continguous holes smaller than the specified size .
functional interface to the stochastic optimizer cma - es for non - convex function minimization .
return a list of all registered xmoduledescriptor classes .
simple string to display a floating point matrix
the default progress / filter callback ; returns true for all files
skip decorator for tests that require functional symlink
handle legacy options
xyz to rgb color space conversion .
parse the http - equiv refrsh parameter from the given response
log events related to server requests .
open log files
invoke a function that may or may not return a l { deferred } .
initialize session object .
add intersections of the line with the loops .
group elements into list of size group _ size and fill empty cells with filler .
compiles template _ string into nodelist ready for rendering
execute the set selections command for debconf
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
user - callable function to create and return a unique temporary directory .
returns a dictionary containing a boolean specifying whether scipy is up - to - date , along with the version string .
return a path relative to $ state _ path .
get the vector3 .
converts a base 36 string to an int .
parse and validate a format specifier .
get decoded input from the terminal .
only work on posix - like systems
disables pretty terminal settings and animations .
scan the given python content and return code intelligence data conforming the the code intelligence xml format .
get a popen mock back .
perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
put alpha channel of original image in the new image .
set the http host
return a list of urls that have been processed correctly for inclusion in a page .
used for cropping image and create thumbnail
infer dimensionality from mean or covariance matrix , ensure that mean and covariance are full vector resp .
calculates the nti of the selected group .
format value with given field properties .
evaluate a function as a at a specific point and only varying values at one index .
extracts the filters from a dict of query parameters .
checks if the given error is an ssl error .
forces zypper to refresh repo metadata .
communicate with monitor
dont accept complex , otherwise call upgrade _ to _ float ( ) .
create a workspace to wrap main and sources gyp paths .
requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl
return path environment variable value for the sandboxed environment .
assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag .
recursive generator providing the infrastructure for augtools print behavior .
update _ _ module _ _ attribute of objects in module .
return dt with fields not in shown in format set to a default
returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine .
an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
ask if operation should be retried ; return true if the answer is yes
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
for a given channel , perform pooling on peripheral vision .
ensure that a container is stopped name
check if given command is in list of available commands
previews the e - mail message that would be sent for a review of a review request .
function to create the _ stegcontrol object and init the
make a diverging palette between two husl colors .
extract and validate multiple inventories from json body .
create an unopened named temporary file
cast all selection nodes into simpleselection nodes .
uses the bi convention : 1024 b = 1 kb since this method primarily has inputs of bytes for ram
pass in a functions dict as it is returned from the loader and return the argspec function signatures
ensure that the named index is present
allows manual tracking of an object ( s ) in the video clip between times t1 and t2 .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with select fields .
return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits .
checks whether the length of the * args argument passed into a function has at most len arguments and whether or not all of these elements in args are set to their default values .
show usage data for a single tenant .
given two binary arrays , compute their overlap .
creates a simple table in the given dataset .
automatically assigns local variables to self .
similar behaviour as haskells foldl .
find a framework using dyld semantics in a very loose manner .
return details about all elasticache replication groups .
pick k points at random in data .
create a load - balancer configuration .
summary report about a list of issues , printing number and title .
return jobs based on range of job ids
add pillars output to negatives .
fix pep8 erorrs in current buffer .
context manager that overrides the current site id for code executed within it .
deserialize a stream or string of json data .
require a mysql server to be installed and running .
abort ( ) should raise a provided exception
write pack object to a file .
make sure we do not try to use complex numbers .
update the homebrew package repository .
return tshark version
get a resource _ type associations ; raise if not found
transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
small wrapper around logger functions .
runs the unit tests without coverage .
retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . .
pause stream display
pull image for containers in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted pull all images path
person controller - used for access to component tabs , personal profile & imports - includes components relevant to hrm
get current state of media descriptor object .
smooth a gcode linear move text .
re - render all documents in the kb in chunks .
return a list of audio files for the given directory .
return the endpoint direction .
save and restore a logging configuration .
checks the versions of evennias dependencies including making some checks for runtime libraries .
return the value for a key in the accountpolicy section of the users plist file .
convert hex to rgba , permitting alpha values in hex
get the pipeline id , if it exists , for the given name .
returns a set ( ) containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider .
returns true if the " source " contains an instance of " inst " .
create a new aes object .
removes all roles from a group on a domain or project .
compute scaling to correct amplitude bias .
get new derivation .
deletes an index , recreates it , and reindexes it .
read vm tests from fixtures fixtures / vmtests
return booleans for whether the x and y ticklabels on an axes overlap .
transform a dict object into a : class : pyramid . request . request object .
integrate celery with flask URL # configuring - celery
build up the response from the labels found
guess the mimetype of a file based on its filename .
add a channel name on click .
get a list of patterns for all hooked apps .
return a random intersection graph with independent probabilities for connections between node and attribute sets .
import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output
only load if boto is available .
tries some special tricks to get the distribution information in case the default method fails .
slices off a proportion from one end of the passed array distribution .
process the target by the manipulationfunction .
single transaction view page
migrate a persisted configuration from one version to another in sequential upgrades , e . g . a source version of 1 and target version of 3 will perform two upgrades , from version 1 to 2 , followed by 2 to 3 .
decode a single line of quoted - printable text to 8bit .
returns the max - age from the response cache - control header as an integer ( or none if it wasnt found or wasnt an integer .
helper function to try to guess sensor type from name .
strategic all - apply rule to args .
compute a hash using shooters algorithm
a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class .
takes an lxml element el , and generates all the text chunks for that tag .
returns a the node in choices that has more connections in g to nodes in wanna _ connect .
get analyze plugin filenames .
adds a parse callback , to be invoked when option parsing is done .
calculates negative log - likelihood of linear - chain crf .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
initialize the database
return full path to the user - specific log dir for this application .
generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link .
a simple counter to be used in the config to generate unique ids .
return a synset for an ambiguous word in a context .
return three number tuple as private key .
this view returns a calendar .
make sure a connection is in autocommit mode .
destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
get root element of a doctype with a tree structure
return a literal clause , bound to a bind parameter .
returns a dict with column docfield values as dict
get the jump point if it is inside the boundary , otherwise return none .
converts a string of imap flags to a list
custom page to link to those settings which can be edited through the web interface
similar to smart _ bytes , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
compute reduced groebner basis , from beckerweispfenning93 , p .
launch a tunner with paramiko in a subprocess .
retrieves the paste _ deploy . flavor config item .
check validity of a connection namedtuple .
input can be an array or pandas - like .
this method utilize course registration code .
defined in admin module , so redirect there
return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page .
elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
set package in hold state , meaning it will not be upgraded .
returns the start and end pem markers
convert attribute values into json representation .
shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager
display an image
given the array - compatible input types to an operation , and the operations formal output type , resolve the actual output type using the typing * context * .
make a fixture attribute an alias of another fixtures attribute by default .
modify a course enrollment for a user .
same as djangos standard shortcut , but make sure to raise 404 if the filter _ kwargs dont match the required types .
forces utf8 solidly on all platforms .
query for an driverinitiatordata that has the specified key
return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable .
convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it
convert a dict to a multi - line stanza
merge host and play variables .
unescape a local portion of a jid .
evaluates rosenblatts shifted histogram estimators for each point on the dataset data .
solves a first order linear homogeneous partial differential equation with constant coefficients .
evaluate value only if value is a : class : lazy instance .
tbss nonlinear registration :
undoes what convert _ coords does .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is openbsd
find channel based on tag or category .
create a decorator that can be used to register vi text object implementations .
apply provided metaquery filter to existing query .
add glacier checksums to the http request .
return true if the given step is currently running .
pull compile / link flags from pkg - config if present .
parse a string and return the corrospondending ipaddress and the a guess of the ip version .
skip a testcase instance if matplotlib isnt installed
forces a value to be rendered as a non - localized value , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
calculate information - theoretic entropy measure for a given distribution .
return all roles
ensures that all the data of a binary fits table is in a big - endian byte order .
process the xml element .
return a plausible module name for the path .
clone a new vm from an existing vm
return system _ controls information from osquery
convert a matplotlib figure to a plotly graph and plot inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server .
a module to convert the a pos tagged document stream
return the name of the primary group that owns a given file
get the pushbullet notification service .
an iterator that yields the next character from " pattern _ iter " , respecting escape sequences .
a factory for threaded decorators .
return integer after making positive and validating against n .
return time - format string adjusted for 12 / 24 hour clock setting
this fixes a bunch of validation errors that happen during the migration .
create a metadata - schema object or raise if it already exists .
execute a single module function on a remote minion via salt or salt - ssh name
populates all series _ fields for given entry based on parser .
populate the database with sample data
this is just a placeholder for the users method of bootstrapping the median and its confidence intervals .
minify with html5lib .
return a random rotation matrix of rank dim .
removes items from a dict whose keys satisfy the given condition .
render price property of a priceful object .
start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
method which validates domain value and errors out if the requirements are not met .
return all distribution names known by an index .
decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
profile a single function call .
grab initrd or kernel image .
validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document .
valid forms of dbref are either a string # n or an integer n .
perform a single round of path legalization steps .
converts a " stack " structure into a flattened parameter vector and also stores the network configuration .
frequency - swept cosine generator , with a time - dependent frequency .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with select fields
set a prefered ffi backend .
format an unmarshalling error .
decorator to parameterize tests with order .
check if the file has writing permissions .
default exception handler for use by load _ tool _ elements _ from _ path .
save subtitles on filesystem .
delete a tile by coordinate .
threshold an eigenvector evenly , to determine minimum ncut .
the main function of the hypersearchworker script .
gets virtual interface for instance thats associated with network .
aggregate a cube
adds region and sorted _ children fields to nodes
decorator for notify which is used from utils . monkey _ patch ( ) .
get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
get the canvas portion of the scrollbar .
write methods of service types .
this function looks for rsa key and certificate in the current directory .
a demonstration for the regexpchunkparser class .
a function that returns the value of the property
return a new sink with a numeric id incremented in a threadsafe way
converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets .
open a tcp server in three steps 1 ) set evt to true to let the parent know we are ready 2 ) [ optional ] if is not false , write the list of data from dataq . get ( ) to the socket .
display a product - convert the product variations to json as well as handling adding the product to either the cart or the wishlist .
returns the common replies .
list port forwarding . .
verifies that the command output of the last command contains the expected text .
create an imageproperty object .
generates formal power series of f .
converts stringifed scope value to a list .
get the full path of a temporary cib - file with the name of the cib
helper to generate user cert subject .
smash together the path components .
searches for a single track and returns an iterable of trackinfo objects .
generate isosurface from volumetric data using marching cubes algorithm .
start datastore admin operation .
check if the running - configuration has changed , send an email notification when this occurs .
private function that takes a dict , and screens it against the current request dict to determine what the dict should look like that is used .
returns true if package removal succeeds
create a temp file and move / copy the contents of path to the temp file .
wrapper around open ( ) built - in to set cloexec on the fd .
using session credentials / config , get headers for a v2 api request .
hey you ! decorate me !
get all available regions for the rds service .
gets source and target texts and its metadata .
returns a list of roots of a quartic polynomial .
set the hold state .
return the keyname
returns a form field for a db . selfreferenceproperty .
takes a override class or function and assigns it dunder arguments form the overidden one .
return secret _ key of your app
return indices of all combining chars in unicode string text .
create an instance of the gax logging api .
generates a ctypes function that returns an integer value .
internet gateway detach
debug a test script .
build commands to add / del ips to bridges / devices .
delete a computenode from the database .
set project configuration facts if not already present in facts dict dict :
view returning all defined tasks as a json object .
convert algebraic coefficients to integers in k [ x ] .
returns a list of display author and sortable author
converts a json - c string into a jsonc object .
min - max normalize a given matrix to given range [ low , high ] .
create a networkx graph from a pydot graph .
add a fragment and / or query parameters to a url .
clean the given html .
decode a bson array to python list .
adjust view onto our scene .
compose functions to operate in series .
takes an amount in dollars .
get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
returns the cross - product of the sets given in ss .
week view - each slot represents an hour
multiprocess - safe secret key file generator .
fix relative urls for image src = " files / " to src = " / files / " in doctypes with text editor fields
check destinations of links that point to html files
register language support with the manager .
get list of all apps via sites / apps . txt .
compute gammaincc exactly like mpmath does but allow for more terms in hypercomb .
add a per user site - package to sys . path
remove all sessions last modified over months months ago .
downloads all available updates , skipping those that require user interaction .
enable forwarding a specific ip address from one interface into another .
generate pseudorandom number .
generate a control file for a sequence of tests .
default datalist item renderer for resources on profile pages
return empty string for none value
uri template converter
create a new cluster status fsm .
stringify time in iso 8601 format
updates an existing usage plan with throttling and quotas . .
context manager that keeps directory state when calling remote operations .
returns an array of samples drawn from a log normal distribution .
given a discussion topic name , return an id for that name .
removes all instructor and staff users from the given course .
log the server version and some configuration values .
this was instead of phylonode . rootatmidpoint ( ) , which is slow and broke this should be deprecated in a future release once the release version of pycogents tree . rootatmidpoint ( ) is identical to this function this fn doesnt preserve the internal node naming or structure , but does keep tip to tip distances correct .
because transitive dependencies are not initially created it has to be done manually by calling this function .
runs the provided function on startup , passing in an instance of the api
try to look up the image url for the course .
decorator to define a macro called name .
this will remove an item from the user cart and also delete the corresponding coupon codes redemption .
returns a nested collection of tensorflow assign operations .
test tabular1d model .
get event id from request url
return the complete file name for the module dir _ comps : list of string
negative sampling loss function .
encode a string using base32 .
decorate a function to cache itself using a cache region
get pull request info by number github _ api : version of github api to use
generator to iterate over content items specified by ids , run update content availability on that item and then yield the required update .
get the complex path from the vector3 path .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
helper to validate and automate filter parameter selection .
fields is a sequence of elements for regular form fields .
create n colors in hsv space that occupy a gradient in value .
convert mpl vertical alignment word to equivalent html word .
order scop concise classification strings .
returns a suitable contribute _ to _ class ( ) method for the field subclass .
print version and project info to stderr .
synthesis of one sinusoid with time - varying frequency freqs , amps : array of frequencies and amplitudes of sinusoids
convert dicom files for use with make _ flash _ bem .
enable special function errors
return the path
number of 1 bits in binary expansion of a nonnnegative integer .
extract data from a scenarioresult instance .
recursively set writable .
return true if a filename matches the clean - up list
handles a reply to a specific message .
get the arguments from the given callfunc node .
return the processor architecture .
scale and convert an svg file or svgtext .
detect object classes in an image using pre - computed object proposals .
use the old python - memcache server hash function .
calculate the relative extrema of data .
check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot
returns a diff of two volume types and whether they are equal .
helper to ensure that text passed to writeconsolew is unicode
return certificates information from osquery
directly calculate connectivity .
generate time - staggered sinusoids at harmonics of 10hz
retrieves all customerids in the account hierarchy .
generator collecting replies from queue .
generates a matplotlib plot of andrews curves , for visualising clusters of multivariate data .
helper function to open webpages
returns a dataset from a dbf stream .
compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
get the path for the migrate repository .
create an object that can watch for changes in specified directories
twitter [ n ] - - gets last / [ n ] th tweet from
draw a tree diagram of relationships within a matrix
merge struct s1 into s0
determine sign character .
a test to ensure the gnome module is loaded
returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file .
get the triangle mesh for the obj file .
retrieve the contents referenced by the url using urllib2 .
get all models for a given api
return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image
calls the method provided with the driver as an argument until the return value is not false .
create a snapshot in a disk image
create an queryableattribute / user descriptor hybrid .
check if a given path is readable by the current user .
produces wedge start and end values from list of dataframes for each level .
returns adjacency lists for each layer in network .
return graph from tree data format .
builds the vm clone spec .
only works on windows systems
convert an event db object to the google api json format .
demonstrates lenet on mnist dataset
waits for writing to be available from a list of sockets or optionally a single socket if passed in .
convert hexadecimal to binary , ignoring whitespace
list all available package upgrades on this system refresh force a refresh if set to true .
make boto log activity using eliot .
given eigenvalues s , return how many factors should be kept to avoid storing spurious values .
find the sr reference from the vdi reference .
plot erfimage on sensor topography .
check for the existence of a rule in the table and chain
gets the count of all open threads for the given feedbackthreadanalytics domain object .
routing area update request section 9 . 4 . 14
checks index _ name is a string which is not too long , and returns it .
add a css class to a string of css classes
return a full path to file _ path in the extras directory .
execute a command .
get an enrollment from the enrollments array .
creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups .
shows the plot .
undeploy the application from jboss instance jboss _ config
reads xml file content and returns its dom representation
helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots
returns true if the two strings are equal , false otherwise .
returns each row as a tuple
plot 2d topography of evoked responses .
this command diagnoses an installation of ka lite
activate an osd
indicate that the given relationship attribute should disallow lazy loads .
the returned monkeypatch fixture provides these helper methods to modify objects , dictionaries or os . environ : : monkeypatch . setattr monkeypatch . delattr monkeypatch . setitem monkeypatch . delitem monkeypatch . setenv monkeypatch . delenv monkeypatch . syspath _ prepend monkeypatch . chdir
ensure microsoft updates are uninstalled .
return the indices where ravel is true
return a dictionary referencing all files which match the thumbnail format .
test stores are not created with slashes on their name .
activate pdp context request section 9 . 5 . 1
callback function for guarding loglevel
resolve & # xxx ; html entities .
helper function so we dont have to specify json for everything .
resend confirmation email .
concat a path for this name
get the last modified time of path as a timestamp .
read dig point struct tag .
print all trainable and non - trainable variables without tl . layers . initialize _ global _ variables
return an ast for the given python content .
verify that the variable is not in the make . conf .
performs a two - sample t - test with monte carlo permutations .
computes a crc16 on the passed in string .
find intersection of trust - region bounds and initial bounds .
strips comments and filter empty lines .
return the ip of eth0
set up the thingspeak environment .
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
get roles for a user
sets options turned on by switch - o
compute spherical bessel functions in ( z ) , kn ( z ) , and derivatives .
send signal from sender to all connected receivers .
returns the returner modules
untar the file to the destination location .
helper to check the snr of a set of channels
find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
executes job in a worker , performs commit / rollback and logs if there is any error
checks the current path to see if a command is available or not .
common setup function .
unleash payments in usa .
terminates a vpc module : ansible module object vpc _ conn : authenticated vpcconnection connection object vpc _ id : a vpc id to terminate cidr : the cidr block of the vpc - can be used in lieu of an id
test database created from vo registry .
traverse all commits in the history of commit identified by commit _ id and check if the serialization works .
write a default to the system
create link from / etc / nginx / sites - available / in / etc / nginx / sites - enabled / from fabtools import require require . nginx . enable . .
returns the file server modules
get version from git describe in the root of the source tree .
zdt1 multiobjective function .
create dask bag from a dask dataframe
construct a reference ; the signature is the same as for key .
provides the lms dashboard view
returns the location that is the published version for location
format a results report for a parsed cert
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
adds a user to the course creator table with status granted .
returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list .
make sure the bucket name conforms to amazons expectations as described at : URL # bucketnamingrules
run olap server with configuration specified in config
converts a byte to an integer .
restart the named service
return a dict of pid to ppid mappings
empties all logs stored within the globally - held logs buffer .
returns the graded value from the persisted _ block if found , else from the latest block content .
get the remaining loop and add face .
test a line profile using an ndim = 2 image
authenticate staff _ user with permission .
select an appropriate apache vhost .
mark that an option should only be exposed in ipython .
cool a gcode linear move text .
starts the component
get the line number of a function .
get a list of all backup drivers .
convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types
given a datetime object , return an associated iso - 8601 string
creates services and associates them with event _ id .
return available linode images .
formats a range header tuple per the http spec .
this is my version of urllib . urlencode .
for each backends , calls f with its tensors , and assert the results to be all close .
contact tracing controller
filter files greater than size
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
parameter _ list : parameter _ declaration
truncates potentially very long string to a fixed maximum length .
discover the entire test suite .
retrieve parsed config object .
convert spec into a string representation .
serialize a pvector or pset model to something
dumps a file content into log . info .
starts a jupyter notebook server at the beginning of a session , and closes at the end of a session .
get loops at empty z level .
adds paging to boto retrieval functions that support a marker this is configurable as not all boto functions seem to use the same name .
compress / base64 encode a string .
implements pbkdf2 as defined in rfc 2898 , section 5 . 2
configure network interface
yield random 12 - hex - digit unicodes .
returns a list of all defined environments .
returns any collection , in the following order of preference : - the default collection ; - the " session " collection ; - the first collection in the collections list .
add a query string plus extra parameters to a base url which may contain a query part already .
return true if ttype is a subtype of other .
read from a file if it has been modified .
convert an integer represented as a base 128 string into an l { int } or
create a new instance of w3afcore , save it to scans and run core . start ( )
a parametrized decorator to benchmark the test .
finds singularities for a function .
return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal .
safely remove the directory path .
encode message instance to protocol buffer .
this function validates trigger payload parameters for system and user - defined triggers .
gaussian kernel for continuous variables
print predefined icmptypes
trivial init method that just calls base classs _ _ init _ _ ( )
set of ops contained within the subgraph between i and o
list all the distributed virtual switches for this vmware environment
get names of defined fonts
scan the contents of a cache directory and return full path of the dynamic lib in it .
start notify server
returns if the program is executable
an iterator over the given futures that yields each as it completes .
check to see if an image is progressive .
wait for a machine to become accessible again .
expect a tuple .
removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
k - means clustering algorithm .
enable magnitude zero point units so they appear in results of ~ astropy . units . unitbase . find _ equivalent _ units and ~ astropy . units . unitbase . compose .
takes one karma away from a user
if you want to use a trained model , this is useful to compute the probabilities of new examples .
returns true if stmt in inside the else branch for a parent for stmt .
this method primarily exists so that south code can use it .
execute hiera and return the data
convert a path to its source directory form .
fetch all of the templates in the src directory
execute pep8 via python method calls .
compute the action of the matrix exponential at multiple time points .
tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the
check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
copy all data from the source stream into the destination stream in chunks of size chunk _ size
find n _ points regularly spaced along ar _ shape .
returns task status and result in json format .
waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it
conform a set of sparseseries to a common sparseindex corresponding to the locations where they all have data
returns the site for the current request if any .
split object id list into three lists with commit , tag , and other shas .
read all files inside fixture _ data directory .
backwards compatible alias for hdfstore
setup up remote to remote login in another server by using public key
returns the suffix used to select an appropriate linking rule depending on whether the manifest embedding is enabled .
disassociate an instance profile from an iam role .
provides exception logging via logger . exception for a given block of code .
delete a serving url created using get _ serving _ url - async version .
loads translations from csv files in a directory .
calculate the equalized lookup table .
list available record types for the given profile , e . g . a , aaaa
add lights from the main qwikswitch component .
register * cls * to be constructed when the oxml parser encounters an element with matching * tag * .
volunteer clusters controller
changes password on specified or current server .
return the clients preferred media - type .
insert some data into the database .
in the simulator , a context is always " available " , so this is a no - op .
a shorthand function to create elements with text .
draw randomly sampled indices .
ensure mathjax script is applied to rst and summaries are corrected if specified in user settings .
verify and truncate the provided password to the max _ password _ length .
decode html entities in text , coded as hex , decimal or named .
a simple wrapper around : func : rol , which negates the values of k .
view function for executing an arbitrary synchronously query .
returns the size of the next frame of data waiting to be read from socket , according to the protocol defined here : URL # / attach - to - a - container
compute luminance of an rgb image .
make a mac to send with cache poisoning reports for this page
returns the first position of subseq in the generator or - 1 if there is no such position .
pretty print cmds , ask if they should be run , and if so , runs them using _ call ( ) .
dump memory statistics .
register a set of configurations with the default config module .
same as controlb , but only scroll half a page .
simple caster thingy for trying to fish out at least ints & lists from strings
temporarily disconnect all listeners for a blinker signal .
returns the path from the toplevel _ dir to the build output directory .
get a key from the gpg keychain keyid
modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
add the given fake facility users to each of the given fake facilities .
ensures that the user group does not exist , eventually delete user group .
given a glance . domain . imagemember object , return a dictionary of relevant notification information .
this give admins the ability to unban a user .
call the django timesince filter , but return the string default * if * dt * is not a valid date or datetime object .
this download all files to the required folders
manipulates path and name of input filename
fetch and process device details for each file contained in filenames .
read a graph from jit json .
a dictionary - based collection type with arbitrary keying .
create a fake project to be overwritten in the according tests .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
reshape t by left - padding the shape with n _ ones 1s .
converts from one of the stata date formats to a type in type _ map
randomly or centrally crop an image .
parse authorization grant response uri into a dict .
test xunit output with no steps
a method nearly compatible with the stdlibs match _ hostname .
attach a json task custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
move pointer from one node to another node .
list the files that belong to a package , grouped by package .
return the network on which the bridge is attached , if found .
return count of export devices .
decorate a function that manipulates items in a coroutine to become a simple stage .
tests if there are translation files corresponding to the given
resize using python imaging library .
create a new connection object with the right adapter .
display the low state data from a specific sls or list of sls files on the master .
automatically try to discover flask apps files , return them as relative module paths .
returns the java version , or none if not installed
check whether the 2 given repos have different settings .
recursively include metrics from * value * .
start a network , connect it to root ns , and run sshd on all hosts .
detects what type of dom this node is and attempts to connect to the correct hypervisor via libvirt .
return the transifex resource name
multiply dense polynomials in k [ x ] .
return a url to the groups avatar .
check if user auth info has been set in environment variables .
estimate the diagonal covariance vectors .
removes mappings from quickstart - web . xml that come from webdefault . xml .
process the xml element condition .
recursively resolve : py : class : clearedvalue wrappers so that clearedvalue can only wrap values in dicts .
setup the nest sensor .
controller to extract tree map data
return the path to the site - packages directory of a virtualenv venv
creates a new " manager " instance at the module level .
return the number of unitary divisors of n .
returns a map of dbname to db instances to monitor .
return current site theme object .
force a servers administrative state to a new state .
decorator to run function at path .
get all passwords , from the nzb , meta and password file
read a single medline record from the handle .
get the circle nodes from every point on a loop and between points .
gets the list of properties for the collection of objects of the type specified .
extract new strings , and push to transifex
create a homomorphism object .
assert a few things about the result of l { eventasjson } , then return it .
returns the path to the local saves directory
preprocess text for encoder
create and start an ec2 instance .
make a string unicode if it isnt already .
returns a list of hosts associated with a given service instance .
returns the selected language catalog as a javascript library .
the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
embed canvas via qt designer
get the normalized average of the widdershins vectors .
degap a fasta aligment .
convert a null - terminated bytes object to a string .
return an in - memory workbook , suitable for a django response .
check that attribute name is private
function to check if opus lib is successfully loaded either via the ctypes . util . find _ library call of : func : load _ opus .
uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain , inner / outer skull , and skin .
bootstrap in production server
configures and runs the bookstore api server .
convenience function for selecting a device for a control surface to control .
decorator for views that require ownership status of a group .
list all detectable jobs and associated functions ext _ source
l { identitypumppolicy } is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as - is to the target .
return whether or not a file starts with a dot .
jump the vim cursor to its previous window position
subscribe a user to basket .
checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it .
helper function to get and check command line arguments
test that you cant add a duplicate file extension
make successive api calls , yielding cluster summaries .
verifies and returns valid task input dictionary .
find releases in history by show id and season .
verify that * cert * ( in decoded format as returned by
test cloning from git with https .
delete a group .
output database definition
validates that a string argument to a rpc method call is given , and matches the shell - safe regex , with an optional default value in case it does not exist .
returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model .
find the permutation from a to b
place an order by specified number of shares .
puts value into a list if its not already one .
get the argparse parser .
limit a gcode file .
helper function to transform the policy value into something that more closely matches how the policy is displayed in the gpedit gui
return an sqlalchemyu query for all changed package activities .
get transferred paths from inside nested rings .
get the profile model if present otherwise return none
apply @ qtwebengine _ * markers ; skip unittests with qute _ bdd _ webengine .
generate a sparse matrix of the given shape and density with randomly distributed values .
place the graph nodes at random places .
apply a diff to a file .
create a feat preprocessing workflow together with freesurfer
shows success message
output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names , followed by " . . .
instructs chocolatey to pull a full package list from the windows features list , via the deployment image servicing and management tool .
adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag .
load package into the local registered namespace .
creates a query to filter transactions based on filterform arguments
shift path fragments from path _ info to script _ name and vice versa .
get the benchmark name from its function object .
do the post request to mailchimp , return the mailchimp html result
runs eslint on static asset directories .
this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
release a previously created equalizer instance .
return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment
get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
compute the polynomial kernel between x and y : :
create and return an
returns a human - friendly string representing a file size that is 2 - 4 characters long .
returns a synchronized shared array
uses a variable length encoding scheme .
parse input arguments .
immediately shut down and delete specified server ( s ) .
evaluates the cdf of the standard normal distribution .
a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth _ strategy .
runn java path fix in windows
compute a half - open range [ lower , upper ) of byte offsets from the arrays data pointer , that bound the in - memory extent of the array .
read a module file and return a dictionary of classes .
iterate through the list of lt * objects and capture the text data contained in each object
returns default contact for the given doctype , name
verifies the data after the run
for each googledrive file in storedfilenode and trashedfilenode , add an extension to the path property if the file is a type of google doc .
return a groups revisions .
create topology from string with format .
return an ascii - only json representation of a python string
return bw usage for instance and mac in a given audit period .
returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
cache mechanism for imports .
returns list with version information summary .
get redis server configuration values
fetches a list of all extensions on server side
tries to find an element with given css selector with an explicit timeout .
imports the driver module specified by the given module name .
the number of combinations of n things taken k at a time .
get equated geometryoutput .
split each string in the series / index by the given delimiter string , starting at the end of the string and working to the front .
returns a urls domain , this method exists to encapsulate all url code into this file
extract the provider name from vm
collects all vdis and adds system vdis to the connected set .
weakrefs to struct objects are supported
return a path to the directory where system runners are stored .
try to identify a sound file type .
pretty - format a memcache . get ( ) request .
find and return the field with the provided name and type .
makes fasta string given header , seq , qual scores as integers
generate the keys to be used by libvirt hypervisors , this routine gens the keys and applies them to the pillar for the hypervisor minions
pre - process request to handle mass action form for events
returns a dictionary with k items : { : [ values ] , . . . } , with equal intervals between min = > max .
block while an action is being performed , periodically printing progress .
parse the adobe font metics file in file handle * fh * .
parse a packer serialized dictionary .
recursively generates terrain using diamond - square algorithm and stores the vertices in points
parse the lang line
open or create database at path given by * file * .
retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username
wait until an operation has completed .
return a table element based on specified parameters
like getattr but return default if none or false .
parse a nested sequence type .
return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
determines the fully - qualified python module name of a script on disk .
return physical memory usage
aborts a running job
create new virtual machine module : ansiblemodule object profitbricks : authenticated profitbricks object
convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
create private networks
path for block
get the session entity of the given session id .
helper to render a class name for active navigation items .
shuffle arrays or sparse matrices in a consistent way
runs gdb in batch mode with the additional arguments given by * args .
parse input arguments
start a defined domain
bounded range for the exponential function .
read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible
makes a test suite from doctests .
converts input phase difference map to rads
builds the vnc config spec .
returns a clip made of the current clip overlaid on a color clip of a possibly bigger size .
adds the client triple to clients .
setup the tellstick sensors .
unset the flavor extra spec keys .
enable or disable reuse layer name .
function to strip off pkcs7 padding .
returns an action callback that spawns a new interactive python shell .
return a time struct based on the input string and the format string .
generate a 3x3 cartesian rotation matrix in for rotation about a particular axis .
start the salt minion in a subprocess .
tests the arrowvisual when a transform is applied
determine if the provided value is a task module
delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
create new http client .
split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d _ tup = 1 / 2 * .
return whether the given id is a valid javascript identifier .
creates an auth string based on { username } : { token }
performs nearby search for places .
estimate distribution parameters with maximum product - of - spacings
handle a submission of passwordpageviewrestrictionform to grant view access over a subtree that is protected by a pageviewrestriction
uninstall a python implementation .
rename file / folder with retries for win32
view for the link in the verification email sent to a new user when they create an account and accounts _ verification _ required is set to true .
find all the ways to split f into a product of two terms .
fairly portable uname interface .
finish an action for an instance .
harvest uses lettuce _ test _ server specified in settings
nested document updates are merged with the original contents we dont overwrite the whole thing .
gets any number of latest posts and stores them in a varable .
logs a message at the given runlevel .
display the currently set network time server .
this decorator takes a function with keyword argument " mail _ client " and fills it in with the mail _ client for the mandrill account .
compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g .
open the database file , filename , and return corresponding object .
test if task result yields skipped
main function which initializes and starts the tornado server .
it should download dependencies
print unicode arguments safely by encoding them to preferred _ encoding
only load if the pygerduty module is available in _ _ salt _ _
internal method to retrieve a datastore connection local to the thread .
return a fresh instance of a shake256 object .
returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted .
compute an hmac - sha256 using given key and etag .
run one nagios plugin and return retcode of the execution
parse a response etag .
get lock path
test rectangular colorbar extensions .
on delete of the file object from the database , unlink the file from the file system
render given rdfvalue as plain old python objects .
return a unicode version of string decoded using the file system encoding .
parses a lookaround .
compute sign for label averaging .
copy blocks between two infinite levels by looping through the destinations chunks .
kill and restart the salt minion .
this function indents a text block with a default of four spaces .
return the image id from a given image ref
compile localizable strings from sources , extracting strings first .
load a feather - format object from the file path . .
return an open connection to the database .
verify that the correct versions of composer dependencies are present .
deletes the exploration with the given exploration _ id .
update second axis according with first axis .
translate a shell - like glob pattern to a regular expression ; return a string containing the regex .
parses a request body and returns fields and files
return the minimum spanning tree of an undirected graph g .
group add view
fetches the datetime the exploration was last rated by this user , or
make an attempt to determine if a pre - release version of nupic . bindings is installed already .
check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
helper method to write config _ file to disk and do request
plots the result of the analysis .
sends a message to the admins , as defined by the admins setting .
estimate power spectral density using welchs method .
customized assert with options to ignore the assert with just a warning
disables destructive action challenge for codelab .
create a colorbar for a scalarmappable instance .
used with salt - cp , pass the files dict , and the destination .
the main tcollector entry point and loop .
get new repository .
utility routine to turn values into codes given the specified categories
tests that the source string cannot be modified .
we need this here to run it from a thread .
returns true if there is injection data which sqlmap could use for technique specified
read a sequence of yaml documents back to a list of dictionaries with string keys .
construct an object holding binary data .
print out yaml using the block mode
convert an integer to hexadecimal in lower case .
boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot , qqplot , and probplot methods of the probplot class
poly risch differential equation - no cancellation : deg ( b ) small enough .
return the load data that marks a specified jid . .
a col attribute must be an integer type .
process a message dict and return a message object
this function is added in the list of templates context _ processors option , which is a django setting for a tuple of callables that take a request object as their argument and return a dictionary of items to be merged into the requestcontext .
implementation of the show _ user command .
wait for user input
wrapper for oob use
turn a datetime object into a formatted date .
reserve hosts for user
make a post request to an http server on the given host and port and assert that the response body matches the expected response .
convert a color in r , g , b to a color in h , s , l
send email with order invoice link after purchase
redirects to azure login page .
creates a ginterface class
generate a url for the specified static file .
chain two futures so that when one completes , so does the other .
creates a bootstrap script , which is like this script but with extend _ parser , adjust _ options , and after _ install hooks .
return the value of the prime counting function pi ( n ) = the number of prime numbers less than or equal to n .
set memory limit in bytes .
only work on posix - like systems
convert obj to 4 - element vector
check all files in the repository for cr characters
consumes one byte and returns int and remainder
arrange the given list of classes into a hierarchy of nested lists .
get event manager from media service discover object .
mark every test method of the class as skipped .
parse the xconfig line
imports and configures django .
constructs and sends a : class : request .
build a tree of default values
helper to determine the number of valid samples .
return the swisscom device scanner .
grant access via form authentication
return a list of tuples ( indicating which flags should be displayed for a particular add - on .
create ha2 md5 hash
create theano tensor of approximate elbo by monte carlo sampling .
validate a mac address
returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
url encode a dict / multidict .
used by s3 . supply . js
returns a string , specified by format string , of the current date / time of the time zone .
capture the output of sys . stdout : with captured _ stdout ( ) as s : print " hello " self . assertequal ( s . getvalue ( ) , " hello " )
returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
return the load data that marks a specified jid
return discrete colors from a matplotlib palette .
return a valid semver version string for the currently running stackstorm version .
the true q - values , given a model and a policy .
formats a datetime . date or datetime . datetime object using a localizable format
scans the database for null instance _ uuid records for processing .
concatenates several video clips
demonstrates using the pager .
restful crud controller
remove directory and all its contents , but only after user confirmation , or if the - y option is set
generic mode setting function
simplify expression by recursively evaluating the quantity arguments .
get the close to center paths , starting with the first and an additional opposite if it exists .
returns the object pointed to by ref .
return a polynomial of degree n with coefficients in [ inf , sup ] .
generate llvm ir for a for - loop in [ start , count ) .
require a mysql database .
decorator to add attributes to a function .
retrieves sort keys / directions parameters .
break mpi ties by using the variable tag - prefer lower tags first .
return true if text is a host domain name .
return the iterable of dicts needed to draw the overview table .
strip the schema and host : port from a docker repository name .
this returns the snippet of html to be rendered on the syllabus page , given the key for the section .
append a domain to the existing id if it doesnt already exist
compute the shape index .
direct _ abstract _ declarator : lbracket constant _ expression _ opt rbracket
redefine a function under a different globals ( ) namespace scope preserve _ context :
used to get a single file from a url .
get median value of list alist
print summary failure report .
list networks on a wireless interface
returns the group controller associated with the given group type .
produces a brief summary line describing a set of items .
decorator for converting ansi in input
return the string with any invalid xml characters removed .
create an initial commit .
two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
a generator function for listing keys in a bucket .
read a noise covariance from a fif file .
wraps paragraphs instead .
rotate image 180 degrees
converts a module namespace to a python dictionary .
gets the final num _ words words from before .
delete / unset a configuration option .
displays the graph layout of the pipeline
merge two dasks together , combining equivalent tasks .
connect two protocols using endpoints and a new reactor instance .
upgrading from distribute 0 . 6 to setuptools 0 . 7 + directly is not supported .
create a file with the specified name and write contents to it .
inverse hyperbolic cosecant
retrieve an instance of a running session
this decorator activates commit on response .
find a matching element in a list .
a view that can returns an html representation .
attempt to resolve a missing reference via intersphinx references .
helper function creates a single " foo " assembly .
returns the sentence subjectivity between 0 . 0 and 1 . 0 .
return all attributes of * o * which match string in match .
delete a repo from / etc / opkg / * . conf
find the euler - lagrange equations [ 1 ] _ for a given lagrangian .
return a module index page retrieved from cms - or run an alternate function if not found
merges kwarg dictionaries .
redirect user after successful sign in .
make a sequential palette that blends from dark to color .
helper method for creating a voucher
return a dict from config whether it is a dict , file , or filename .
lstdq is like lstd , but with features replicated once for each possible action .
eliminate stimulations artifacts from instance .
provision flocker on a node using the default user .
construct an xml - safe attribute string from the given attributes " attrs " is a dictionary of attributes
retrieves the list of ca certs from the os .
helper for _ match _ div _ rewrite .
validate a cookie domain ascii string
format given number as percent in en - us locale .
returns the first command found in a list of commands
get a dict structure mirroring what the frontend javascript would submit .
get the subfolder in the directory with the basename .
find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation .
convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime .
start a local rabbitmq server .
perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
call this if you want to be sure your text wont be interpreted as markdown
directory tree walk with callback function .
given a destructured rawrunnable , run it .
allocate an uninitialized boolean result slot .
fast fastq to simple tabbed conversion .
create a container
return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration .
return the strong generators for dummy indices
return an iterator over pairs present in the pairs input .
get new derivation .
compiles a regular expression to a patternobject .
common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages .
verify that the certificate has not expired .
convert classified text to an html fragment
extract a timestamp from the given nonce string
check if a labeled polynomial is redundant by checking if its signature and number imply rewritability or comparability .
remove all the sub - directories of base _ dir , but those listed
return the logo used for footer about link
add cronjob for bench backups
get the list of users that belong to the organization .
returns the hashed and encrypted hexdigest of a plaintext and salt
builds the 8x8 resnet block .
split a filename into parts : path , base filename and extension .
this code looks for the current window , and determines if it can be imported .
a demonstration showing the creation of a dependencygrammar in which a specific number of modifiers is listed for a given head .
read channel selection from file .
jitter a gcode linear move text .
return a sqlalchemy session .
construct the graph of a tree expression .
visit the given expression structure using the given iterator of objects .
escape html characters in data .
delete a user .
restart cgconfig service
create a spreadsheet - style pivot table as a dataframe .
implementation of the shortest augmenting path algorithm .
deletes all item of a resource .
check that an entry exists in the specified set .
ensure that a pagerduty schedule exists .
sets the urlconf for the current thread .
given a slice , compute the number of indices it spans , i . e . the number of iterations that for _ range _ slice ( ) will execute .
format a trace as a visual indication of the messages propagation through various observers .
get local time zone name .
parse and validate a format specifier .
check for glob or regexp patterns for include _ pat and exclude _ pat in the path _ str string and return true / false conditions as follows .
greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
delete an image given its object id .
return a colormap similar to that used by mne _ analyze .
opens and reads a file , returning the contents of the file .
calculate the percentage match for two db records
test that moto set the correct default arguments
validate that the ip address is on the subnet .
restful crud controller
add a method to the target class
update the end time for a given job
projects v onto w and subtracts the result from v
python function decorator for login procedures , to allow direct login based on existing externalauth record and mit ssl certificate .
return a dictionary mapping extension option names to converted values .
return columns based on filters
uninstall the specified zone from the system .
generates a prototype for the routines that return a a sized string .
runs and returns the version output for a command
a helper for defining boolean options .
sums the dictionaries entrywise .
check if a task conflicts with items or albums already imported and ask the session to resolve this .
retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name .
collects and dumps stats from a postgresql server .
escape strings for use in urls .
renders a template from the template folder with the given context .
retrieves site record from ee databse
restful crud controller
restores filters previously backed up .
return the books matching the specified search query .
return data to render the item dashboard
compute the : abbr : dvars [ power2012 ] _ .
add a - - all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators
the information needed to join between model fields is something that is invariant over the life of the model , so we cache it in the models options class , rather than recomputing it all the time .
check a cors preflight request and return a valid response
creates new activities after a map , layer , or comment is created / updated / deleted .
essentially floyd - warshall algorithm
a decorator which returns none if its input is empty else fn ( x ) .
saves the current filter list to backup storage .
return what codeintel considers a canonical version of the given path .
check that mutable object isnt used as default argument
runs the given command in an environment , where the syslog _ ng _ sbin _ dir is added then removed from the path .
renders an alert if the form has any errors .
run conda command ,
true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further .
transform shape scale for peak over threshold y = x - u | x > u ~ gpd if x ~ gpd notation of de zea bermudez , kotz k , sigma is shape , scale
get instance type by id .
returns the icon for a particular view type .
check if a file already exists .
get a cluster that matches the criteria .
a variable load expression .
return a display name if set , else the username .
fixture that when called will return a mock instance of a qkeyevent .
decorator to log the inputs and outputs of functions , as well as the time taken to run the function .
construct and return an authenticated githubenterprise session .
convenience function to add parent nodes to other nodes in the database .
delete a metadef tag
returns a concise summary of an alignment object as a string
unpublicizes an exploration .
return peer status information
returns the indefinite article for a given word .
tries to convert a free - form bps string into a bitrate .
wrapper around inspect . getsource
return true if the given port is available for use .
disassociate all entities associated with specified qos specs .
return an : class : . alias object derived from a : class : . select .
convert any value to simplified collections and basic types .
turn on / off the traceability .
reverse a tensor along the the specified axes # returns
return a default component .
returns the unique device id , for example , the imei for gsm and the meid or esn for cdma phones .
returns a manager associated with a running server process
help eeg readers to add montage .
restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here
given an object , if that object is a type , return a new , blank instance of that type which has not had c { _ _ init _ _ } called on it .
geiven a list of of each boxes , calculate the total width and the x - offset positions of each items according to mode * .
returns a list of actors that the user identified by user _ id is following .
correction factor for variance with unequal sample sizes this is just a harmonic mean
send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm
return fixed source code .
get serials from files in from android backup . ab backup . ab can be get using adb command : shell > adb backup com . amazon . kindle or from individual files if theyre passed .
fetches url of the different type of api from base api
product details page
transpose collected data , average it , stomp it in dict using header
parse the script command line inputs
return a dataset matching a name from the list of precreated datasets .
delete a thread .
retrieve sid from token
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
make requirement importable .
backport of os . walk from 2 . 6 , where the * followlinks * argument was added .
return false if any file path in folder exceeds the windows maximum
returns the monitoring records for a given virtual machine .
check if a download from url _ key is in the cache .
send an e - mail about an api token update .
return true if the named service is available .
get visible chains formatted for the path viewer .
estimate rank for m / eeg data .
return the configuration read from the master configuration file or directory
fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils .
numerically more stable variance computation .
returns a modified update dictionary including nesterov momentum
modify one or more values for a repo .
always return a native path , that is unicode on python 3 and bytestring on
create an internet gateway , optionally attaching it to an existing vpc .
returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled .
declare interfaces declared directly for an object
strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results .
chops the first part of a / - separated path and returns a tuple of the first part and the tail .
perform some checks on the video .
get the info structure for a container , based on env and app .
test whether functions f and g are identical or have the same name
constructs prefix notification with data from given outgoing message .
helper function to add timezone information to datetime , so that datetime is comparable to other datetime objects in recent versions that now also have timezone information .
remove all sessions last modified before max _ date .
allow a user to capture just the queries executed during the with statement .
revoke cluster administration privileges from a user .
use sqlalchemy reflect to check table existences .
stub out gevent calls that take timeouts to wait briefly .
escape a unicode string in an oauth - compatible fashion .
for resetting a users password .
crack open the receipt , without checking that the crypto is valid .
configure the server and the reporting thread .
return the script deployment object
make sure the configs are consistent before starting the scheduler
get the topic to use for a message .
make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf .
persist a user id and a backend in the request .
get all eips associated with the current credentials .
imports the available module to parse the arguments and return the parsed arguments .
a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . py module .
helper function for executing a single batch - command entry
get all rules that grant access to the given security group .
enable or disable an objects inheritance .
returns random funfact or none .
returns the traceback of the exception
returns a rating body with translated fields attached .
show details for a background job .
check the given path , printing out any warnings detected .
construct a 2 - class dataset out of noisy sines
get the name of a container into which a misplaced object should be enqueued .
helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
poly risch differential equation - no cancellation : deg ( b ) large enough .
itemtype delete page
cache global or shop specific configuration .
creates a logical port on the assigned logical router
read info dict and cover from a pdf file named src . pdf in outputdir .
returns an unused port on localhost on ipv6 .
do not produce empty tokens .
unpacks 1 to 4 byte integers .
returns true if input is related to the time .
test generation of sparse source estimate
reorder item if stock reaches reorder level
return line stripped of trailing spaces , tabs , newlines .
write bootsrap support data to 3 files in output _ dir assumes input master tree has unique node names writes that tree to file using newick format , along with a tab delimited text file listing the bootstrap support of each internal node in that tree .
the protocol modules must be imported to get them registered in
write a cache time .
given a token ( assumed to be a string of csrf _ allowed _ chars , of length
register an arcgis rest service url
generate the execution package from the saltenv file refs and a low state data structure
return a list of specialized types in their declared order .
get intersections betweens the loops lists .
fill missing funcargs for a test function .
add version to category / package
validate that the header contains valid account or container name .
install the passed package .
sends a message to the managers , as defined by the managers setting .
configure bgp on device .
compute the convex hull image of a binary image .
attempt to import qt , given a preference list of permissible bindings
try to determine the current system users username to use as a default .
reduces a tree of folders and files into a list of pairs
migrate any settings we want in the database from the settings file .
sets an in - memory cache value
save the load to the specified jid
decorator that will schedule the call of the function for the next available frame in the mainthread .
creates a new set - cookie header without the set - cookie prefix
generate a list of random uuids
choose a hostname from the provided hostnames
given a command name and an application name , returns the command class instance .
prints given string to stderr .
get the winding craft sequence .
this should be fired when release _ id is created , and will indicate to the system that any pending resolutions older than the given release can now be safely transitioned to resolved .
clears a previously set field override for the ccx .
actions to be performed after logout
get model outputs for displaying .
run the mongo shell for the osf database .
return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance
moves a file from one location to another in the safest way possible .
sign a url by appending & _ signature = xxxxx to given params .
collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api .
extracts rar files
a nicer formatting for static analysis tests .
restore the episodes of a failed download to their original state
return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
import modules from plugins package and return the list
return lines split by newline .
format the exception part of a traceback .
returns the http requests path _ info as a unicode string .
returns a dimension point path from string .
write out configuration options to a file .
returns information about the requested domain returns a dictionary of information about the domain _ name domain _ name string domain name to get information about
get the path for the migrate repository .
return an int representing the amount of memory that has not been given to virtual machines on this node
get the lines of a remote file , ignoring empty or commented ones
plot a line with segments .
get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . exe .
get the gcode files in the directory the file is in if directory setting is true .
used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
ask for a filename to open
return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints
generate the glsl code needed to retrieve fake uniform values from a texture .
try to fetch the group named grp _ name from the file f .
job to cleanup unused query results - - such that no query links to them anymore , and older than settings . query _ results _ max _ age .
handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object .
iterate over fields .
return the given template string rendered using the given context .
include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
display the login form
places all nodes on a single circle .
generate the source code for the ansible modules
check if the given host is on the adblock whitelist .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ integrate _ in .
returns the approximate k - component structure of a graph g .
associate a project with a network .
checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter .
checks if two urls are same - origin
return true if the minion matches the given pillar _ pcre target .
peer _ info _ dicts is a peer _ info dictionary from libtorrentdownloadimpl . create _ peerlist _ data purpose : where we want to measure a swarms health but no tracker can be contacted
sync pillar modules from salt : / / _ pillar to the master saltenv : base
compute the best - fitting linear parameters .
add groove on each side of cage .
load current redirect to context .
restful crud controller
run pylint on system code .
join a base url and a possibly relative url to form an absolute interpretation of the latter .
defines whether or not the analytics dashboard url should be displayed .
return valid status
checks whether the sourceranges of two results match
determine whether there is a pending domain join action that requires a reboot .
given two numeric types , return the narrowest type encompassing both of them .
splits tokens by commas .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
given a list x a sample of length n of that list is returned .
atom : name
split string into list of strings by specified number .
pick the right stream type based on env and args .
decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it .
return stack size in bytes .
delete virtual interface by id .
setup polling manager according to yaml config file .
outputs the contents of the block if the two arguments equal each other .
purge some stacks and their releated events , raw _ templates , etc .
bootstraps a frontend distribution .
convert a yielded object into a . future .
logs tracking information for events occuring within celery tasks .
removes shell metacharacters from a string .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified user .
gray - level " camera " image .
split filing system name and drive specifier from rest of path .
create a new ccx
check to make sure the default color matches the input color
request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task .
returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code .
renderscene - the opengl commands to render our scene .
escape a string to protect certain characters .
create a cluster from the values dictionary .
generate the gallery restructuredtext for an example directory
return the stats sorted by
this function constructs an object capable of holding a binary string value .
try replace decorated function by module . function .
revoke access from user to course modification .
returns a list of paths relative to basedir .
make a virtualenv
create an ir module defining the llvm nrt functions .
given a request will parse the body and return a list of dictionaries
get the traceback where the python object * obj * was allocated .
inject names into the doctest namespace .
decipher whether layer attribute is suitable for statistical derivation
attach a private projects counter to each object of the queryset .
process documentation and write fathead file .
return a function wrapper .
create a read - write memory mapped region on file f .
collect modified files and filter those that need linting .
a safe version of assert
create a quota for the given project and resource .
given a value , return the protobuf attribute name and proper value .
get custom varialbe from a service or a host
truncates text to a maximum number of characters .
suboptimal - but - better - than - nothing way to replace accented latin letters by an ascii equivalent .
reverses direction of dependence dict .
makes a histogram from an unsorted sequence of values .
adds headers to a response to indicate that a page should never be cached .
center and normalize image points .
rollback from a failed upgrade - assumes that backup ( ) was run before the upgrade !
trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
show all users for this company .
test mne with precomputed inverse operator on raw .
defines a dependency for and then includes a uniquely identified hug api for a single test case
fixture for an httpbin object which ensures clean setup / teardown .
mask the quoted strings so we skip braces inside quoted strings .
runs the command , while logging the output .
except hook used to log unhandled exceptions to fail2ban log
run the classifier if no prediction has been made yet .
return true if the url is a safe redirection .
retrieves all volumes .
implementation of the update _ user command .
gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
check if the file exists on the datastore .
validate if uri of external location are supported .
store the current model to disk .
scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match
returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one , otherwise returns an empty string .
makes a pmf from an unsorted sequence of values .
will copy desired headers from src to dest .
remove non release groups from name
get all the data files that should be included in this distutils project .
determine if plural should be used .
notify fault manager that resource has been repaired fmri : string fmri
read the logging configuration from a configparser - format file .
send test message to email
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
return quaternion from rotation matrix .
returns a matrix of ones with r rows and c columns ; if c is omitted a square matrix will be returned .
returns a error message from a snapper dbusexception
returns the url of a backend [ instance ] in devappserver2 .
formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
wrapper around bleach . linkify : uses get _ outgoing _ url .
get status from mon deamon
returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list .
performs deseq2vs normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices
expand ipv6 address .
special function for debug output
convert binary string in hexadecimal .
return position formatted as line / column .
return an errorlog , with fields , where the logger appends a tuple to the errors on every call .
solves the discrete lyapunov equation : math : axa ^ h - x + q = 0 .
return timeline for attendance
send signal only to those receivers registered for exact message sendexact allows for avoiding any / anonymous registered handlers , sending only to those receivers explicitly registered for a particular signal on a particular sender .
generates the aws canonical string for the given parameters
opens a browser and displays online documentation
raises invalid if the given group _ id does not exist in the model given in the context , otherwise returns the given group _ id .
shutdown a running system .
restful crud controller
remove certificate invalidation from db and start certificate generation task for this student .
for a given backend , return the top choice of language
if youre on the " learn " page with video content , wait until the video player is " ready " .
group a list into batches of size batch _ size .
sort an iterable .
transforms a numpy array into serialized form .
sets a registry value entry or the default value for a key .
checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror
generate a git tree object from tuples .
returns any vpc peering connection id ( s ) for the given vpc peering connection name .
trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n .
check player exefile exists and get mpv version .
keep num _ of _ items _ to _ keep newly modified items besides excludes in root _ dir then remove the rest .
a dynamic search for param values .
get logger by name .
create the rule to match for sub - attribute policy checks .
create a gceblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
import content from fpath and return a python ast .
parse through codes array and generate a csv file .
return the distances between the adjacent sample _ ids as a list dist _ matrix _ header : distance matrix headers , e . g . the output of qiime . parse . parse _ distmat dist _ matrix : distance matrix , e . g . , the output of qiime . parse . parse _ distmat sample _ ids : a list of sample ids strict : boolean indicating whether to raise valueerror if a sample _ id is not in dm
check whether an object has the methods required by sklearn .
returns if the object is a span query
plucks an element or several elements from each item in a sequence .
open the given filename and return the workbook
decide which desktop should be used , based on the detected desktop and a supplied desktop argument .
make a tabular model where n _ inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup _ table .
for post mortem exception handling , print a banner and enable post mortem debugging .
returns the rich - club coefficient of the graph g .
runs the string command , returns any output .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
creates a zero - filled : class : cupy . ndarray object like the given array .
return iterable items from a dict .
return the class specified by the string .
update apt package definitions .
transform a legacy list of block devices to the new data format .
estimate spectral norm of a matrix by the randomized power method .
translation _ unit : external _ declaration
check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package
controller to manage the first phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv
unconditionally skip a test .
finish an event on an instance action .
start containers in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted start all containers path
convert a series object to a native structure .
returns a list of the create table sql statements for the given app .
get a babel locale based on the threads locale context .
scan and parse name for : py : func : time . strftime strings , replacing them with the associated value when found , but otherwise returning lowercase values , as uppercase snapshot names are not allowed .
return true if source exists and is more recently modified than target , or if source exists and target doesnt .
set up & run a publisher , and return a dictionary of document parts .
returns the expired status , invalid status , and user of a login token .
return the first configured instance .
strip and filter out none and none from strings
called when an old lease is recognized .
given an input string , returns a dictionary of html document parts .
perform a hinfo record lookup .
query the projects . monitoredresourcedescriptors . list api method .
get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time .
convert unicode to utf - 8 .
extract numbering from list element attributes
looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata .
let the user view various parts of a given message .
convert a matplotlib date to a julian date .
partition - wise bag zip
lower - case all attribute names of the provided beautifulsoup tag .
setup virtual environment
return time between each call like so : tick = delta _ t ( ) def get _ dt ( ) : return next print get _ dt ( ) sleep ( 1 ) print get _ dt ( )
helper function for printing out debugging output .
given a reference to the pdb module , fix its set _ trace function .
evaluates an expression .
return facts which begin with " openshift _ " and translate legacy facts to their openshift _ env counterparts .
returns the common ancestor of both synsets .
attempt to import a class from a string representation .
bg color must be an html color , with an option leading # returns an 3 - tuple
place a database under migration control and upgrade .
common functionality for getting information from a container
guess which db package to use to open a db file .
returns the id of the current instance .
converts the declaration into a nested list .
print summarized load - testing results .
returns an appropriate script , based on settings , according to theme _ settings definition to be used by theme _ settings and theme _ create .
wait for the snapshot to be created
truncates html to a certain number of words .
checks if a file is a python file and is not ignored .
return full w3c names from http status codes .
copy data from src to dst
search for assignment of the documentation and examples variables in the given file .
ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts .
updates the ports tree , either the default or the ports _ tree specified
user _ input is json generated by vsepr . js from dictionary .
load _ mappings issues a warning if new - style mapping identifiers are not alphanumeric
activate or deactivate a waffle switch .
depreciated function name left in for compatibility
restart the specified jail or all , if none specified
returns whether the agreement box should be displayed or not .
if a bot sends a message to a stream that doesnt exist or has no subscribers , sends a notification to the bot owner so that the owner can correct the issue .
returns a boolean reflecting a human - entered string .
calculates the linear weighted kappa linear _ weighted _ kappa calculates the linear weighted kappa value , which is a measure of inter - rater agreement between two raters that provide discrete numeric ratings .
convert the coil trans .
convert a git config string into a python value
convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
load config file order : env , cwd , home , / etc / ansible
deadlockwrap - automatically retries function in case of a database deadlock .
get the cython cache dir
receive a file descriptor from a l { sendmsg } message on the given c { af _ unix } socket .
calls each element of sequence to invoke the side effect .
run a command .
augment @ options with defined values in @ subset options - - a class with public attributes .
read config file and return list of options
confirms the specified user
return a list of meters by project .
execute a runner async :
clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation
run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed / added .
dump parquet file with given filename using options to out .
create a connection to the daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
return this platforms string for platform - specific distributions
get all volume services sorted by volume count .
check if a url has an explicit scheme given .
removes a folder from the filesystem
create a vboxlayout with the specified sizes and items
manages the configuration of the users on the device , as specified in the state sls file .
return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp .
a wrapper around the actual upload view function to clean up the temporary file afterwards if it fails .
fixes issue # 1240 : nans cant be properly compared , so change them to the smallest value of scoress dtype .
kludge a pixmap together
cast or dispel spells .
returns a string identifying the python implementation branch .
return true if the media type is a valid form media type .
evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators .
returns a list with start and end of the range
parse an xml readable object .
create a new block cipher , configured in
only return if all the modules are available
fix the sys . path to include our extra paths .
query | reclass | for the top data .
check guid models for conflicts , then migrate records that are not in conflict .
returns the country calling code for a specific region .
convenience function for quickly getting a control connection .
extract information from step syslog ( see : py : func : _ parse _ step _ log ( ) ) , which may be split into several chunks by timestamp
computes the interquartile of a sequence .
loads minion modules from an environment so that they can be used in pillars for that environment
check if passed password is the one assigned to user . .
fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml
assign status data to a dict
before _ request handler that checks the referer header to see if the user is requesting from a view - only link .
determines if source _ refs contains a valid list of source references .
version of urlresolvers . reverse that also manages get parameters .
developer toolbar - ported from gluon . response . toolbar ( )
copies either a django application layout template or a django project layout template into the specified directory .
this decorator activates commit on response .
test wether or not path is absolute url .
make buttons passed in all have the same width .
change package state on the opkg database
return details about all elasticache cache clusters .
asks for users response whether to run a step .
enumerates partitions of a multiset .
escape special html characters .
byte scales an array .
create a new salsa20 cipher
report invalid arguments and usage .
return a dict of valid kwargs for f from a subset of kwargs
opens all images in an image viewer .
sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge
check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision .
load resources from the plugin zip file
converts an integer to its textual representation , using the language set in the context if any .
find k eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the real symmetric square matrix or complex hermitian matrix a .
restful crud controller for gps track points
discover the locations of three configuration components :
transform header of split _ libraries . py for submission .
creates directory with freshly generated : ca - cart . pem , ca - key . pem , server - cert . pem , server - key . pem ,
context manager for temporary enabling cache > > > with requests _ cache . enabled ( ) : . . .
test bucket name
draw networkx graph with shell layout .
returns last non - none element in the list , or none if all are none
computation graph for encoder , given pre - trained word embeddings
given an exception message string , uses new - style formatting arguments { filename } , { lineno } , { func } and / or { text } to fill in information about the exception that occurred .
rename a playlist by id .
checks if this implementation is cpython .
convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name
the replace patch operation on a model resource
multiply the fill file or text .
product index page
if we dont use the argmax , change it to a max only .
print a log message to standard error .
fix some stuff in all makefiles
returns a list of - tuples from the given string .
returns a list of queries from the given file .
get z component cross product of a pair of complexes .
wrap a cmd for job submission
context manager to change a field value on an object temporarily .
returns the circuit with real indices .
create a new instance fault .
watch the configured files
returns int dimension if known at a graph build time else a tensor .
disconnect signal from all slots
convert a uid to a user name uid uid to convert to a username
manually geocode locations
list all of the available data bundles .
return a : class : callable object that will calculate outputs from inputs .
baby - step giant - step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n .
chooses an option within a select by text .
view to handle email submission for first - time oauth - login user .
download a kml file - will normally be done asynchronously if there is a worker alive
maximum absolute error
get extent of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
a factory for decorators that restrict term methods to only be callable on
decode a datetimefield parameter from a string to a python datetime .
return true if episode _ id is part of show with series _ id , else return false
retrieve the authorized _ keys entry for root .
takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more " human - readable " format .
gets the course summary data from the course blocks api and returns a list of data objects summarizing each courses xblock usage
performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances
append query arguments to a http ( s ) url .
get a list of episodes that we want to download
listen for browse _ url events .
copies a matchscorer to a search _ service _ pb . scorerspec .
render an xrds page with the specified type uris and endpoint
create new task id
rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems .
replacement for cinder . volume . api . api . get _ manageable _ snapshots .
build a namespace map for an admx element
modify 4096 units at a time
generate a 3d scatterplot figure and optionally give it a title .
forces header keys and values to be strings , i . e not unicode .
print a single vector succinctly .
validate model metadata .
return a cached copy of blog entries that weve fetched .
convert windows paths in dos format to long format .
takes a string representing a name and returns a nameresult breaking that string into its component parts , as defined in the latex book and bibtexing .
sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime
return the first key
return the url for a section in the instructor dashboard .
converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks ( ) .
parse the results from the other methods .
function accessed by ajax to handle a series of posts
use this decorator to expose actions
query opengeoportals solr instance for layers .
define java _ jar target .
helper function which provides the signature l { serverfactory } should provide .
make two interleaving half circles
multivariate normal cumulative distribution function
delete an entry from the specified set .
return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion
p - value correction with bonferroni method .
performs scaler matrix multiplication one row at at time .
check for the existence of a key .
return the dyadic completion of w .
replace all occurences of string with a different string , return updated document
test estimation from raw with regularization .
convert absolute path to file uri .
return a driver function that can advance a " bounced " sequence of values .
compute the map construction products .
generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed .
determine if powershell is available .
perform an aaaa record lookup .
return simplified e using fu - like transformations .
set whether the date is visible in the clock
imports should usually be on separate lines .
populate table with n records .
updates a subnet
g test for independence in a 2 x 2 table .
create a base class with a metaclass .
given selection rect return the corresponding rectangle in the underlying image as left , top , width , height
create a new figure manager instance
expose this function via the api .
print layerindex followed by a carriage return .
create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b .
return the minions public key fingerprint hash _ type
the equations of this type of ode are .
returns odf representation of dataset .
download bilingual text dataset for machine translation example .
clean up resoruces in use by implementation .
find out what items are documented in the given lines
declare that package packagename is a namespace package
build docs with sphinx - build
send information to catalogue
prints the usage of this script .
sends a notification data and authentication to wns .
deserialize a stream or string of json data .
indicates if the request context is an administrator .
normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys .
true if the type is a singleton .
create a finite random variable representing a bernoulli process .
return a randrange generator .
clean the given html .
normal meta - fields added to every table
register all services for harmony devices .
create a regex from a space - separated list of literal choices .
returns a dict containing details of a all certificates matching a glob glob _ path :
read in the entire contents of a file , return as a string .
data - > gzip encoded data
return current repository heads , which are changesets with no child changesets .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
enable / disable subtitle searcher
this tixscrolledlistbox is configured so that it uses scrollbars only when it is necessary .
checks if a cluster admin or database user exists .
reduces expression by using known trig identities
run some commands on a remote host .
a little helper to guarantee ip being an ipaddr instance
only return if all the modules are available
add a rate - limiting rule to the ratelimiter
restful crud controller
get path to standard mne - python config file .
executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
get required packages from a setup . py file .
return dict of rendering create ccx form .
verify that a string is a valid path , make it absolute .
start a machine .
moving average convergence / divergence fix 12 / 26
responds to user - input , typically speech text , by listing the users
create a resource _ type , raise if it already exists .
install python package ( s ) using pip _ .
main entry point for module execution
configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow .
prints events to the console and blocks until a final stats ansible event is read off of sqs .
create authors file using git commits .
return the os x system version as a string
get an instance of the xmodule class identified by location , setting the state based on an existing studentmodule , or creating one if none exists .
compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y : :
legalize names in the variable list for use as a python functions parameter names .
a locked topic by a user with normal permissions .
entry point for sphinx extension .
return object address as a string :
detach the process context from parent and session .
check existence of color - scheme
make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height
test user install from wheel
find issues by state and keyword . .
checks c + + compiler option version against versioneer version
lists all subscriptions for a given topic .
return the content of a package resource installed inside a virtualenv . .
syncs all repos that are configured to be synced .
get the name of the op that created a tensor .
check if a binary is available and on the user path
get transformed paths by key .
remove all source space points closer than a given limit .
instructs chocolatey to install a windows feature via the deployment image
yields unique set of issues given a list of issues .
check for explicit import of the _ function
push a static value onto the current block stack .
copy a file or directory from source to dst
restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a menu
converts to a string for printing debug messages .
get the downloader class that can handle the info dict .
get an the location and units to use
creates the directory path unless it already exists
compute shortest path between source and all other reachable nodes for a weighted graph .
shortcut to render an on class .
get the ancestor paths of the ancestor ous this person entity is affiliated with , sorted by roles .
check for a launch configurations existence .
computes muticlass classification accuracy of the minibatch .
list the packages currently installed in a dict : :
the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess .
computes standard deviation of a list of numbers .
returns the render modules
the synset key is the unique name of the synset , this can be retrived via synset . name ( )
back slashes need to be escaped in item args , even in windows paths .
basic networking setup goes here .
return disk usage for the results directory .
marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
return the client object and session key for the client
generates the the key to be stored in configuration for a given view
return the directory containing qiime scripts .
try to guees the kubemaster url from environ , then from / etc / kubernetes / config file
creates and returns model instance according to self . clean _ data .
save the web form
a view redirecting to the real file serving view of the attachments app .
warn if dependencies arent met .
replace parameters with a single shared variable .
get all pages .
get a namespace by name , raise if not found
return the authorized keys for users
convert an array of shape into an array of shape .
decode a slice object as sent to _ _ getitem _ _ .
calculate expected value of function by monte carlo integration
create a new list
parse a template and then normalize the resulting expression .
sets groups for a user , will purge groups not explicitly passed , while retaining pre - existing groups that also are in the new list .
converts a vector to a map of variable id to value .
setup the wink binary sensor platform .
given a sequence of revision objects , returns a dict matching their pks with the number of users google analytics thinks has visited each revision since they were created .
solves 1st order exact ordinary differential equations .
assignment failure section 9 . 1 . 4
clean up the metric module .
overrides the flask - security / flask - mail integration to send emails out via boto and ses .
open a hnadle to scop , returns an undohandle
convert value returned by method on self to traditional style .
convert size string into a reportlab pagesize .
set the group module if the kernel is windows
handler for qute : bookmarks .
construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes .
verify new threads created during python are background threads
this takes a list of the worst images from plot _ bad _ images and turns them into a figure .
return score at percentile for each point in time
load if the module firewall is loaded
get the fully qualified name of an object .
parses tag input , with multiple word input being activated and delineated by commas and double quotes .
get a mapping of provide specs to their loaded objects ( ) .
given image properties , find and return matching ami ids
compose a new message
list all the monitors .
for each linter , lints the provided file or directory .
delete pending theme from filesystem .
delete a single vm
return flattened resource metadata .
creates a http server listening on a given host and port .
create a com object that can fire events to a user defined class .
a graph node primarily for annotating - vectorizehelper looks out for these guys , and optimizes subgraphs of the form : hyperopt _ param ( )
returns the number of processors on this machine .
lookup and return privacy policies page url
get the area of a complex polygon using URL
generates a flat , disk - shaped structuring element .
helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request .
internal parsing method .
issues a command in a subprocess , blocking until completion and returning the results .
returns python array from js array
function to send the alarm message
this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . reboot .
restrict input type to the positive integers
redirects user to bug tracker issue page .
set the value of a hash field .
set the name of the chassis .
does the main work of indenting the input based on the brace counts .
article generator connector for the libravatar plugin
create a new monitor if a monitor of this type and name does not already exists .
register a custom function to determine if extension is supported .
check that the admins dependencies are correctly installed .
run the given summary script on every file in the given directory .
detects if the data given might have been encoded with the blocking mode of the xerial snappy library .
registers new domains to be used during the current client run .
adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object .
setup the influxdb component .
dedent a docstring
return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
returns the mode ( s ) of an array .
test whether x * y , x , or y terms are present in the equation after transforming the equation using the transformation returned by transformation _ to _ pell ( ) .
get all administration metadata for a volume .
convert mpl plots to locally hosted html documents .
signal to ensure that every created resource is assigned to the current site and to the master site
powers down the managed server .
in the case you dont even have wget . . .
munging to turn a method name into a pre - hook - method - name
create email templates
returns a set of edges which constitutes the minimum edge cover of the graph .
imdb - gets information about from imdb
returns whether to skip paypal communications for development purposes or not .
return the largest embedded raster image in the emf .
recursively delete a directory tree .
a generator for _ eprocess objects
plots a sequence of pdfs .
check if the forward operator is fixed orientation .
for a given iterated sequence , return a generator that gives the length of the iterated cycle and the length of terms before the cycle begins ; if values is true then the terms of the sequence will be returned instead .
copy the files from src to the target node
return a buffered version of a write file object .
method decorator for a mobile api endpoint that verifies the user has access to the course in a mobile context .
converts yaml statement list of blacklisted ips into a string .
iterate over nested lists and dictionaries ; todescend is a list or a tuple of types to be considered non - scalar ; if yielddictkeys is true , also dictionaries keys are yielded ; if scalar is not none , only items of the given type ( s ) are yielded .
generate css minifier .
read from file - like object until size bytes are read .
get endpoint segments from the beginning and end of a line segment .
converts a numeric string to a rational string , if possible .
only load if the locale module is available in _ _ salt _ _
count number of occurrences of each value in array of ints .
return last stored session
convert index and data arrays to form suitable for passing to the
raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str .
list all rvm - installed rubies runas
load an image from the demo - data repository if possible .
generate one random unicode string .
approximate lexographical order with an int .
search the given device for the specified string property
gets the string value of a given parse tree node , for comparison using the tgrep node literal predicates .
construct the db string that gdal will use to inspect the database .
change a username
contains the model definition for the overfeat network .
index page : displays all documents
step that always fails , mostly needed in examples .
do basic checks on matrix covariance sizes and values .
encode a string using the url - and filesystem - safe base64 alphabet .
listens for the user _ registered signal .
a sum of two continuous distributions .
the fast reader for tab - separated values should not strip whitespace , unlike the basic reader .
nicely formats user for display .
returns a sorted list of untracked files .
query an entropy gathering daemon for random data and add it to the
returns a db - api exception type appropriate for the given sql _ exception .
wraps asarray with the extra requirement that the input be a square matrix .
remove an interface bound to a zone . .
this helper function declares a tf placeholder for the graph input data
render the latex math expression * math * using latex and dvipng .
equivalent to cat file | command but knows to use zcat or bzcat if appropriate
get an access token from the " code " returned from an oauth dialog .
filter widgets for project _ project
returns a boolean array of non - constant column indices in exog and an scalar array of where the constant is or none
volunteer programmes controller
parse the trees in a nexus file .
get the beveled rectangle .
return an approximate maximum independent set .
returns true if the two urls should be treated as if theyre from the same domain .
turns a phenotype file into an iterator returning platerecords .
test that named tables have identifiers
returns the resolved variable , which may contain attribute syntax , within the given context .
just a shortcut to np . abs ( x ) . max ( )
returns the results of applying all passed in transformers to data should pass in list of transformers [ transformer _ 1 , transformer _ 2 . . . ]
disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia .
input a url and output the filetype of the file specified by the url .
checks for horizontal spacing around operators .
updates the user profiles image to the given image url
parse dist keyword .
fourier coefficients for even mathieu and modified mathieu functions .
read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
returns the best matching implementation from * registry * for type * cls * .
encrypt / decrypt hidden parameters and resource properties data .
recursively explains a type decl node
list orphaned vdis .
add productcrosssell objects with type productcrossselltype . bought _ with based on other products ordered with product _ id .
a thin wrapper around cursess addstr ( ) .
generate the list of files managed by a recurse state
converts a scipy sparse matrix in * * compressed sparse column * * format to an iterable of weighted edge triples .
scan the given python content and return code intelligence data conforming the the code intelligence xml format .
compute the text used for md5 calculation .
return a mock patching the class with qualified name * q _ class _ name * .
return tag stored in ovsdb other _ config metadata .
convert the xml element to a group xml element .
returns the pid for prior radvd instance for a bridge / device .
get all sm backend configs .
default stim channels for sqd files .
return disk usage associated with path .
global average pooling .
returns for all autogenerated permissions .
save default letterhead to set default _ letter _ head _ content
turn off scanning modes on this device .
returns a basic auth string .
this formats an explanation
performs wards linkage on a condensed distance matrix .
returns true if you can " import caffe " from dirname
append an entry to the specified set .
return a list of layer config for the provided layer
return the number of nonzeros in row .
pointer : times
tests if the sag pobj matches ridge reg
ensure our file hasnt grown too large to work properly .
test for no - cointegration of a univariate equation
stops service via daemontools
bezier : control points of the bezier segment inside _ closedpath : a function which returns true if the point is inside the path
get a string representation of a function calls with the given args .
look for options in setup . cfg
compute hessian matrix .
attempts to locate the application .
write cmake for the rules in the target .
internal generic helper accepting a specific callback as first argument , for ns or na reply .
convert bytes to human - readable form .
gets metric by name from list in this module
get the documentation string for an object .
return a path to the directory where system packs are stored .
decorator for marking a function deprecated .
thx to ayoung for sorting this out .
get the mac address of the device .
follow an attribute chain .
check if collection is sorted , if not - raises : py : class : valueerror
set the * x * axis label of the current axis .
find out current state
generate a new random string id .
return inverse of quaternion .
attempt to write text representation of object to the system clipboard
make markdown extension .
validate the configuration and return a thomson scanner .
expire the current session cookie .
decode the given stream
read lsm positions from file and return as list .
stochastic gradient descent updates with nesterov momentum
imports an object based on a string in dotted notation .
processes and saves list of images as tfrecord in 1 thread .
get craft module .
update the deploy section of the . travis . yml file to use the given encrypted password .
builds an http context object from a flask request object .
configure nginx to serve the default site on port 80
generate a dropout mask given inclusion probabilities .
helper to turn ioerrors into keyboardinterrupts .
signal handler for sigusr1 , only available on unix - like systems
determine whether a function is an optional handler for a i { flag } or an
the inactive mode simply checks if there are any active games .
subscribes a user to a creator .
python method to show a desktop notification on mountain lion .
checks for permission _ code in the current context .
for the moment , parse tcp or ssl connections the same
determine the number of jobs that can actually run in parallel n _ jobs is the is the number of workers requested by the callers .
copy resource file into . resources dir .
silvermans rule of thumb
returns the singular of a given word .
register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module .
remove old client directory if it exists , move installed client to the old directory and move newly compield client to the installed client dir .
convert siphash24 output to py _ hash _ t
required method to auto register this checker
check if there is an upgrade available for a certain package
get the system locale parameters from dbus
retrieve raw files from quantecon . notebooks or any other github repo
compute linearoperator to use in lsmr by dogbox algorithm .
returns details of the interfaces on the device .
return a value based on a flag value .
ensure the drac network settings are consistent
run pcoa on the distance matrix present on lines
clean the db after each scenario
add fake data migrations for existing tables from legacy geonode versions
verify the virtual environment for a given revision .
make a function used to pretty - print movies and persons refereces ; movietxt and persontxt are the strings used for the substitutions .
merge constants in the subgraph used to compute nodes in vars .
create a skewed threshold graph with a given number of vertices ( n ) and a given number of edges ( m ) .
returns a global devprocess object representing the current process .
given a zlib compressed pickled serialization , returns the deserialized data .
update the salt minion from the url defined in opts [ update _ url ]
get time zone for a location on the earth , as well as that locations time offset from utc .
add two values
decode a base x encoded string into the number
run the data preparation steps of qiime
default action which deletes the selected objects .
delete a neighbour entry .
find vertical that is a unit , not just some container .
put an object
subselect projs based on ch _ names and bads .
validate the given text as representing a list of pdf textbooks
loads a pixbuf from disk .
list the keys available
return true if a path is absolute .
expand shell variables of the forms $ var , $ { var } and % var % .
test default behaviour of user . delete - merge to nobody
mangle sequence of numba type objects
ensure cognito identity pool exists .
escape text to allow literal matching using egrep
test maxwell filtering on kit , bti , and ctf files .
only load if boto is available .
creates a savepoint inside the current transaction .
deactivate a package if its active .
if value is none , use given default .
creates a change list from a suggestion object .
provides elevation data for locations provided on the surface of the earth , including depth locations on the ocean floor
return description of pending writers .
set a log level for all the handlers on the provided logger .
get polygon convex added index .
replaces apostrophe character with its utf - 8 full width counterpart
temp command to migrate db . code grades to db . score table
start the odoo http server and cron processor .
remove the windows feature
the reverse function to : func : parse _ options _ header .
join the chunks , then split and rejoin to normalize the whitespace .
make a file descriptor non - blocking
create a new autoscaler for a mig .
tests if the user can download the payments report , based on membership in a group whose name is determined in settings .
gpuelemwise - > pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop
return the full path to the first match of the given command on the path .
deleting a transcription should work
returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
write python object to hdf5 format using h5py
slightly more flexible way to render labels .
returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment .
destroys a linode by name .
look for errors in spark task stderr , reading stdout when appropriate .
return a list of all job ids
iterates over tab separated lines .
associate current auth with a user with the same email address in the db .
set up an environment variable in the crontab .
helper function compiles a * . cs file .
convert a string value to a boolean value .
read markdown code from a file and write it to a file or a stream .
ensures that the host exists , eventually creates new host .
call the : term : view callable configured with a : term : view configuration that matches the : term : view name name registered against the specified context and request and return a : term : response object .
removes tag from the record
check for assertequal ( type ( a ) , b ) sentences
support function for copy _ reg to pickle method refs
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes .
show the input image and return the current axes .
downloads a result to the appropriate black hole folder .
converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module .
returns the version as a human - format string .
protecting from has _ access failing from missing perms / view
show config of cluster cibfile name / path of the file containing the cib
decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . client ( ) instance .
search list of seqfeature objects for an identifier under the given tags .
a helper function for main without top - level exception handling .
find precision and standard deviation . .
instantiate an iblockdeviceapi implementation configured to work in the current environment .
calculate two tailed probability of value as or more extreme than z .
given a value for obj , a field name , and a type , project the field as a new value .
decrypt data that has been encrypted using an older version of heat .
if the filename ends with a recognised file extension , return the filename without this extension .
check if a and b are equal with some tolerance .
verifies date or time field .
determines the path to the management module for the given app _ name , without actually importing the application or the management module .
collects objects related to self and updates their foreign keys to point to other .
handle various input types for dimensions in tensor _ wrap
decorator that injects the decorated function as an extension of a method of the target class .
discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid .
returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
view for services monitor .
sample from top _ k probabilities .
return a list of stripped string by splitting the string given as argument on sep .
return a directed _ random graph with the given degree sequences .
return true if directory is really a service : file / run exists and is executable svc _ path the directory to check for compatibility
return a mock for attribute * attr _ name * on * cls * where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
concatenate url and argument dictionary regardless of whether url has existing query parameters .
convert a matplotlib figure to a plotly graph stored locally as html .
initialize bookmark completion models .
translate ssl acronym to a method value
returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text .
function _ definition : declarator declaration _ list compound _ statement
return a list of paths from a list of items
return the rfxobject with the packetid .
simplifies gates symbolically
add access to group type for project _ id .
set the mode of a file
return the response obtained after sending a query via udp .
loads the cron . yaml file and parses it .
check if file is in the local file system
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified rank using random matrix - vector multiplication .
avoid extraneous whitespace around an operator .
return the path of the seaborn data directory .
get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url .
returns a list of related files , as defined in related _ filetype _ sets , for a filename .
returns the variance along an axis .
set up and compile the model architecture
removes the pack format from the registry .
starts development servers for both the source interface and the
return sequence of eigenvalues of the laplacian of the threshold graph for the given creation _ sequence .
remove backslashes in * path *
view to group by a given field in a report
encrypt plaintext into cipher text using specified key .
returns a unique name if label is already in previous _ labels .
remove backup files by type .
check version number against version specification info and return a boolean value based on whether or not the version number meets the specified version .
get the module name , suffix , mode , and module type for a given file .
walk the package resources .
return full path to the user - specific log dir for this application .
element - wise equality between two tensors .
delete a cache security group .
create an eauth token using provided credentials
internal helper to for context creation .
remove whitespace and expand all brackets .
ensure that the pki module is loaded , and convert to and extract data from
find if a specific database exists on the ms sql server .
a helper to set the default value for a key in the registry
retry execution in case we fail on one of the exceptions
keep a store of previous fragments in an ordereddict named pkt _ frag _ loads
reconstruct skeleton matrix from real id .
exclude the selected components on close .
removes files needed for heroku if it isnt going to be used
decorator for common function argument validation
create a pool for specified protocol
returns product of x , y .
allow the user to add , update and delete their contacts
this function prints a list of all host groups .
return true if graph is directed .
if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input .
get a specific aggregate by uuid .
mark image killed without raising exceptions if it fails .
builder for rebulk object .
validate and load cloud providers yml config file .
indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java _ class .
open a web page in a browser .
docstring for main
transform surface to the desired coordinate system .
translates an appengine - web . xml pattern into a regular expression .
decorator to require * any * user or admin context .
setup the last . fm platform .
find and return a non used port
returns an opened bpf file object
return if a project can have more n new memberships .
this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
appends an annotation value to a list of annotations on the node .
get the elasticsearch servers on this host .
returns the services the local agent is managing
writes a new options file
records a breadcrumb for all active clients .
verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction .
write a doc to standard path .
returns a new dataframe if data has changed on the excel workbook
distort the color of the image .
restful controller for due follow - ups
identify the image at path .
checks that the signature is correct
pts = { } rotates points about center cnt ( 2 ) by angle ang ( 1 ) in radian
helper function for divisors which generates the divisors .
download tarball from oracle site and install jdk .
coerce value to a datetime , if set or not nullable .
only load if boto is available .
make the given transient instance : term : detached .
return an | _ ifdentry | subclass instance containing the value of the directory entry at * offset * in * stream _ rdr * .
add heights by graymap .
create a widget and apply properties
helper function to create connection with httplib
check to see if the product key is already installed .
expand hypergeometric functions .
retrieves single flavor by name .
unsigned length * delta * + 1
returns a list of distance groupings .
clean up all header and footer images files for themes .
given an http response body , extract the resource classes that were still in use when we tried to delete inventory .
set due date = posting date + credit days
stubbed out enrollment data request .
generate a random alphanumeric code of length defined in
deinstalls the currently active translation object so that further _ calls will resolve against the default translation object , again .
helper function for pretty - printing a semantic type .
create two sets of slices for an array x with shape shape such that shapeof = = shapeof .
returns a decorator that can be used on a test _ case to set a specific microsite for the current test case .
shows about page with version information .
split infile into files with seqs _ per _ file sequences in each infile : list of fasta lines or open file object seqs _ per _ file : the number of sequences to include in each file out _ fileprefix : string used to create output filepath - output filepaths are . . fasta where i runs from 0 to number of output files working _ dir : directory to prepend to temp filepaths
zero the packet , byte and rate counters in a service or all services .
decorator to indicate that this is a taskqueue method and applies request . headers check
return microseconds since epoch , as an int .
multi - dimensional white tophat filter .
get information about given user .
get the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure .
value to use when no region is specified .
restful crud controller
load the item at the given array pointer .
returns true if file is a tty .
decorator to require oauth2 credentials for a view .
returns prefs dict evaluated from prefs _ string .
return true if pnode is a parent of node
compute l2 norm , row - wise
return a list of fully - qualified module names given a list of module paths .
remove moldy socat x11 tunnels .
check that a model contains the expected items in any order .
mock out most of the builtins xonsh attributes .
returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected
event changes to user preferences .
enable jquery and css3 animations .
usually views which do a post will require the next page to be read from the master database .
browse an object using an mdi window .
call back called before merging 2 nodes .
get a repository _ review from the database via repository id , changeset _ revision and user _ id .
returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance .
given a style _ map previously generated by : func : resolve _ styles ( ) and a property name , returns the effective value of that property for the specified element .
get a repository on the tool shed side from the database via id .
returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3 - axis .
default view used when request fails csrf protection
sets up a tmp directory for ts files .
backwards compatible interface .
renders a template with a task as its context .
returns a dictionary of colours using the provided values as keys .
returns dict of lists of courses available , keyed by course . org .
return true if the object is a user - defined function .
returns tuple of tf . variables declared inside an nn . module .
return a generator of all filter names .
serialize a python object into a yaml stream .
return file directory .
a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords .
get an image by name or id .
recursively display a node and each of its children .
ensure that the named group is absent name
find lines in home that are inspectable .
ensure a user is present . .
returns the create index sql statements for a single model
combine sections declared in separate apps .
renders a template , caching where it can .
verify that condition is true .
return list of sample ids sorted by ascending value from mapping file
parse patch file and return patch ( ) object
get the overhang span .
sends out the weekly " ready for review " digest email .
returns a valid query string .
document a single collection in an api .
cudnn pooling op .
compute shortest paths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
close the sqlite3 database connection
enable routing policy for specified source ip address .
js has to be a javascript source code .
it may be a bug in vista , but in standard windows vista install , it appears the timezonekeyname returns a string with extraneous characters .
parses an integer representing a set of flags .
retrieve target port .
make an event with a null event _ date for all sids .
this is usually used to display a histogram of the on - times encountered in a particular output .
returns padded array .
enable / disable sailthru integration
submodules are pulled in on install and updated on upgrade .
test whether two pathnames reference the same actual file .
stores fasta and flogram file for each cluster .
implement the ovs - vsctl set commands .
converts a long integer representing the number of microseconds since datetime . min to a datetime object .
removes packages with port uninstall .
this view allows the student to redeem the registration code and enroll in the course .
get error statistics .
update the vpn ip / port of a cloudpipe instance .
ensure that the named user is present with the specified properties .
translate the negatives and postives .
in order to switch experiment handler to the new - style classes , this is a proof - of - concept loader based on tools . filetools . fromfile that will load psydat files created with either new or old style trialhandlers or stairhandlers .
computes stationary distributions of p , one for each recurrent class .
appends string _ to the response .
calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database
this view will return all cms users who are editors for the specified course
determines if a filename is a valid python module .
render the comment form through the comments / form . html template .
unlike honglaks convolutional max pooling , which pools over spatial locations within each channels , this does max pooling in a densely connected model .
a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation .
gets a valid number for the specified region .
returns a comparison between two snapshots config
return true if name is a considered as an archive file .
return the module an object was defined in , or none if not found .
return a list of member workers from the configuration files
retrieve tags for a resource .
writes a varint to a file .
process xmodule static assets .
get from usual main hue config directory
makes a configuration wizard for xonsh config file .
return the singleton used to interact with the solc compiler .
change make _ virtualenv to use a given cmd pyversion should be 2 or 3
return a list of oslo _ config options available in glance api service .
map request for write access to allowed path .
returns string that represents md5 hash of base _ str .
returns unicode id for utf8 or unicode * char * character
cache param determines how memberships are calculated trying to reuse the existing data in cache
return the installable changeset _ revision in the repository changelog after the changeset to which after _ changeset _ revision refers .
search env for auth envargs and run tests .
the apiproxy entry point for a synchronous api call .
returns true for parameters , that provide a zoom method , i . e . push 2s waveform zooming parameter .
get the prefix to operate in
expected inclusion _ only _ unlimited _ args _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
skip a test if a database has at least one of the named features .
helper method to get the region code for a given phone number , from a list of possible region codes .
a coroutine for applying changes to albums and singletons during the autotag process .
optimize a pickle string by removing unused put opcodes
run the given function inside a single thread .
creates a django user on the cabot server .
returns the currently active script prefix .
returns a list of the supported languages
clears current console line
return a sparse matrix from diagonals .
aux function checking the decim parameter .
the nsga - ii selection strategy .
the restful handler for static tabs .
setup the google travel time platform .
if the given credentials are valid , return a user object .
arbitrary file logger using threads .
validate the error logging behavior of _ sync _ command _ error _ squashed .
hard power down the virtual machine , this is equivalent to pulling the power
a value cannot use some reserved names .
timestamp is count of milliseconds since start of epoch .
include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
helper to build a firewall rule .
basic function to ask openid and return response
prints a brief usage string and exits , optionally with an error message .
verify that sub - attributes are iterable and should be validated .
get a flat list of elems attributes , sorted for consistency .
grep a set of files .
returns the n x 1 matrix as a list of values
count the names of types with the most instances .
reads in the master configuration file and sets up default options
initialise both the pylons and flask apps , and wrap them in dispatcher middleware .
returns true if the given protocolerror is the product of a server - side exception caused by the temporarily unavailable response sometimes given by operations on non - blocking sockets .
sends an email to the owner of the provided repository .
ensure the rabbitmq plugin is enabled .
round a number or a float to a precision
check whether target is able to depend on dep .
returns the run time root directory
retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints .
shorthand to convert named colors to rgba format at 60 % opacity .
return true if the image is mutable in this context .
validates that removal _ version is a valid semver .
load the filenames of the book crossings dataset data _ home : optional , default : none
filter the list of file attachments to only return the latest revisions .
check that head files contain the latest head for the branch .
show the topic mask for the current channel .
sets entries in x to zero at random , while scaling the entire tensor .
get the loop layers and set the copyshallow .
returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing filter k _ filter .
convert a set of skycoord coordinates into pixels .
create a single vm from a data dict
testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes .
deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones .
function adds network mtu , dhcp _ server , and share _ dhcp fields .
test plotting of sensor array .
use this decorator to expose views in your view classes .
show all employees for this company .
return an empty document with enough stuff filled out that it can be saved .
format a datetimedelta object as a time .
a dummy view that raises an alreadyrunningerror exception
create a matching profile whenever a user object is created .
return matrix to shear by angle along direction vector on shear plane .
spin up a local https server , and yield its base url .
create a new rest api service with the given name
remove a certificate from an iis binding .
returns a new stream with the given parse method .
keeps the lease alive while posting the vmdk .
parse json stats url params .
impulse response of discrete - time system .
select the * k * individuals among the input * individuals * .
save a robofab font as an otf binary using ufo2fdk .
read in the salt master config file and add additional configs that need to be stubbed out for salt - api
logarithm of the absolute value of the gamma function for real inputs .
boolean check if an object is an instance of a pyrsistent object .
command line interface to the tweak book tool
load observatory database from data / observatories . json and parse them into a siteregistry .
convert a resource uri to the primary key of the resource .
return a list of registered vms , with detailed information
set flag signifiying that were inside a signal handler .
helper function to get all files in the given root .
writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
sync grains modules from salt : / / _ grains to the master saltenv : base
sharedvariable constructor for scalar values .
given a numeric ip protocol number , give human name
draws a network diagram in an ipython notebook
skip an executing test with the given message .
visit the node and match the brackets .
create input tfrecord tensors .
returns either the function / class path or just the objects repr
construct a simple tableformat with columns separated by a separator .
finds elements by sizzle selector .
get an apropriate handler according to given parameters
use netstat to find instances of redis listening on the local machine , then figure out what configuration file theyre using to name the cluster .
rebuilds a request url .
create a directory at path .
print msg and optionally exit with return code exit _ .
given a user , get programs from the programs service .
makes sure that for each task we call _ add _ task ( ) and _ task _ done ( ) which will avoid some ugly race conditions .
additive _ expression : additive _ expression minus multiplicative _ expression
prints latex representation of the given expression .
same as get _ scene _ numbering ( ) , but returns none if scene numbering is not set
decorator that returns both function results and execution time .
recursively walk a datastructure sorting any lists along the way .
encode executable and arguments from unicode to bytes .
set is _ default property of given doc and unset all others filtered by given key .
generates localisation files
returns a group page .
exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings / dependencies
recursively sets ctx to ast . load ( )
platform - independent recursive delete .
searches for resources satisfying a given search criteria .
generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
context manager to silence warnings .
simulates a round - trip call against the given api / url
retrieve certificate information for a particular user .
convolute arrays a and b .
reads an http response from stream and runs callback with its headers and body .
needed for test _ pickle as local functions are not pickleable
rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
write the specified content to the file locations in the given the list and set the file permissions to 0600 .
determines if a file has given rights .
returns the complementary error function at x .
create a git repository with a master branch and readme .
remove an installed feature . .
returns content from filename , making sure to close the file explicitly on exit .
display the skeinforge dialog .
given a ranked language list , return the best - matching locale .
given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes , compute the regresssion targets according to : t _ x = / w t _ y = / h t _ w = log t _ h = log where are bounding box centers and are the box dimensions
create an image _ service and parse the id from the given image _ href .
restful crud controller
test forward - projecting dipoles
open the url in the current desktops preferred file browser .
writes a file to disk
try to recognise a hypergeometric sum that starts from k > 0 .
change the version of all projects .
rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
returns a list of the drop table sql , then the create table sql , for the given module .
launches a qmessagebox question with the provided title and message .
starts subprocess and returns
returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id .
return info about function parameters
helper function to place an order without the boilerplate
special dumper wrapper to modify the yaml dumper .
tries to get the datastore type for the given app .
associate fixed ip to instance .
set setting dictionary to a setting line .
checks for new version , prompts to upgrade , then replaces this script with the latest from the repo
a clique is a set of nodes in which each node is connected to all other nodes .
sort resources for inclusion on web page .
setup the enocean switch platform .
set the craft profile repository .
this function is called to check if a username / password combination is valid .
prepare a string for case - insensitive comparison .
checks whether a character is cased .
compute the median of data with n _ zeros additional zeros .
replace all links in the container that pointed to the changed ids .
carves up a mime _ type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
used to support list values in html forms .
takes json formatted data , converting it into native python objects
check if the distribution has configuration files to work on .
inserting again will not cause any errors , so this is safe for multiple executions
should not try to resolve to the if hio , which was a bug .
get a fixed ip by a floating address .
make messages type report
gets metric by name from cogent . maths . unifrac . fast _ unifrac
run command and return output as unicode .
only load if docker libs are present
apply rules on the objects names
given a instance id , check to see if the given instance id exists .
returns a version if the package is installed , else returns an empty string
a helper function to encode an element .
top main loop
find wsa : action attribute , and return value or the default .
clean an html fragment and return it
the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined .
produce a generator that feeds lists of arrays to any gradient test .
info can contain the names of the various plugins , such as filename to detect filename info , or hash _ md5 to get the md5 hash of the file .
return value rounded up to the nearest power of 2 .
delete a bookmark .
returns the predicative adjective .
asserts the specified output has at least one xml element with a path matching the specified path argument .
gets a zero - terminated string from a given buffer .
return the list of organizations that are followed by the given user .
returns true / false based on whether or not the options file for the specified port exists .
validate an ipv4 address .
given numeric ethernet type or length , return human - readable representation
take a diff string and return a dict of files with line numbers changed
wait for the xblock with the given css to finish initializing .
given one of the descriptions in feconf . all _ language _ codes , generates the corresponding short description .
gets a widget by name
permissions can be a list or a tuple of lists .
vector of kth order differences .
return the names for day periods used by the locale .
recursively converts dictionary keys to strings .
a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization : - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc
return the url of the distribution
adds settings to the context .
convert a uid to a user name
build a layer object from an xml element , deprecated for the next version .
dynamically creates a video type handler for the specified video type
chops the message into integers that fit into n , leaving room for a safebit to be added to ensure that all messages fold during exponentiation .
function cutting the ward tree for a given number of clusters .
get the pkgin version
send a json representation of one single inventory .
count the number of common neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch using community information .
returns a relative path to target from base .
returns the overholt api application instance
creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
computes the gauss - chebyshev quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights of the first kind .
return a regular expression that matches phrases like " featuring " that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists .
helper function for : func : dup _ decompose .
sign a data file with a ecdsa private key , append binary signature to file contents
load all model components + apply vocab expansion
process a download that did not complete correctly
make a byte array constant from * buf * .
list all users
name of a selectable
returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string , including the version number , whether the version is a release candidate , and the c api version .
align the given integer number to the closest page offset , which usually is 4096 bytes .
retrieves principal for hiveserver 2 .
completely clear svnfs cache
attaches a handler which prints the query count on the console .
returns the marginal precision of a design matrix .
duplicate behavior of : py : class : optionparser , but capture the strings required to reproduce the same values .
print a tree to a stream .
yields sorted commands without duplicates .
heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix
returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
convert home assistant color temperature units to percentage .
extract property name from _ _ property _ _ key .
quote text for inserting into a shell
send refresh command .
takes a steam user id and returns a dict containing info about the games the user owns
uninstall a capability
finds an arbitrary perpendicular vector to * v * .
returns a page token for a given start index .
create a qnetworkproxy from qurl and a proxy type .
return true if the given request has xtheme editing enabled .
command : gosub error
html representation of a databook .
returns a hash of categories , each category being a hash of module names to file paths
returns a context appropriate for use with threadserializer or commentserializer .
initialize this metric - gathering module and build a list of metrics
toggle data register d3 bit
construct a list from the given statespec tuple according to the accepted statespec accepted by _ format _ mapdict .
saves image in memory to scratch file .
sets the prctl name , which is used by top and killall .
a helper to return the default value for a key in the registry .
require an addons or personas reviewer .
save import status for a course in request session
validate the beacon configuration
helper method to access created sample data for primitive types
write a token file to hold the oauth2 bearer token .
decorate decorates a function using a caller .
renders markdown text to html .
check a webpage using the w3c markup validator .
sync directory entries to disk .
gets current mode of interface : layer2 or layer3
toktype : token | left | right | nonassoc
jpeg data in jfif format
only load if elementtree xml library and boto are available .
use with multiset _ partitions _ taocp to enumerate the ways a number can be expressed as a product of factors .
internal parser function for l { _ parseserver } to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
dimension a gcode file .
identify sets of values to use in insert statements for a list of states .
a handy helper function that recreates the full url as iri for the current request or parts of it .
database type dependent options
include any default options that all commands should accept here so that managementutility can handle them before searching for user commands .
make sure that a user is logged in to the distributed server .
try to read application bytes from each of the two connection objects .
load the configured engine and return an instance .
makes an authentication request .
checks for improper use of disallow * macros .
ensure that global network settings are configured properly .
return a new http object .
ensures that the given application is deployed on server .
remove common factors from terms in all arguments without changing the underlying structure of the expr .
a noop function for strings that are not ready to be localized .
create a pair of veth devices with the specified names , deleting any previous devices with those names .
get or set the radial gridlines on a polar plot .
get the project version from whatever source is available .
setup the media player pandora platform .
plot a 3d function using matplotlib / tk .
parse a given uri and return a parseresult .
use the given test to assert that the given transport is actively reading in the given reactor .
returns fieldtrip data type and string representation of the given object , if possible .
get the status of a datapusher job for a certain resource .
create network from scratch using user switch .
files that need to be reviewed are returned by version . unreviewed _ files .
a nose test decorator that skips the decorated test if the given function returns true at runtime .
a method to make multi - level key objects .
retrieve all xblocks in the course for a particular category .
generate a single line of the graph g in multiline adjacency list format .
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression plusplus
creates digg - style page _ range for pagination
cheat to find modules by using gdb .
extract marker id from requests dictionary .
do a postorder traversal of a tree .
quote an argument to l { serverfromstring } and l { clientfromstring } .
returns an - tuple .
extract the sentiment from the facial annotations
prepare forward solution for inverse solvers .
create a replication group .
return the first match in a dictionary of target patterns . .
a wrapper around : meth : sessionbus . get _ object that raises
assert that a code block / function call raises expected _ exception and raise a failure exception otherwise .
create the pickle / msgpack data
fail with an error .
wrapper around shlex . split ( ) , but convert to str if python version < 2 . 7 . 3 when unicode support was added .
get the mac address for a given ip .
remove tags from a file .
display search test box .
given a list of boolean values , interprets them as a binary encoded , msb - first unsigned integer and returns the result .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
the identity function .
returns all minimum k cutsets of an undirected graph g .
stops all instances for the given version of the server .
return teams belonging to a repository .
list services belonging to this account
setup the arest switches .
a simple helper to invoke l { assertwrapperexceptiontypes } with a c { maintype } of l { responsefailed } .
delete non - internal ports created by neutron
like python 3 . 5s implementation of os . walk ( ) - - faster than the pre - python 3 . 5 version as it uses scandir ( ) internally .
convert a number to a raw string .
return a compound class .
list all grr hunts .
create a hard - link between source and destination
checks if inp is a testnet address or if utxo is a known testnet txid
return legal http status code , reason - phrase and message .
formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
recursively pickle all of the given objects subordinates , starting with the deepest first .
get descendant random variables of input .
get a property ; raise if ns not found / visible or property not found
converts code to colorized html .
guess the type of a sound file
update the display of the course notification
return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides
deletes indexes and recreates them .
enhanced version of os . walk where symlink directores are traversed , but with care .
returns the name of the first field on the profile model that points to the auth . user model .
enum _ specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator _ list rbrace
floor x to the nearest lower decade
get subscription information .
return mean of array after trimming distribution from both tails .
loads any python module from tcollectors own etc directory .
accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype .
ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all
obtain lock on compilation directory .
install one or several packages .
a reducer that joins thing table dumps and data table dumps
return for path using hashlib . new
escape any invalid characters in http url , and uppercase all escapes .
update a node . js package .
get all visible namespaces for the specified resource _ types
create a sslcontext object with default settings .
validate and re - serialize the user submitted stylesheet .
locates the object related to the given playername or channel key .
turn the query _ string into a unicode - and ascii - safe string .
check whether the given modules were imported , and if requested , ensure they will not be importable in the future .
create and return formatters
returns the cumulative execution profile until this call .
signal to delete the sitepeople on profile delete
password reset email sent .
evaluate a python string literal source .
returns a list of attribute strings , found in the specified object , which represent callable attributes
checks if a string or int is a valid port number .
set up the arwn platform .
solves the continuous lyapunov equation : math : ax + xa ^ h = q .
build a configuration dictionary into a configuration object .
contextmanager to skip a signal by disconnecting it , yielding , and then reconnecting the signal .
lists all the qos to tenant associations
escape a comment for inclusion in a document .
returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
write worksheet columns to xml .
converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list .
software secure will call this callback to tell us whether a user is verified to be who they said they are .
converts a utc tz - naive timestamp to a tz - aware timestamp .
calculates the size of a batch .
paypal ipn endpoint .
log last error in filename * fname * - - * context * : string
check that the supplied args are sufficient for calling a function .
adds the api key to the url if its not already there .
risc os has no links or mounts .
set up the currencylayer sensor .
short - term fft mag for spectogram estimation :
iterate over child items of a qstandarditem .
echo test function
a getattr ( ) that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
ensure default security group exists for a project _ id .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
converts an expr to a string of r code
perform x13 - arima analysis for monthly or quarterly data .
reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms , see the execution module .
converts a string value to bytes , if necessary .
process the else statement .
return a mock patching the function with qualified name q _ function _ name * .
inserts values into tablename .
return a piece - wise polynomial object from a fixed - spline tuple .
should be essentially the same as _ ssl . sslwrap .
computes the weighted minkowski distance between two 1 - d arrays .
validate mututally exclusive groups in the parsed args .
helper function to dump / parse a secedit / export file for a particular option
start snapshot recorder .
get number rounded to a number of decimal places .
reverse the songs within a specified range .
return a script thatll work in a relocatable environment .
returns the logarithm of a theano scalar x .
generate and save markdown files for function group documentation
load a list of initialized modules from a module setting .
return list of aliases
arrange the given list of classes into a hierarchy of nested lists .
check if file is a par2 - file and determine vol / block return head , vol , block head is empty when not a par2 file
check whether context is being passed to the logs
power off a running system .
return data entry matching the given name and tree mode or none .
compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements .
parses a url from a string into a : class : url tuple .
given an expression , f , 3 tests will be done to see what type of composite bivariate it might be , options for u are : : x * y x + y x * y + x x * y + y
this method comment one or more lines of code
attach a json members representation to each object of the queryset .
adds or replaces directives in a config block .
multi action helper for start , stop , get , . . .
checks whether g is a chordal graph .
generate a version string from a numerical commit no
find the greedy deterministic policy , given the q - values .
print some example predictions .
decorator that converts a function - based view into an apiview subclass .
get wedge loop .
build a semi - hardcoded breadcrumbs based of the models url handled by zinnia .
provide the options for the rfa filter
return top - level images which do not have a tag assigned to them .
copies a blob from one bucket to another with a new name .
builds a lambda function representing a segmented pattern .
normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . minor . build .
find wsa : action attribute , and return value or the default .
convert the array of vertices for a hemisphere to mni coordinates .
place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares / lots .
create or update many term translations at once .
populate the default report writers
run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename
salustowicz benchmark function .
return an object given its id , if it exists .
return normalized address if the address is a valid ip or hostname .
returns a formatted dict as key = value .
returns list of roles for forms
load a truetype or opentype font file , and create a font object .
thin wrapper for the course export manager .
decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
return length of the geographical area code for a number .
see if there is an snapshot present that should be removed .
append the attributes from the child nodes of fromelementnode to the attributes of toelementnode .
replaces a node .
extract integer param from request or fail .
git backend should be able to install from branch names
parses and rewrites incoming url
parse the iscsiname line
prints out changelog .
returns a regular expression quantifier with an upper and lower limit .
return the probability density function as an expression in x
convert surfaces to a bem .
process the given bundle ; this includes merging the files together and applying filters as appropriate .
a decorator to declare that only the first n arguments may be positional .
returns a common but often generic base alphabet object .
external on _ start decorator .
convenience function that parses the mo file mofile and returns a
get dict of useful fields from vowpal wabbits output .
get a list of all dnsdomains in our database .
quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell .
namespace handler for the tree config namespace .
formats a date according to the given format .
perform 2d fft on an image and center low frequencies
look up the ubuntu ami that matches query given a table of amis table : an iterable that returns a row of release : ubuntu release name stream : server or desktop store : ebs , ebs - io1 , ebs - ssd or instance - store arch : i386 or amd64 region : ec2 region virt : paravirtual or hvm
accept an answer as the solution to the question .
return instance _ disk _ info corresponding accurately to the properties of the given instance object .
confirm this module is on a gentoo based system
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
convert either a list of colors or nested lists of colors to rgb .
filters calls for call category .
display the current database version .
restricted version of textile designed for weblog comments and other untrusted input .
convenience wrapper around binwalk . core . module . modules . kwargs .
helper method to host bottle in twisted
helper method to determine if mount tager requested already exists
helper method for defining space - delimited indentation blocks , such as those used to define block statements in python source code .
basic html escaping .
parse input arguments
look through the given nodes children for strings , and attempt to do string substitution with the given parameter .
get a value from memcached
quote an etag .
list unique elements , preserving order .
delete a table from postgis ; to be used after deleting a layer from the system .
find a near correlation matrix that is positive semi - definite
creates a folder of folders of images for classification
builds reduction - b block for inception v4 network .
given a relase object and os _ slug return the files for that release
update the resources versions for a consumer id .
initialize a new hash object .
ensure that given database is present .
when a process succeeds , no output should be logged .
import a class using its fully - qualified * name * .
returns a set of equivalent gate identities .
json encoder that formats datetimes as iso8601 format .
create an immutable mismatch that also stores the mismatched object .
backward compatibility handler for the " engine " namespace .
list all tab pages in segment _ info format
delete an autoscaler .
allocate a nat - initialized datetime64 result slot .
compute source power spectrum density .
restful crud controller
strips the last or or string at the end of the input string .
check that channels in inverse operator are measurements .
return bucket and key names from an s3 path .
a helper method to execute json - schema validation .
return a utc date from a timestamp .
run other half of the tests to help travis go faster .
check if user is affiliated to an organisation
poly _ seq is a polynomial remainder sequence computed either by subresultants _ bezout or by modified _ subresultants _ bezout .
delete a specific member from the group .
get vector3 teardrop path .
return a set of missing permissions for a given iterable of permission strings .
this function makes sure a translated string will be prefered over an untranslated string when syncing languages between apps .
parameters x : array , series , dataframe or none
returns first loader from settings
converts a python integer to an asn1 _ integer .
syncs the hue database with the underlying unix system , by importing users and groups from getent passwd and getent groups .
prints given string to stdout .
search and return the files with extension in the folder : path .
fill the upgrade table .
fab - h username @ host deploy : appname , all
accuracy tests for the icrs to / from fk5 conversion , with arbitrary equinoxes and epoch of observation .
generate exception message for videodescriptor class which will use for valueerror and unicodedecodeerror when setting xml attributes .
calculate head positions using chpi coils .
only load if the makeconf module is available in _ _ salt _ _
returns the incomplete beta function .
dump a wrapper script to the given file object that runs this python script .
returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
generate a new random seed
wraps strptime to provide microsecond support on python 2 . 5 .
decorator factory for api endpoints , adding appropriate json in / out encoding .
before each scenario , backup all config and journal test data .
convert an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to printable representation ; - )
get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
check the poles come in complex conjugage pairs
return description of active readers and writers .
pops off the next segment of path _ info , pushing it onto
only load if the influxdb module is available
remove the discussion tab for the course .
ensure that exactly count matching containers exist in any state .
internal helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions , given a tag name
serializes and encodes to base64 format supplied value > > > base64pickle gajvbmzvb2jhcneblg = =
verify the existence of a repository
a feature with two scenarios should separate the two scenarios with a new line .
extract slug and id from a string .
get page size arguments , returns an int { : page _ number }
prints out the results .
load all fonts built for android .
add a pretty printer for a type specified by the module and name of a type rather than the type object itself .
try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server
get loglevel by name .
compute a bidimensional binned statistic for one or more sets of data .
search for certificates for a particular user or along with the given course .
return all antidivisors of n sorted from 1 . . n by default .
if pep8 is installed , run it across the given package name returning any warnings or errors found .
move a topic to another node .
strip all ansi from the string .
validate and return a converted value for option of type named
do a wikipedia geo search for latitude and longitude using http api described in URL
clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release .
invert the image .
check if a user is curator in the specific group .
remove terms with zero coefficients from f in k [ x ] .
look the instance up and return it if available .
obtain vendor and model from show version data
a wrapper function around pd _ to _ hdf that enables locking
runs a wsgi - function with an scgi server .
returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending .
provide concatenation of an array of arrays each of which is a single normalized dtypes
exracts an oauth access token from the redirected pages url .
sends a notification request to wns .
a decorator that records the function execution time to statsd .
sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
build a network with shared connections .
extract name from file path .
given two values , return the same pair of strings except with their differences highlighted in the specified color .
test jsonreport output with different filename
return a breadcrumb for the application .
expire attributes in need of newly persisted database state , after an insert or update statement has proceeded for that state .
helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces .
try and resize a video and cope if it fails .
simulates a failure in create _ vm .
bytes _ to _ long : long
for the attribute attr on the given instance , finds an object that has a get _ prefetch _ queryset ( ) .
given a conf dictionary w / raw config properties use _ ssl , es _ host , es _ port es _ username and es _ password , this will return a new dictionary with properly initialized values for es _ host , es _ port , use _ ssl and http _ auth which will be a basicauth username : password formatted string
count the number of newline characters in the string .
return acpi _ tables information from osquery
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
show a single user .
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
builds syslog - ng configuration .
download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory
produce pivot table based on 3 columns of this dataframe .
benchmark performances of ( 1 ) a teacher model , ( 2 ) a wider student model with random _ pad initializer ( 3 ) a wider student model with net2widernet initializer
return new generator starting with token followed by all tokens in tokens
validates * attr * as string representation of rt or soo .
create a new temporary file .
initialize module globals .
filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
return a dict with key being minion and value being the job details of the last run of function fun .
creates a new internal variable .
decorator that adds a section header if theres a any output
return a list of raw samples for the source .
templates can have more than a single feature .
decorate func with decorator if func is not wrapped yet .
getdefaulttimeout ( ) - > timeout
act like djangos stock loaddata command , but , instead of loading data , return an iterable of the names of the tables into which data would be loaded .
return the trivial graph with one node and no edges .
takes a list of tuples and returns a urlencoded string .
setup the yamaha platform .
this syncdb hooks takes care of adding a view permission too all our content types .
get the oldest object for a specific class name
returns a list of favourite organization in the form of organization _ list action function
returns true if there are tabs in the leading whitespace of a line , including the whitespace of docstring code samples .
resizes addon icons .
generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
escape all dn special characters found in s with a back - slash
removes ~ # from short file names
detect active internet connection or fail quickly .
generate full paths of potential locations of a given binary file based on
checks for invalid increment * count + + .
get all available regions for the iam service .
grep given file , which is in hosts ( 5 ) standard format , for an address entry with a given name .
modify staff / instructor access of other user .
parse skbios ordination results file into coords , labels , eigvals , pct _ explained .
this device is getting device - related objects from another device
converts an ec2 - style regex to a python regex .
search the media gallery .
retrieve tweets for a user , list or search term .
processes logger commands
calculates a covariance matrix shrunk on the diagonal
parse a file into a dom by filename or file object .
part is a string of ipython text , comprised of at most one input , one output , comments , and blank lines .
drops the user back into their shell environment .
this function is only available when the optional pattern package is installed .
patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your _ project _ id with the project id from cloud _ config .
a helper for creating a httperror exception .
utility to find a constraint name in alembic migrations
creates a status line with appropriate size .
reset the selinux context on a given path
create or update models for each data hash .
completely remove app from bench
shutdown a network interface
delete a zone .
function using the caffe python wrapper to extract 4096 from vgg _ ilsvrc _ 16 _ layers . caffemodel model
main program function for generating quality score histogram fasta _ fp : fasta filepath qual _ fp : quality score filepath output _ dir : output directory base _ pos : nucleotide position to truncate the fasta and quality score at .
check if the python version in use match the requires _ python specifier .
check if required dependency is installed
create or modify accounts on the server .
sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances .
a coroutine to log each file which will be imported
start the specified service
used to create a session .
initialize a new file for translation _ project using template _ store .
creates a tracker session with the given tracker url .
generate random keys for csrf - and session key
find the greatest integer m such that p * * m divides n .
add el to beginning of sequence seq .
transform all sequence nodes into conjunction nodes .
write rst file from a given python example .
fetches all tenants quotas
strip # markers at the front of a block of comment text .
apply function to all values found in index .
print a summary of the hdus in a fits file .
return the meet of a and b under the pointertype relationship .
automatically deserialize mopidy models from json .
removes the follower by loading follower relation and deleting it .
switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch
formats the output of the restartcheck module .
decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character > > > decodeinttounicode u # > > > decodeinttounicode u @
load a nodegraph object from the given filename and return it .
return a string containing a namespace declaration for each of the namespace prefix strings , e . g . p , ct , passed as * prefixes * .
special polynomial differential equation algorithm : parametric version .
return user entry with same email address as one returned on details .
augment dataset with an additional dummy feature .
encodes the given integer into a string of the minimum number of bytes .
user can logout
add a codec that map characters in the given charset to / from unicode .
compatibility wrapper for pwntools v1
randomly compressed rank - k thin singular value decomposition .
remove a single file from the file system
helper function : given an image , return the json to pass back to the image chooser panel
computes the serial correlation of a series .
returns the min value given an object _ list and a field .
the detect _ encoding ( ) function is used to detect the encoding that should be used to decode a python source file .
sets the environment for jinja
batchwise dot product .
for a given request domain , find a match in our microsite configuration and make it available to the complete django request process
provides the errno from an exception object .
unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format
list the installed solvers .
experiment directories are the directories with a description . py file
trims an array by masking the data outside some given limits .
return string padded with spaces , based on alignment parameter .
disable router paging i . e . - - more - -
show current usages statistics
sends interrupt signal to processs pid .
the user should enter his / her username or new to create one .
runs the job by invoking the command from the given arglist .
export fixtures as json to [ app ] / fixtures
get the first width hexadecimal digits .
turn light on in the morning .
encode the messages payload in quoted - printable .
nearest point to point c on line a _ b
get logger wrapped by sphinxloggeradapter .
render token data http response .
get matrixsvg by transformwords .
return true iff this computer has a soundcard .
preprocesses a string , by replacing $ { varname } with os . environ [ varname ] and ~ with the path to the users home directory
consumes a single filename and label as a - delimited string .
test mne inverse computation given a mismatch of bad channels .
copies files matching the specified pattern to the destination directory .
fix task _ log attributes that should be unique .
similar to : func : pass _ context , but only pass the object on the context onwards .
retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached .
called at login if user confirms their merge or email add .
returns a list of clusters associated with a given service instance .
counts by word numbers , up to a maximum of five
yields the sequence of prime numbers via the sieve of eratosthenes .
direct _ abstract _ declarator : lparen parameter _ type _ list _ opt rparen
show all movie lists
takes a urlencoded string and returns a list of tuples .
fetches the log file at " log _ url " and stores it in " output _ file " .
runs on initial plugin load and sets the http headers for this plugin .
normalize an array from the range [ cmin , cmax ] to [ 0 , 1 ] , with optional clipping .
compute the circular mean for samples in a range .
update a group .
return available media devices .
the average path length in a n _ samples itree , which is equal to the average path length of an unsuccessful bst search since the latter has the same structure as an isolation tree .
returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries .
wrapper around isinstance or is none
run the libcython and libpython tests .
create an archive .
iterate over topography .
get a network domain object by its name or id
get the plugins directory path .
ensure that the cluster admin or database user is present .
test that a theme with a template _ dir actually affects template directory selection .
sets class - level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message .
get all volume type access of a volume type .
return the current state object
get new derivation .
return a unique id for this proxy minion .
convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
view for email confirmation links when user first login through external identity provider .
checks the given initializers .
returns the target url for the comment form submission view .
compute the expected frequencies from a contingency table .
decorator for views .
enable the named service to start at boot
recursively uninflect _ form _ , and return the first form found in the dictionary .
wrapper around process . communicate that checks for oserror .
parameters : lpar rpar | lpar varargslist rpar
retrieve the api params from the config file .
makes alterations to the image before launching as part of spawn .
decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist .
set dns source to dhcp on windows
helper method for defining space - delimited indentation blocks , such as those used to define block statements in python source code .
detects sentiment in the text .
converts a numpy boolean array to a bit array .
flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii
construct distorted input for cifar training using the reader ops .
return a relative version of a path
same as dirwavfeatureextraction , but instead of a single dir it takes a list of paths as input and returns a list of feature matrices .
returns a listindexesresponse .
merge target specifications with keyword arguments .
convert the input to a numpy array .
create a continuous random variable with an fishers z distribution .
find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
resolves query string to resource with dot notation like people . address . city and returns corresponding field definition of the resource
terminates a virtual machine module : ansiblemodule object azure : authenticated azure servicemanagementservice object
determine if given path appears to be an unpacked egg .
a sizer which uses the function compute _ value _ size to compute the size of each value .
provide data for the corresponding dashboard section
load the thorium runtime modules
strips all [ x ] html tags
wrap a single paragraph of text , returning a list of wrapped lines .
decorator to add setup and / or teardown methods to a test function : :
take the xml document generated in generate _ replace _ result _ xml , and sign it with the consumer key and secret assigned to the consumer .
returns the compiled pillar either of a specific minion or just the global available pillars .
avoid extraneous whitespace .
get the learning rate scalers for all member layers of owner .
restart the traffic _ manager and traffic _ server processes on the local node .
filter course update items which have status " deleted " .
convert degrees in radiants
print command functions docstring , then exit .
strips not translated parts from the string .
return true if the variable node is defined by a parent node or in a previous sibling node on the same line
return the rightmost root portion of an arbitrary python command .
returns sum of the elements in the list .
returns the weighted value from the persisted _ block if found , else from the latest block content .
returns the size of the specified file .
based on code from URL
decorator close object on socket . error .
divide list l into chunks of size n - thanks stackoverflow
returns a dictionary of formatted , introspected function arguments .
complete attributes of an object .
returns the base directory of a path .
helper function to return a query url string from a dict
this generates an artifact knowledge base from a grr client .
removes all non oauth parameters from a dict or a list of params .
update a dynamodb table .
generate an expression with a primitiveset * pset * .
hash a portion of a file into a new sha .
returns whether the requesting _ user can access own blocks .
get the region list and sort by name .
render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as { { params } } .
two stage linear step - up procedure with estimation of number of true hypotheses
returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target .
custom urljoin replacement supporting : before / in url .
determine if the address is shortened .
return a list of the vms that in this location
returns the list of the themes
compress an image of given field for given object .
create fake payment
assert that an event is valid output of zp . datasource _ unframe .
denests a list of expressions that contain nested square roots .
accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
return a list of multivariate constants .
remove containers and all objects in them .
reads affymetrix cel file , version 3 , and returns a corresponding record object .
execute a single state orchestration routine . .
start the devstack lms or studio server
log a message if the condition is met
recursively merge two dictionaries , keeping existing values
converts a map of variable id to value to a vector .
implement the doc shortcode .
merge and sort a collection of sorted collections
delete a metadef object
submits a task to generate a html file containing the executive summary report .
example string from cisco ios : twb - sf - 881 uptime is 14 weeks , 4 days , 22 hours , 59 minutes return the hostname , else none
creates cookie payload data .
get an iterator over a product of domains .
wraps the errback callback of the api functions , automatically trying to re - provision if the app id can not be found during the operation .
check two lists of seqrecords agree , raises a valueerror if mismatch .
attempt to import a required dependency .
gets the resource limits .
for geos binary predicate functions .
dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths david eppstein , uc irvine , 4 april 2002 _ python cookbook recipe _
returns the object pointed to by ref .
perform analysis / synthesis using the harmonic plus residual model inputfile : input sound file window : analysis window type
verifies that a file with this filename does not exist .
two - dimensional dilated convolution function .
return a new numpy record array with fields in * names * dropped .
the handler for having users log out .
resets a students attempts counter or starts a task to reset all students attempts counters .
wipe the instances database & restore a fresh one
demonstrates displaying different variables through shade and color .
multiply a distributed module element f by a term term .
attempt to fix / hide race conditions like empty object directories being removed by backend processes during uploads , by retrying .
triggers a backup of the source code of deployed apps .
return all of the data in the minion datastore
get the centers of the loop .
ensure that the parent directory of path exists
do the unix double - fork magic , see stevens " advanced
establish connection to ec2 client .
finds a review request matching an id , checking user access permissions .
method to detect if url provides cors features .
build the standard set of cloud metadata to collect during interrogate .
increment an ip address given in quad segments based on ipv4 rules
function for plotting data as butterfly plot .
list available layers , or infos on a given layer
uses aircrack - ng to check for handshake .
ask for a string and expand all instances of # n with the char preceeding it repeated n times .
cycle through all the possible credentials and return the first one that works
checks if a string is " * * * * self " or contains conn . name .
return the filesystem name of the specified device . .
updates a users email with new _ email .
authentication request section 9 . 2 . 2
create a new instance .
implements hadoop fs - dus .
displays whether remote apple events are on or off .
retrieves a class or function member of a module .
returns a list of the child directories of the given parent directory
construct a cython declaration of a function coming either from a pxd or a header file .
create random draws from equi - correlated multivariate normal distribution
plot a univariate kernel density estimate on one of the axes .
split mime - type in to main and sub type .
extract a documentation that starts at given beginning with standard layout .
computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals .
return a list of logged in users for this minion , using the w command
add the billedopprotos in billed _ ops _ list to the given dict .
namespaceproperties resource factory method
destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
put together all of the information necessary to request an instance on openstack and then fire off the request the instance .
parse the output of a zfs list command ( like the one defined by _ list _ snapshots _ command into a list of bytes .
convert the numpy values to a list
associate / disassociate eip to vpc instance
given a generator which yields strings and a splitter function , joins all input , splits on the separator and yields each chunk .
try to gzip the response body if content - type in mime _ types .
formats string according to pattern , where the letter x gets replaced by characters from string .
get float adjust option .
send a deploy event to stackdriver
compresses the given list of strings by storing each string as an integer representing the prefix it shares with its predecessor , followed by the suffix encoded as utf - 8 .
returns information for the primary vmdk attached to the given vm .
get number of expected output args .
returns the explicit graded field value for the given block .
resume all activities
convert a python literal to the value it represents .
a realization of the random expression
make a schedule function from comparators .
remove radicals with symbolic arguments and return ,
rest - json api server
check if a filename is finalized .
return something that can be rendered as an image to visualize the filters .
given a complex array , its memory layout is :
returns plugin classes that should connect to the sidebar
callback from the xqueue that updates example certificates .
calculate hessian of y with respect to each x in xs .
basic edit distance between two strings , ignoring non - alphanumeric characters and case .
evaluate piecewise polynomial manually
return the cornice service matching the specified request .
try to retrieve proxy host and port from environment if not provided in options .
create an exponential delay function based on the attempts .
iterates the list of notes in the segment .
returns a list of the drop table sql statements for the given app .
debug function to check if pythons gzip is broken .
attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset .
create the output for a log record , like performed by : mod : logging module .
concatenate together the contents of multiple documents from a single corpus , using an appropriate concatenation function .
generate module source code given a parsetree node , uri , and optional source filename
convert something into a string via str ( ) .
build an argumentparser with args for countgraph based scripts .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
converts a register dump list to a pickeld datastore
return a new empty document object .
update the metadata associated with the aggregate .
convert a string to a long integer .
required method to auto - register this checker .
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _ allocated _ link - local unicast address space
creates two - branch residual block
return a multicall class which inherits its methods from the given widget class .
finalize state on states that have been inserted or updated , including calling after _ insert / after _ update events .
create a sha1 hash and return the base64 string
returns true if deg _ sequence can be realized by a simple graph .
get the target url for the comment form .
turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles .
determines the right messaging urls to supply .
downloads a group of files and saves them to a given directory .
converts a hypergeometric function to holonomic .
add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
extract a date , sanity checking against the received : headers .
return the selected url shortener backend .
returns the value of the entire timedelta as integer seconds , rounded down
returns first item from a list , used to fake random for testing .
the training model acts on a batch of 128x64 windows , and outputs a ( 1 + 7 * len vector , v .
decorate a test to check online state .
return an ip address from our ip address queue .
parse an http www - authenticate header into a
get the set of completed path tuples in incremental imports .
attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id .
we only return a realm if there is a unique non - system - only realm , it is completely open , and there are no subdomains .
makes a histogram from a map from values to frequencies .
echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made .
extracts all values that match a key , even in nested dicts .
calculate and store the l10n metrics for each locale / product .
migrate the search - enabled models .
yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent .
a compatibility function that mimics the old lineparse .
helper function to return all the user rights assignments / users
this function creates the images , using matplotlib .
return the number of cpus .
return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses
returns a testsuite loaded with all the koans listed in filename .
simplify a theano computation
hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed - in dict
set up logging , have the real main function run , and start the reactor .
returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers .
returns the currently selected language .
test using textures and fbo
creates a collection query of type query _ cls from a list of strings in the format used by parse _ query _ part .
remove and purge do identical things but with different apt - get commands , this function performs the common logic .
a feature encoding what the number of liberties * would be * of the group connected to the stone * if * played at a location
set up os module replacement functions for use during import bootstrap .
test reading curvature data .
tests if a join should be suggested
list keyspaces in a cassandra cluster .
allows user to choose if he wants to login before checkout or continue as an anonymous user
redo requests monkey patch
handle ajax posts to update the current users masquerade for the specified course .
decorator that protects endpoints using token authentication .
helper function to create a dictionary mapping a column number to the name in tmp _ arr .
evaluate a matrix function specified by a callable .
decodes a socks5 udp packet
return a list of matching units names .
signal to ensure that on resource delete it get remove from the siteresources as well
write * data * to socket * sock
test maxwell filter using all options .
returns a reduced graph constructed using the generalized block modeling technique .
returns the value corresponding to a lighting label int .
return a multivariate one over k .
create a filtered indexer that doesnt have any missing indexers
return column from lower level tables if possible > > > metadata = sa . metadata ( ) > > > s = sa . table ( accounts , metadata , . . .
redirects the server to another route handler path .
takes a whole file ie . , the result of file . read ( ) , its md5 hash , and the filename
test that - - stream works with prettified redirected output .
callback invoked when both logins and method calls have finished to shut down the reactor so the example exits .
log db contents .
run a synchronous query .
similar to get _ webshells but returns a code that when it is evaluated runs command in the operating system .
return a list of changesets in reverse order from that provided by the repository manifest .
returns the edge keys of the unique path between u and v .
import a file using data import tool .
create an empty info dictionary .
memo decorator for sequences defined by recurrence
look for records that pertain to deleted instances , but may not be deleted themselves .
disemvowels all table names over thirty characters .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for the global network settings file .
moves oauth repos
get an unique identifier for the object or a string representing the object .
extract all translatable messages for a doctype .
load a function by name .
setup the snmp sensor .
decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
dot22 computing an outer - product - > ger .
use an audio function on a video / audio clip
updates backupinformation record for a completed mapper job .
information about an acl token .
convert the passed list of hook - style 2 - tuples into a returned set of toc - style 2 - tuples .
migrate a vm from one host to another .
get a dictionary with setup keywords that have side effects .
verify that given package is not installed .
create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs .
run a process and kill it if the reactor stops .
generate a single table of data
get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
generates a client - side control file to load a kernel and run tests .
depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
weather - - gets weather data for .
returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined , according to the threshold condition for geographical threshold graphs .
get new repository .
return the null graph with no nodes or edges .
returns a hash of the final style attributes of the element
only work on posix - like systems
helper to get filename from traceback
this criterion combines log _ softmax and nll _ loss in one single class .
get the plugins directory path .
parse a vector of float values representing ibm 8 byte floats into native 8 byte floats .
return a date formatted as a string using a subset of qts formatting codes
complete a parameter
return info for expanding a sample into a template .
run potentially stty - modifying operations , e . g . , repl execution , in this contextmanager .
rename a file or directory
computes the logistic loss .
invert all pixel values above a threshold .
load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
decorator to mark a todo test
return the ctypes . dll object for cudart or none
helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
remove excess indentation from docstring * s * .
find matching values .
check if the user has the given permissions for the particular group .
this function returns true or false depending on the host platform .
find the region in a list that matches a number
convert a format 2 workflow into standard galaxy format from supplied stream .
return dateoffset object associated with rule name
removes previous session file
will check to make sure the project that triggered this presend is still public before sending the email .
return memory usage in bytes .
read 32bit float matrix from bti file .
set the audio output level , parameter between 0 and 7
convert to native string .
expected one _ param _ _ doc _ _
helper function : given a regexp match , return a string of spaces thats the same length as the matched string .
returns a cookiejar from a key / value dictionary .
convert mysqls charset name to pythons codec name
compute current - flow closeness centrality for nodes .
checks that x is in .
check to see if master config has the necessary config
convert an argv command list to a string for shell subprocess .
a more system - portable wrapper around shelve . open , with the exact same arguments and interpretation .
check if a new version is available and report if one is .
pretty print a string , breaking lines on whitespace
expects a file with each line being composed of the oid for the attribute exactly one space , a user friendly name of the attribute and then the type specification of the name .
takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used .
find a fixed point of the function .
helper method to execute command with optional retry .
adds an attribute to a set of attributes .
helper function to fetch the size of given block device .
add a suffix to the end of a target .
register security serializer .
a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and , if so , checks if the user is logged in .
construct a new dummy l { irequest } provider .
returns all formats strings required for i18n to work
associate eip to vpc instance in a new subnet with boto3
helper function for handling reorder of tabs request
returns true if the given object has a method with the given name .
aux function of generalizationacrosstime .
delete a tuple from a list of tuples based on its first item .
encode the input , returning a tuple .
run misc tests
returns a numpy randomstate .
utility function used for allocating a new array during llvm code generation .
decorator to register a function as a checker .
generate the main lobe of a sinc function x : array of indexes to compute ; n : size of fft to simulate returns y : samples of the main lobe of a sinc function
given a url , set or replace a query parameter and return the modified url .
parse a filename , url , or file - like object into an html document tree .
returns a new environment .
returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a hsa runtime .
create a service from the values dictionary .
given a siemens dicom file return metadata
return a path to the virtual environment for the provided pack .
return the host from the xenapi host reference .
decorator that checks if a user has the given permissions .
get a valid host for storage from the user and append it to the list of hosts .
validate app id , providing a default .
given treq response object , extract json and ensure response code is the expected one .
given a thing , return a dict of oembed data for that thing .
write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path
compute the biweight location .
updates parameters of an api method with values specific to this library .
seen _ struct : struct identifier
scan a list of titles , searching for best matches against the given variations .
show expired dates in red
solves an nth order linear non homogeneous cauchy - euler equidimensional ordinary differential equation using undetermined coefficients .
collapse samples in a biom table and sample metadata
compute kendalls tau between v1 and v2 using scipy . stats . kendalltau
if the layer is not a raster and the user has edit permission , return a status of 200 .
return the expiration date of this xrd element , or none if no expiration was specified .
replaces the attribute names in a attribute value assertion with the equivalent name from a local name format .
fake assert _ is without message
permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
fix * slice * start and stop to be valid indexing bounds for a sequence of the given * size * .
builds the vm create spec .
set channel access
convert complex logarithms to real functions .
executes one or more worker processes that will run a strategy with the bars and parameters supplied by the server .
pure python implementation of the pep 383 : the " surrogateescape " error handler of python 3 .
convert a raw name for a data set in a mldata . org filename .
checks if a " follow " relationship exists .
profile controller - includes components relevant to hrm
unlock a server .
decide whether a tag namespace is editable by a user
return a temp file to hash containing " hello " .
delete one of more hash fields .
convert from sif to datetime .
return the value of any defined environment variable
write the settings to a file .
return md strings from bt using md _ key in order of bt . observation _ metadata
formats the variable according to the argument , a string formatting specifier .
return a 48 - bit pseudorandom salt for crypt ( ) .
return a dictionary with exercise ids as keys and topic _ ids as values .
return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a " cross - platform " path ; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
computes the second camera matrix from an essential matrix .
get a list of emails that occur more than once in user accounts .
a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
remove all boxes with any side smaller than min _ size .
generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group .
converts the given exception to the one with the _ remote suffix .
clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state .
perform common subexpression elimination on an expression .
get a listing of all filesystems on a given pool .
converts figure to a numpy array
recursive helper function for : func : dmp _ degree _ in .
a reimplementation of djangos get _ host , without the
creates a reference from a referenceproperty .
reads submatrix shards from disk .
prepare qsub text files .
get the db id for the value val .
measures the amount of difference between two strings .
check whether django - storages is installed .
return a mocked configuration template from self . mock _ templates .
detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
returns the app _ label . object _ name string for the user model .
return information about the volume group ( s )
constructs url to be used for api request .
return the highest intensity peak coordinates .
perform automatic seaonal arima order identification using x12 / x13 arima .
view to output contents of trackinglog model .
returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp .
assembles articles and pages into lists based on each article or pages content .
delete a revision .
easy wrapper for sending a single message to a recipient list .
helper function for normal _ ordered _ form : loop through each term in an addition expression and call _ normal _ ordered _ form _ factor to perform the factor to an normally ordered expression .
number of bits needed to represent a integer excluding any prefix 0 bits .
useful method that will return a list of dict with the moref and alarm status for all triggered alarms on a given entity .
converts a given string to either an int or a float if necessary .
given an http response code , create a properly formatted xml error response
an utility function that extracts and returns the nearest : class : appcontext from the current call stack .
validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or none .
if a dimshuffle is inside an alloc and only adds dimension to the left , remove it .
helper function that recursively populates deleted _ objects .
update the users last activity date upon creating or voting for a post .
takes a null terminated array , copies the values into a list and frees each value and the list .
return the apf location
return a standard date - field
this is a mixin - safe version of column . copy ( ) .
decide what method to use for paging through text .
get backend class by name / alias .
set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it .
parse psea output file .
gets information about fund in the users account .
when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave _ as , that step should be marked a failure .
ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
handle uncaught exceptions
return a boolean stating whether or not a files trailing newline should be removed .
regularly spaced dates
convenience function for setting vm status
writes the given data to the file specified by filename .
quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number .
first re - expresses expr in the system that base _ scalar belongs to .
compute id of a matrix .
this script works similar to the unix cat command but it writes into a specific file .
given an email context , replaces all % % - encoded words in the given string context is a dictionary that should include user _ id and course _ title keys
check for libzmq raises zmqversionerror if current zmq version is not at least min _ version min _ version _ info is a tuple of integers , and will be compared against zmq . zmq _ version _ info ( ) .
make directory * newdir * recursively , and set * mode * .
update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
closure to keep name known in each properties accessor function
change the home directory of the user , pass true for persist to move files to the new home directory if the old home directory exist .
generator function that yields specified amount of random sentences with stats .
check if the required youtube urls are available .
get a list of stored configuration rollbacks
testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes .
helper to get / create a new store .
stop a vm vm : string vm to be stopped force : boolean force stop of vm if true key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
commits a transaction .
returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object .
return a mode value that is predictable
thin wrapper around muse cmdline utility .
run the function c { f } , but with some warnings suppressed .
set a bunch of fields in an object .
return a unique variant on given server name
get all available regions for the ses service .
set whether the server responds to events sent by other computers ( such as
ensure that an organization is present .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
returns true if and only if minc is installed .
gives a power series solution to a second order homogeneous differential equation with polynomial coefficients at an ordinary point .
load current redirect to context .
class decorator to register mf make
return a list of file extensions extensions that are synonyms for the given file extension * fileext * .
denest and combine rational expressions using symbolic methods .
convert obj to binary string
take a chunk of raw data , multiply by mult or cals , and store .
decides if args for unspent / fetchtx / pushtx are mainnet or testnet
send create table .
return a boolean indicating whether the element with css _ selector has the specified value .
relu implementation with t . maximum
read the specified number of bytes from sock .
write a table .
write datapoints until the metriccache is completely empty
creates a new : class : group with a function as callback .
replacement for os . path . normpath with some enhancements .
a global handler for the ping event
produce generator that feeds lists of arrays to group significance tests .
perform a kumascript get request for a document locale and slug .
returns odf representation of databook .
mock _ upstart _ enable method .
forces using openssl dynamic libraries on os x or windows , or using a specific dynamic library on linux / bsd .
parses the wordnet wn _ s . pl prolog file and returns two dictionaries : word2nums and num2words .
compute beta diversity distance matrices , run pcoa , and generate emperor plots
encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
return a load - balancer conn object
return apcaccess output
return number of samples in array - like x .
print a list of orders
returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str , or of a file contents .
deserializes a value from json .
returns a list of exercises immediately tackled by other individuals in the same group .
opens a cheatsheet for editing
attempts to call t on val , raising a argumenttypeerror on valueerror .
check for printf related issues .
wrapper for dump _ fn .
returns the natural logarithm of the gamma function at x .
return mapping of iso 639 3 letter codes to localized language names
queries for a diff based on several parameters .
random mime type .
return all installed services
finds the subcircuit in circuit , if it exists .
save command with no playlist name .
whites lagrange multiplier test for heteroscedasticity
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an sports format .
build a dev version of the project .
nicely formated print
rename columns of pd . dataframe or name of pd . series .
get current teletext page requested .
copy the contents of an openssl bio object into a python byte string .
validate cone search services .
fetch a particular page number for a github api resource .
a period ( . ) leaf
given a list of possible method names , try to run them with the provided object .
reads a compass file containing one compass record .
returns an integer having one of three values : - - 1
this will replace a link between courseware in the format / jump _ to _ id / with a url for a page that will correctly redirect
write a file in the doc / dir containing restructuredtext substitutions for the latest release tag name and version number .
return event to mysql server
establish websocket connection to a server .
strip blacklisted characters from raw _ line .
convert an edns flags value into a space - separated list of edns flag text values .
set global warning behavior for the test suite .
special part of the denominator .
polynomial division with remainder in k [ x ] .
returns a cache key for the header cache .
get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters
make a directory .
return a host key or false
run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
setup logging to stdout .
format diff if there is any
return whether path has been imported in toppath .
run a scheduled task manually .
search path for executable
write data to lastlines file for path .
returns ip addresses configured on the device .
setup the hddtemp sensor .
return network configuration
a function to determine if a node has previously completed its work
return native stringified values from datastructures .
process the sort parameters to include default keys .
do multi surface solution .
wrapper for widgets set _ data method that first checks if the input is a sqltable and : - if small enough , download all data and convert to table - for large sql tables , show an error
returns intersections of first _ handler and second _ handler patterns .
get user information from the id _ token or oauth token in the request .
remove nan values that cant be json encoded
module function to decrypt the given data with the given key .
add handler to flask application if handler has not already been added .
return the full list of ip adresses matching the criteria proto = inet | inet6
return the current clock format , either 12h or 24h format .
register a fake basedir .
generate random key , given a number of characters
return the module name and the frame id in the module
replaces a subcircuit with another subcircuit in circuit , if it exists .
check if an exception is a transient one .
schaffers multiobjective function on a one attribute * individual * .
waits until enough cassandra nodes are up for a quorum .
get the matrix keys .
portage has a function to remove unused dependencies .
discovers static files in given paths , returning javascript sources , mocks , specs and html templates , all grouped in lists .
creates a course context from a course _ id .
array comparison test for a surface with a masked portion .
loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class .
get load per cpu from / proc / stat
restful controller for area model
set location of configuration flags .
default 404 handler .
return the source of a template , syntax - highlighted by pygments if its available .
returns a copy of an iterable object .
ensure the correct path object is retrieved .
test combinemarkersmodel traits model
a more efficient form of run _ and _ monitor that doesnt monitor output .
build up a formset - happy post .
return a html page listing a file and a back button
prepare for forward computation .
execute a function from the webadministration ps module .
build command list required for vlan configuration
test installing a package from pypi .
make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
check if http status code is client error .
shortens a string to a repeatable mangled version with the given length .
parse command line arguments .
do all of the default monkey patching ( calls every other function in this module .
create the scheduler and set all required events
yield the articulation points , or cut vertices , of a graph .
compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
wrapper for urlresolvers . remora _ url
we have to check the cls _ node without changing it .
utility method to sort a list of flavors .
return the version of the current linux distribution , as a human - readable string .
truncate flowgrams at low quality 3 end and strip key + primers .
load glyph from font into dict
check if we need to support anime , and if we do , enable the feature
sharpens an image .
add option for threading to options parser .
returns all elements with id attributes
loads things that could be modules .
normalize x according to klugers log - interactions scheme .
update a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data
return the explanation for the diff between text or bytes
render config template , substituting username where found .
generate the filters file .
parse the dataset section of agent . yml , extracting the backend value and looking up and returning the corresponging backenddescription and the arguments which will be supplied to the backend api factory .
return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line .
check that an image test result matches a pre - approved standard .
converts a single string to a bytestring , encoding via utf - 8 if needed .
validates that name is a legal base name for a graph resource .
return true if the file is compilable .
wrap api calls to lazy load domain configs after init .
within this context , all queries go to the master .
check to see if the host is responding .
get key with capitalized suffix .
when we are asked to update lets reap the cache
copy length bytes from fileobj src to fileobj dst .
return the number of digits needed to display a number
represent an image as a clickable thumbnail
create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
check a - - source - - target with incomplete options .
statement : labeled _ statement | expression _ statement | compound _ statement | selection _ statement | iteration _ statement | jump _ statement
displays the login form and handles the login action .
this field is required .
this goes through c { classobj } and puts method names starting with prefix in dict with a value of 1 .
statements : statement
return true if the object is a generator .
collect names of statistical distributions and their generators .
helper function to convert a timestamp string , for instance from atom : updated or atom : published , to milliseconds since unix epoch ( a . k . a .
creates a list of decending numbers from size - 1 to 0 .
shortcuts for generating request headers .
compute the distance matrix from a vector array x and optional y .
read an amf message body from the stream .
get currency based on docfield options and fieldvalue in doc
helper for _ solve that solves a transcendental equation with respect to the given symbol .
returns true if the given resource view support filters .
return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the
return a dict containing task execution ratio info
returns size : int size of format subchunk in bytes format _ tag : int
find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none
shut down the named programs monit is watching , and stop monitoring it .
copy files to the provided destination .
finds the l { classalias } that is registered to c { klass _ or _ alias } .
scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
return a resourcereference given db _ model .
returns the initialized laymanapi .
wrap a view so that is only accessible to superusers .
asserts the response was returned with the given status code
returns the name which qemu uses for the currently selected architecture .
returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log
generate a binary structure for binary morphological operations .
load a schema from . / schemas / name . json and return it .
returns true if the tool is a datasource tool
test that a declared return type is honoured when compiled .
returns the location that is the draft for location
skip over several tokens and complete based on the rest of the line .
return eigenvalues of the adjacency matrix of g .
myanmar specific template settings for cap : common alerting protocol
returns a new flagvalues object with the requested flagnames .
get new repository .
load module only if cx _ oracle installed
using snmp write a program that detects if the running configuration has been changed but not saved to startup - config .
tries to find image with given name , returns - image , found image - none , no such image found - false , found more than one image with given name
only load if git is available
tmsi reallocation command section 9 . 2 . 17
hook that is ran when old api module is used .
read the yaml - format http session examples from the file at the given path .
never return more than is needed .
checks if config files exist .
retrieves items from the memcache and times them .
this makes sure any open ports are closed .
context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing .
scan a postgrey log line and extract interesting data
add http caching headers to the given httpresponse : expires and
test get _ words from filepath .
adds a configuration to the msvs project .
only work on systems that are a proxy minion
runs the solvers using the specified settings and returns a result string .
returns an encoder for a boolean field .
get the installed version of a node . js package .
builds an input blob from the images in the roidb at the specified scales .
fragment a big ip datagram
generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes
download a url and return the content
make a testapp with args and kwargs , pass it to the test and clean up properly .
calculate the phase used by chirp _ phase to generate its output .
do the actual post .
extract element from lists , tuples , or strings in each element in the
update search indexes with build output json
returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items .
redact a string using the global redaction engine .
attempts to determine the name a given process is running under .
allows you to have a * * datastore * * : doc : config instead of a hardcoded one .
mount a device
registers a flag whose value must be a float .
return the mobile app store links .
remove a given existing logical volume from a named existing volume group name
lists the vlan given a network _ id
return human - readable type string of an item
retrieve all the file configs and return their paths
converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
return a sorted headerelement list from a comma - separated header string .
create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b .
entry point for the script " pyflakes " .
a factory for generating profile commands
set docstring to minimum indent for all lines , including first > > > unindent _ string two > > > unindent _ string twon three
returns a copy of the supplied dictionary , prefixing any keys that do not begin with the specified prefix accordingly .
returns a list of start , end coordinates for each given block in the sequence .
add the value to the lists .
transfer bytes from the output queue of each protocol to the input of the other .
removes all of the local files made .
decorator redirecting clicks on " other add - ons by author " .
returns true if and only if partition is a partition of the nodes of g .
get authentication token for the given host + username + password .
returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p .
update regression results dictionary with anova specific statistics not checked for completeness
wait to see query deleted .
get equated geometryoutput .
return an object that adapts a pybrain agent to the rlglue interface .
restores sanitized text
compute the mean - squared error between two images .
verify a hosts key .
returns list of fasta filepaths fasta _ dir : directory of fasta files to check fasta _ files : list of fasta filenames to open
validate a subscription uri path and get the subscription name .
read the special text chunk indicating the depth from a png file .
print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
setup the bluetooth le scanner .
load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
test with the minimum inputs and check that all of the proper defaults are assigned for the other attributes
trigger a new dag run for a dag with an execution date of now unless specified in the data .
returns the tangent approximation to the expression .
return the daily grouped queryset we need for model _ cls .
verify whether a host is a valid fqdn .
break up an order by expression into individual column - expressions , without desc / asc / nulls first / nulls last
test reading raw cnt files .
animates item to move to position pos .
page through text on a text terminal .
returns the current ftp proxy settings network _ service
returns information about the " node " .
return a list of matches for regex in source
unpack the debconf lines
computes the mfccs of a frame , given the fft mag
wrap various types as instances of a validator .
helper for getting a range of rows from a large tag .
maps keys for attachment details view .
generate the sphinx documentation associated with a l { klein } application .
set up pattern for logging .
plots leverage statistics vs .
retrieves all volumes summary .
return data rescaled and optionally cast to a new dtype : : data = > * scale
generate a certificate given a certificate request .
sets up the site db for the test session .
convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content
apply a hamming window to reduce a sounds click onset / offset .
gets the model for the given profile .
upgrade all of the packages to the latest available version .
register a backend for saving to a given file format .
creates a colorbar on the given axes for the given mappable .
returns estimate of the effective sample size of a set of traces .
create categories from a breadcrumb string
write a new pack data file .
knowledge base index page
tunnel patch requests over post .
get the simplified loops .
selection of the best response correspondence of g that selects the best response action with the smallest index when there are ties , where the input and output are flattened action profiles .
takes a url URL and returns i / like / cheese
returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument
transforms the given comma - separated string into a list .
get the location of the chassis .
a helper routine to generate a cmap and a norm instance which behave similar to contourfs levels and colors arguments .
flip the axis of an image , such as flip left and right , up and down , randomly or non - randomly ,
returns random integer value with provided number of digits > > > random . seed ( 0 ) > > > randomint ( 6 ) 874254
matches up read , barcode , and mapping files based on filenames all _ fastq : list of sequence filepaths all _ mapping : list of mapping filepaths read _ indicator : string indicating read file barcode _ indicator : string indicating barcode file mapping _ indicator : string indicating mapping file
returns single data value .
prefetches string values from disk into an input queue .
returns a list of zookeeper node ips .
updates the dct dictionary with the params dictionary , filtering out all those whose param value is none .
render an element or other c { irenderable } .
test whether or not an expression is in disjunctive normal form .
run the zipapp command line interface .
function to convert a clb node object to a dict
helper to add gamma and multipliers in - place .
single place to catch malformed inventories .
return the datacite metadata xml document for a given node as a string .
learn a simple threshold model
launch the browse current branch dialog .
verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for octagon filter .
find next available incrementing value for a field in model .
creates a new user .
change tablespace or / and owner of database .
a function to return the object to be used in place of any deleted object , when using the set option for on _ delete .
saves mean to file
as long as column names are supplied , the c reader should return an empty table in the absence of data .
this function create optimizer that move some inputs to the gpu for op that work on both cpu and gpu .
rebuild is required if mtimes of files listed in old toc are newer than last _ build if pyc = 1 , check for . py files , too
report the py files in dir that are not in flist
toggle a hashtable between having and not having a key .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
create x509 cert for a user in tenant .
deal with change of channel group .
skip a test unless a database has the named feature
read lsm events from file and return as list of .
hamilton filter using cython inner loop
returns current path , try to use pwd env first .
create an c { amqpreconnectingfactory } configured with the specified options .
return whether or not given value is a valid url .
return the current runlevel
convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation .
manipulate the xml element .
sort a dict and yield pairs .
saves xblock w / its fields .
parse the json - encoded contents of the request body and return the python data object .
show in which disk the chunks are allocated .
copy zip file and install .
flatten the given event by pre - associating format fields with specific objects and callable results in a l { dict } put into the c { " log _ flattened " } key in the event .
if we have a compatiable fill _ value and arr dtype , then fill
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted by the property given in the argument .
this is part of an ugly hack to fix an ancient bug in m2crypto URL # c13
find a xml element via xpath .
create a turtlescreen if not already present .
specific inference function for namedtuple or python 3 enum .
check if the tour is complete
default index page
returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument
deserialize an object from a qbytearray .
tests unparsing does nothing for unsupported values .
reads a pid file and returns the contents .
build an ebsblockdeviceapi instance using configuration and credentials .
split files into roots only based on top level file sizes .
helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution
returns the time between given timestamps in milliseconds .
handles a new message and displays a form .
from the given pairs of coordinates , returns a list of pairs covering the intervening ranges .
bernoulli numbers b0 . . bn .
dumps a python data structure to a saved on - disk representation .
sending message to hipchat v1 server
returns a replacement for start _ new _ thread that inherits request id .
print the passed data using the desired output
format subscriptions data for user settings page .
reads a private key and outputs the corresponding public key .
decode v into a string of len bytes
returns the project that the gce instance running this code is running within .
monkey - patch urllib3 with pyopenssl - backed ssl - support .
read a table with empty values and ensure that corresponding entries are masked
canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures : - sort query arguments , first by key , then by value - percent encode paths and query arguments .
get the value of sync variable in the make . conf
find a number in the url and increment or decrement it .
create a group from the values dictionary .
prepare the picks .
returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do , but all in erfa
ensure that the appropriate versionlock plugin is present
shut the mac down
convert a timestamp to unicode string : use iso format with space separator .
setup and return a filter stack .
get the number of cores per cpu .
migrage cgs to generic volume groups
connect to the dell drac and have the boot order set to pxe and power cycle the system to pxe boot
standalone xml processing instruction regex .
return str branch | operator | numbers
this function extracts the mid - term features of the wave files of a particular folder .
checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
convert longitude to numeric utm zone , 1 - 60 .
decrypt encrypted and return the plaintext .
provide the options for the hfa filter
format the message for final display .
performs basic parameter validation .
aggregate statistics for several clusters into a dictionary .
convert input sentences into syntactic trees .
detects image properties in the file located in google cloud storage .
return a list of all the interfaces names
ensure that the named stack is absent name
boot the specified zone .
verify the config file is present
sets an episode to wanted , only if it is currently skipped
internal helper to construct opening and closing tag expressions , given a tag name
small _ stmt : flow _ stmt | expr _ stmt
recursively includes all encountered builtins / includes directives .
arms vehicle and fly to atargetaltitude .
given a format string , return an iterator of all the valid format fields .
set the local time zone .
test jsonreport output with a background section in the feature
load graph reference json
escapes an iri value for use in a url .
provides virt on smartos
the redis lock implementation .
convert non - central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments
query data using jmespath query language .
copy the datadir table to recreate it with a new column .
converts a function decorator into a method decorator
yield n successive chunks from l .
dynamic imaging of coherent sources .
order blocks so that they are emitted in the right order
colorize a chain of references
determine the type of data indicated by target y
collects and prints stats .
a preprocessing decorator that coerces inputs of a given type by passing them to a callable .
invoke sphinx make build to generate docs .
record = read
return a frappe . model . document . document object of the given single doctype .
generates a buffer lookup function for the right number of dimensions .
shift periodic sequence x by a : y ( u ) = x .
validate the match if left character is in a given sequence .
filter the given directorylisting object into paths matching the given pathdirwildcard .
view function that handles passwordless login via a token
used in various subresultant prs algorithms .
builds and installs all packages into install _ dir .
check if we have a working flowgramaligner
create test database .
only work on posix - like systems
computes the gcd of two polynomials in mathbb { z } [ x ] using a modular algorithm .
create an image tag .
convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet
show fiff information .
internal method to detect in a directive specification if a " special " directive is used .
setup the graphite feeder .
remove a node from vultr
scan default _ data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
generate a list of all prime numbers in the range [ a , b ) .
returns a form field for a db . timeproperty .
hexbin - decode binhexed file
return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a " cross - platform " path ; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
the normalize - space function returns the argument string with whitespace normalized by stripping leading and trailing whitespace and replacing sequences of whitespace characters by a single space .
performs fulltext search in given areas , returns set of primary keys .
find & run a script with exec .
returns datetime object with current point in time .
mocks calls to 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 on 9191 for testing so that a real glance registry server does not need to be up and running
return all attributes of * o * which match string in match .
get wrapped float .
translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
converts a : class : ~ stem . response . controlmessage into a particular kind of tor response .
handle put that continues object creation .
yields streamingrecognizerequests constructed from a recording audio stream .
apply any extra component overrides to vm from the cloud profile .
return string as a native string
returns true if hash does not match the previous one .
install zfs on a node .
detect which is the target web application back - end database management system .
returns an argparse . argumentparser to parse command line arguments .
create a new organization .
repack data that should be in a dict but is easier to configure in an sls file as a dictlist .
return distance between two points in meters , coordinates are in degrees thanks to URL
imports an object based on a string .
parameters funcs : iterable [ function ]
validate a bug tracker url .
new milestone form
performs a post request to the given url .
filter out private items in a consumer dict .
create a convergence loop fsm .
split s3 path into bucket and key prefix .
registered handler for the github activity plugin it puts in generator . context the html needed to be displayed on a template
replace task objects on module with their wrapped functions instead .
similar to smart _ unicode , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
read histogram data from hdf5 file .
prompts the user for a two factor auth code .
set the approval state of a change request / record
returns prompt informing user that addons , if any , wont be registered .
return relative or absolute path name , whichever is shortest .
generates a thumbnail image , which should be a file ,
print default zone for connections and interfaces
returns a list of all monitors in the correct audit order which apply to one or more of the accounts .
compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence .
return memory _ map information from osquery
the config keys known by vispy and their allowed data types .
setup the icinga2 node .
optionally mock a decorator that takes parameters
sends a head request .
returns true if the number is prime , and false otherwise .
executes the - - description option , which includes : 1 .
dynamically imports modules / classes
read the zip64 end - of - archive records and use that to update endrec
advanced indexing for sequences , returns the outputs by given sequence lengths .
upload tarball to the server .
allocates a range of ids with specific endpoints .
compute correlations between template and target components .
fetch objects from a remote server .
get media descriptors elementary streams description
converts a string into titlecase .
parse a phyloxml file or stream and build a tree of biopython objects .
return a digg - like pagination , by splitting long list of page into 3 blocks of pages .
get the hash algorithm callable to use in key exchange .
load only on windows
import a dotted module path and return the attribute / class designated by the last name in the path .
extract the adjacency graph as a scipy sparse matrix
get the standard directory from an argparse namespace .
dependence of two random expressions
list the hardware on the local machine .
sets options for the current figure .
converts a jsonc object into a string of json - c .
this helper function is used by the cmdsethandler to load a cmdset instance from a python module , given a python _ path .
assert two arrays are equal , up to some floating - point rounding error
return a blackman window .
return true if path is relative
same as a ! = b .
convert an intenum member to its raw integer value .
utility function that take a request and returns an instance of oauth2 _ provider . backends . oauthlibcore
install the passed package , add refresh = true to update the apk database .
rotate a list of elements .
for geos routines that return geometries from an index .
removes prefixes from the key
updates photo metadata .
reshapes high - dimension input to a vector .
return term1 xored with term2 .
find the area of the largest rectangle that fits entirely under the histogram .
get the named nodes in a theano graph
clear the rules used for policy checks .
generate an image url from an image _ ref .
returns lst [ ind ] if it exists , default otherwise .
mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob .
magic for creating bound methods .
return a list of parameter objects that configure the pipeline parameter _ objects _ from _ pillars
bz2 compression ( c )
strip one level of directory
displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
runs a local development server for the flask application .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge .
create a dataset on a cluster .
duplicate each string in the series / index by indicated number of times .
return the argument specification of functions in salt runner modules .
this routine produces a list of of dynamic library files which reside in package .
converts a slice into a string .
generate a square matrix where each element val is its distance from the centre of the matrix
read a binary file and parse its contents into a message object model .
fetch 5 resources from a feed , then again individually .
soundex module conforming to odell - russell algorithm
splits a dataset into two subsets randomly .
start a server instance .
return plugin name and meta - data dict from plugin config file .
add post - commit hook on project import
gets all the counts for one input file
initialize all clients , connect them and start to step them
create an user if he doesnt exist already , assign him to a group and create a token for him .
add a code cell to the notebook
check preciseness of config settings
responsible for determining the current site instance to use when retrieving data for any siterelated models .
retrieve all the available system roles .
get a boto3 session
returns the profile form for a user : { % if request . user . is _ authenticated % } { % profile _ form request . user as form % } { { form } } { % endif % }
return a list of strings that contain state return data if a state function is already running .
returns true for a string or a non - nested tuple of strings
return create exceptions .
filter files older than age
helper to verify if verdana font is present
this function verifies that the dependencies that are needed by the framework core are met .
calculates a one - way chi square test .
create a summary table for the parameters
get the aws lambda notification service .
get list of installed apps in current site .
delete a tag .
reads an old config file and imports keys and user accounts .
checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
tries to match a route given an iterator .
generates a set of input record
perform shell / perl - style variable substitution on string .
parse the multipath line
returns the grade distribution per problem for the course course _ id the course id for the course interested in
save an image to file .
returns a scalar or an array of integer values over [ low , high ) .
queries systemd through dbus to see if the service is running
generate a unique filename for uploaded image .
create a maildir user directory if it doesnt already exist .
creates index with some specified mappings to begin with , all of which are applied to all projects , components , and registrations .
resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub .
automatically reload everything whose _ _ file _ _ begins with prefix .
prints out a brief summary of saves found in the default directory
load dataset from multiple files in svmlight format
initialize metric descriptors
sets multiple keys values at once .
decode a base32 encoded string .
parse a element within a tool dependency definition and return a list of action tuples .
generic method for making a datastore api call .
return a list of tags .
return eq with non - commutative objects replaced with dummy symbols .
broadcasts given arrays .
calculate detailed appstats data for a single request .
generate a signal as a sparse combination of dictionary elements .
add regexp function to sqlite connections .
returns a pseudo - randomly generated local unique prefix .
execute the information stored in a template file on the minion .
get the filename basename if the file is in the current working directory , otherwise return the original full name .
ensure default security group exists for a project _ id .
print the summary help message .
decorate the : meth : . baseprovider . login implementations with this decorator .
returns a dictionary of the settings module , with sensitive settings blurred out .
return the path to the icons directory
make a palette that blends between a list of colors .
get a list of index deletions needed for updating an entity .
decorator for handling the current page in the breadcrumbs .
work out which cpu architecture were running on
return a slug
gets metric by name from list in this module
return a security _ attributes structure with the sid set to the specified user .
returns the rabbitmq queue size .
make sure that empty lines are ignored by the c reader .
raise httperror if referer header does / does not match the given pattern .
adds extra parameters to existing ones controller action & extras are used to create the base url via
testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port
return an influxdb client object
return true iff both paths can be considered to point to the same module .
converts an arbitrary object c { obj } to a c { dict } .
downgrade assets db by removing the tick _ size column and renaming the multiplier column .
utility method to service queues for list of stacks .
get a pointer to the thread - local python random state .
return an instance of cls matching title and locale , or fall back to the default locale .
get and return list of matching rest api information by the given name and desc .
run migrations in online mode .
take a mul instance with operators and apply them to states .
this should do the right thing for both real and complex matrices .
get a list of import stage functions defined by plugins .
change the admin password for a server .
return a context manager used by captured _ stdout / stdin / stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream * stream _ name * with a stringio .
validate parsed client secrets from a file .
execute an arbitrary query on the specified database name
usage example : : { % feincms _ nav feincms _ page level = 1 as toplevel % }
create a new cluster under the specified datacenter in this vmware environment
call len ( ) on the given value .
read the file identified by path and import its yaml contents .
cache the output of the lambda function on disk and in ram
this injects a custom create _ tags method onto the ec2 service resource
a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required .
disable termination protection on a node
list all for u6s
returns the login form : { % login _ form as form % } { { form } }
return news - style full path to job - admin folder of names job or else the old cache path
get all instances that match all filters .
after attribute name
delete keyring for cluster
test loading multiple files simultaneously .
implement the math function * fn * using the llvm intrinsic * intrcode * .
find an element by its tagid .
builder for rebulk object .
this heuristic uses the following two assumptions on xi and eta . .
general function to handle any exception in ax code
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
transform an array with one flattened image per row , into an array in which images are reshaped and layed out like tiles on a floor .
only load if dependencies are loaded
resolve latest version
confine this module to non - rh / deb linux distros
decorator for wamp event handlers .
return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
execute several cleanup tasks as part of the cleanup .
standard signal hook to create x courses completed badges when a certificate has been generated .
convert a string version of a class name to the object .
a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
digs a new room , storing exit names on client
return subgraph communicability for all pairs of nodes in g .
callback for keys in selection dialog .
creates the database tables for all apps in installed _ apps whose tables havent already been created .
put all translations into a translations dict .
a helper function to update subsection grades in the database for each subsection containing the given block , and to signal that those subsection grades were updated .
create an lmdb
compute k such that eigenvalues ( a - dot ) = poles .
some groups were changed , update users principals .
copy a disk image to an existing directory
reorder qubit indices from largest to smallest .
returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start .
retrieve an hex color from the list of qiime colors
convert a qrectf into a tuple .
returns text - formatted histogram .
quote a string such that it will be interpreted as a single argument by the shell .
produce an inspection object for the given target .
convert a py _ buffer - providing object to a native array structure .
escapes a strings html
create a media as an empty node with a given name .
passes through if given a list of names .
p - tmsi reallocation command section 9 . 4 . 7
drops common suffixes like _ test . cc or - inl . h from filename .
add pillars output to positives .
check localization in line .
notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
create filter functions from a list of string parameters .
reload and wait until a new request is received .
downloads the output file from cloud storage and returns it as a string .
parse a columns command line argument into a four - tuple
return list of course registration codes as dictionaries .
create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set .
util for converting input x to tensor trying to create labels for columns if they are not provided .
select * k * individuals from the input * individuals * using * k * spins of a roulette .
update a yes / no setting in the ssh config file
determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards .
kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name
get derivative of the line from to given coordinates .
list all users
returns the number of google results for the specified input .
ensure that a volume is present .
function that creates an oauth client and fetches a token .
decodes a data packet .
get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order , with the id key first and name second .
join together sequences of strings into english - friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate .
negative binomial score - - type p likelihood from greene . .
return a mixedmodulestore configuration , which provides access to both mongo - backed courses .
checks the facet value limit is an integer within range .
delete all console authorizations belonging to the instance .
returns a path corresponding to the scheme .
decorator to require a content type in a handler .
updates the username of the user with the given user _ id .
mimics djangos error handler but adds static _ url to the context .
when creating a new user , make a profile for him .
get all appropriate newer changeset revisions for the repository defined by the received tool _ shed _ url / name / owner combination .
calculate the variance of the values of an n - d image array , optionally at specified sub - regions .
creates a string or int .
return / dev name of just about any dev
ensure a directory is present .
show the versions of all the installed apps
if supplied conda _ prefix is not set , default to the default location for miniconda installs .
inject axis argument into expression
a method to unpatch gevent libraries .
compute the number of sign variations of f in k [ x ] .
restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate .
get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
helper function for searching for a single channel with some error handling .
add a constant to be defined optionally add it to one of the sets for use in get / setopt checkers
iterate over primer3 output as bio . emboss . primer3 . record objects .
create an addon with the given name and his version .
normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings .
helper function used to test a single timer object under various conditions
return a function for solving a sparse linear system , with a pre - factorized .
retrieves the discovery _ doc from cache or the internet .
remove the ssh known hosts file for a machine .
moto decorators _ _ wrapped _ _ should get set to the tests function
create a random personcontact from the given locale .
bounce traffic server on the local node .
get the username and password from opts , grains , or pillar
stop the named container .
returns true if docstrings are disabled
checks whether a user has access to a local site given in the url .
create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable .
get a searchindex instance sub - class suitable for the specified type .
the normal state in between tags
create all required path elements and set umask on all
whether or not asset was active at the time corresponding to reference _ date _ value .
implements hadoop fs
a variant of np . can _ cast ( ) that can allow casting any integer to any real or complex type , in case the operation has mixed - kind inputs .
create an attachedvolume instance with the supplied parameters and return it .
returns the url for the thread _ list _ url field , given a list of topic _ ids
this is called to load the module as an ipython extension .
converts a python style member name to a json - c style name .
return a nice html document describing a given traceback .
try to find the source line of the given test thing .
file edit handler
fetch and store a webpay product icon .
write fine calibration information to a . dat file .
fetched the named secret .
retrieve or aggregate feature importances from estimator
remove the specified kernel module mod
return a message .
returns a list of imageclips representing each a separate object on the screen .
decorator that checks the numpy and cupy throw same errors .
return rabbitmq cluster _ status
return true if the provided user has system admin rule , false otherwise .
remove duplicate entries from sys . path along with making them absolute
calls create _ object generic view with a custom form class .
return the authentication backends with the specified id .
show the configuration options for a given port .
error when search for bogus ip
get the repository constructor .
reset multiprocessing logging setup .
read the element data of type : data : float
checks if file is excluded from the bad patterns check .
for a given course _ id , generate a csv file containing profile information for all students that are enrolled , and store using a reportstore .
return the first config file found .
convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
logs output of pip freeze for debugging .
setup the camera .
return the storage repository to hold iso images .
returns string representation of a single row .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
join path tokens together similar to osp . join , but always use / instead of possibly on windows .
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
add the x intersections for the loops .
returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
create a session to be used when connecting to icontrol rest .
local threshold of an image .
convenience function to create unit forms .
register language support with the manager .
unmount a filesystem .
takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary .
test automatic legend placement
updates the supplied module with a new get _ html function that wraps the output of the old get _ html function with additional information for admin users only , including a histogram of student answers , the definition of the xmodule , and a link to view the module in studio if it is a studio edited , mongo stored course .
decorator converts a caller function into a decorator
compute a hash using opensubtitles algorithm
template settings for a default system
create a new server instance that is either threaded , or forks or just processes one request after another .
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
builder for rebulk object .
backwards - compatibility shim for # 16288 fix .
associate a floating ip to a fixed _ ip by address .
sets up environment variables for a cgi .
show warning using tkinter if available
checks to see if original and new ttl and values match .
if theres a dummy variable , the predicted difference is taken at 0 and 1
generates the actual list of data .
generate args for player command .
look up top data in cobbler for a minion .
check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls .
parse an openssh ed25519 private key from a string into a raw private key .
removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame _ allowance .
a repr ( ) implementation that returns text safe to use in rest context .
prepare to run tests with gevent .
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider .
verifies that a requests args & vars have not been tampered with by the user
restful crud controller for the master message log
create network and run the cli
everything dispatches from this function .
return details about all elasticache replication groups .
compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set .
process the xml element .
set link for the list item
split a path at all path separaters , return list of parts
return cache for an alias
compare two sequences of lines ; generate the delta as a context diff .
format an options section using as rest formatted output
takes dictionary of parsed arguments 1 . returns sitetype and cachetype 2 .
which machines does the hypervisor have
extract op identifier services .
least common multiple between 2 integers .
generates and returns a : py : class : ~ altgraph . graph . graph instance that will have * steps * * * growth _ num * nodes and a scale free connectivity .
build all arch specific wininst installers .
shuffle a list .
purges the cache keys for the instances of this model .
reconstruct a python object from a file persisted with joblib . dump .
get the document from the file name .
light wrapper to handle strings and let files pass through .
training events controller
returns logger used by multiprocessing
takes ansible module object
set up the iss sensor .
returns list of files that fail the check .
determines if a given file or directory is hidden .
look for attrs with a truthy attribute _ _ command _ _ and add them to an attribute _ _ commands _ _ on the type that maps names to decorated methods .
import bookmarks from a netscape - bookmark - file v1 .
find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf
create a simple tree
pass in the required arguments for a payload , the enc type and the cmd , then a list of keyword args to generate the body of the load dict .
stacks a list of rank r tensors into a rank r + 1 tensor .
make a palette that blends from a deep gray to color .
when catching exceptions , mention specific exceptions whenever possible .
get app url from request
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . run inside a container context container container id cmd command to execute . .
ensure a zone has specific attributes .
fab - h username @ host deploy : appname , all
fixture providing a percentage widget .
disable internet access via python by preventing connections from being created using the socket module .
find the attribute name on the methods class which refers to the method .
load the us macro data and return a dataset class .
return true if the character should be escaped with body quopri .
parse the historical data in file handle fh from yahoo finance .
makes an insecure stub for an rpc service .
returns the validation schema object for the given models .
generates a url - safe token for the given user , action , time tuple .
raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is not * in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory / allocation object version 1 . 1 param rc : integer or string identifier for a resource class
return true if pyflakes required version is installed
check whether django - storage - swift is installed .
restful crud controller
given the output target and the list of things to do , first determine if any action is necessary at all , and if so , build or rebuild the asset .
project subprojects view and form view
create a qaction
grab mysql connection details
get the centers from the intersection loop .
formstyle for foundation 5 themes
get all instances stuck in a rebooting state .
returns a list of bookmark objects after a title search based on the given arg
click on the first editing button found and wait for the studio editor to be present .
converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent , and returns the result .
returns a random string / key of " b " characters in length , defaults to 5
generates a ctypes function that returns a double value .
compound _ statement : lbrace statement _ list rbrace
return a dictionary indicating the throttle options .
return a list of all job ids
wrapper around c _ extract _ out that initializes py _ name from storage .
given the stdout output generated by tadm when training a model , return a numpy array containing the corresponding weight vector .
if debugging is enabled , write the given string to the debug file
clip a gcode linear move text .
return a list of the vms that in this location
disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer
initiate a request for credit from a credit provider .
display the progress page .
fetches the thread for the given exploration id and thread id .
derivative of the inequality constraints
decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
get the version from git .
expansion using formula .
find a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g .
only load if the npm module is available in _ _ salt _ _
returns a pyobject object for the given code
unlink all four items associated with this renewablecert .
delete an alert specified by alert _ id or if not specified blows away all the alerts in the current deployment .
propagate the temporary registers between instructions and remove them if necessary .
increments element in dictionary , setting it to one if it doesnt exist .
returns true if a segment could be a failed upload .
return a file descriptor from a file object .
yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n
get weights for each offset in str of certain max length .
return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion
create a : class : pyramid . i18n . localizer object corresponding to the provided locale name from the translations found in the list of translation directories .
returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly
update fail2ban - python link to current python version
return a tuple for all locale directories , optionally including the django core catalog .
check that currently logged - in user has specified permission on the provied resource .
quality filtering and truncation of flowgrams , followed by denoiser phase i .
execute a salt convenience routine .
execute a modules code without importing it
display a message string .
create or modify a role policy .
walk the new directories list and make sure that permissions are as we would expect
return information on a file located on the moose
saves an event to the database .
api to handle commit hooks from gitlab .
average pooling 1d .
scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers
build a well - formatted ipvsadm command based on kwargs .
return an unconfigured crawler object .
returns a style object with the color scheme .
computes the mean average precision at k .
write sequence and quality fasta and fasta qual filehandles if sequence length is 0 , dont write
get comparison in order to sort loop areas in ascending order of area .
removes a stored directory and all files stored beneath that path .
remove the dots from the given data structure
render preferences page & & save user preferences
embed a section of content from any read the docs page .
this function takes an inputsource and an optional base url and returns a fully resolved inputsource object ready for reading .
error handler for shutil . rmtree that tries to add write privileges
return a sorted list of the mapping keys in the string s .
format an exception with traceback , but only the last x frames .
retrieve url and return content timeout sets non - standard timeout
get an auth token
show detail for a single personal access token
retrieves all messages .
generate a _ indptr ; stored in out .
if p is a scalar , compute the pth power of each element of the matrix mat , otherwise raise each element of the matrix mat to the power given by the corresponding element of the matrix p .
load social auth current user data to context .
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
unzip the file to the destination location .
set seed for both numpy and tensorflow .
search for a jar that is used by nltk .
helper for assert _ * ports
checks if the given file is in the local filesystem .
set the remote login to either on or off .
akaike information criterion
context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
ajax only view : unhelpful vote survey processing .
return the max volume for a meter .
embed album art into all of the albums items .
get the first word of a line .
match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
setup the roku platform .
override django send _ mail function to allow use of custom email headers .
grab the name of the binary were running in .
unzip a length n sequence of length m sequences into m seperate length n sequences .
return the type a pointer points to .
writes down back reference files , which include a thumbnail list of examples using a certain module
return first n items of an iterable .
only works on windows systems
disable nova libvirt driver event thread .
locate a filename into the shader library .
complete using a list of completion rules
applies exact match filtering to an instance query .
return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix .
get a random subset of the provided objs .
rebuild entry with given path prefix
get the centers from the points .
used as the io handler for subsequent requests .
clean up my monkey patching
returns a short string hash for a given int .
this function is basically a call to tensor . get _ scalar _ constant _ value .
return a json representation of a python string
recursive version of the default dict . update
return image magick version or none if it is unavailable
apply some temporary fixes .
upload public key to cloud provider .
issue a warning , or maybe ignore it or raise an exception .
return whether the connection represents a mysql db .
validator for manifest depends .
dumps data about students with due date extensions for a particular module , specified by url , in a particular course .
ensure that only the given hostnames are associated with the given ip address .
convert a custom formatted token to a pem - formatted token .
update tags for an amazon resource .
add the given targets to the given rule
convert a sequence to a bytes type
return the log file for the specified test
this code looks for the current window , and gets python to check it without actually executing any code
takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string using values from the dictionary .
write torrent data to file , and change permissions accordingly .
helper method to avoid referencing objects . keypairlist on import .
return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port .
list currently installed psget modules on the system .
initialize the qwebhistoryinterface .
return the value wrapped by the atom .
return the cumulative product of the elements along a given axis .
split data into fractions [ prob , 1 - prob ]
get a path with only the points that are far enough away from each other .
custom formstyle for filters on the incident summary page
given a list of codes as returned by chars _ to _ ranges , return an re which will match a character in any of the ranges .
setup the binary sensor platform fo enocean .
create an invalid image .
compute the likelihood of a rank rank dataset
read in file , screen out unsafe unicode characters
insert a pair of points around a pair of grid points .
the django orm creates new instances of objects for each db request .
gets a entry from the rrrather api and cleans up the data
converts seconds into a time label truncated to its most significant units .
remove a user .
multiply the inputs .
return format name of given stream .
construct the db string that gdal will use to inspect the database .
ensure that the named host is absent name
solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode
process the resulting . plist file from the test and generate the html results
return the system font directories for x11 .
calculate number of themes to check out based on how many themes user currently has checked out .
parses as websocket url into its components and returns a tuple .
get the path to http - prompt executable .
convenience function to convert the netmask to the cidr subnet length
return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
returns true / false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
compute the power spectral density using welchs method .
modify the given context in place based on the overwrite _ context .
add a asset group in database
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
test a line profile using an ndim = 3 image
runs the oauthgetrequesttoken cgi .
insert new _ items into the beginning of the doc
delete a question
return the current ui object .
convert a loc to an eeg loc .
before hook for capturing responder arguments .
non - blocking event loop .
read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted
convert transformation parameters into a transformation matrix .
remove and purge do identical things but with different pacman commands , this function performs the common logic .
yield messages from a csv file , using the header to figure out what the data means .
apply fixes needed for web and cros targets
read the magical res4 file .
list the raid devices .
parse a string representing a category , and returns a tuple with the ccg variable for the category
append translated dict in frappe . local . response
adds a dependency to the loader
get users configuration directory .
tests fasta filepath to determine if valid format input _ fasta _ fp : fasta filepath
shows the plot .
given a volume , return information for qos provisioning .
derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y
cie - lch to cie - lab color space conversion .
type _ specifier : void | char | short | int | long | float | double | signed | unsigned | struct _ or _ union _ specifier | enum _ specifier | typeid
string manipulation garbage .
recursively clone json structure with utf - 8 dictionary keys URL
idc delete view
allows for submission of xforms by odk collect URL
start the python execution server in a subprocess
seek current file to next byte after a delimiter bytestring
a helper to set the default value for a key in the registry
compute the log of the wishart distribution normalization term .
return list of css lines ready to be pasted
generates a random name ; useful for testing .
get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built - in support
check status of master links
loads courses from options . imports _ dir .
fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
returns the active app instance .
returns a single module loaded raw and bypassing the _ _ virtual _ _ function . .
creates model comprised of 2 convolutional layers followed by dense layers dense _ layer _ sizes : list of layer sizes .
remove all patches installed by the httreplay library and end replay .
prevent use _ thousand _ separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value
return the global nsapplication instance
site wide sync _ stores
return the status for the specified recipient .
only load the module if apache is installed
take a snapshot of a mayavi scene and project channels onto 2d coords .
push to a , then to b .
returns true if address is the link - local all - servers multicast address .
naive check if given url is really a url .
make a map from caseid to list of preg indices .
coerce value to a datetime date , if set or not nullable
if the learner has changed modes , update assigned cohort iff the course is using the automatic verified track cohorting mvp feature .
finds the subsets of size k in lexicographic order .
convert string into an object value of value _ type .
replaces the old suffix of the original string by a new suffix
max - norm output regularization removes the neurons of current layer .
return the number x formatted in engineering notation with si prefix .
restful crud controller
statement : name equals number
convenience method that works with all 2 . x versions of python to determine whether or not something is stringlike .
mocks all the attributes as well as the to _ dict
get the current alternate setting of the interface .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
get the round .
function to update the viewer with a new visible batch .
internal utility for cumulative sum with label .
this hook is invoked before the generators . categories property is filled in .
displays updating entries of software packages
ensure that all keys present in files _ current are also present in files _ versions .
create an new media library object .
formats the option list display .
only load if grafana is available .
for date values that are tomorrow , today or yesterday compared to present day returns representing string .
returns a theano mode that detects if any negative value occurs in the evaluation of a theano function .
catches the signal that a course has been published in studio and sets the verified mode dates to defaults .
test volume stcs
the utility method for ofs _ nbits
default task execution strategy .
wsgi middleware to install the instrumentation .
get a users brands and recommend based on them .
converts a list of entries into a dictionary where key = path value = weight
parse a dict out of the given manifest section string .
perform a gluster - - xml command and log result .
return user dict from server or none if there is no user .
since conda is installed into non - root environments as a symlink only and because sys . prefix follows symlinks , this function can be used to get the unfollowed sys . prefix .
if the input array is 2d return it , if it is 1d , append a dimension , making it a column vector .
knowledge item edit page
add instance type access for project .
formats labels for embedding into a message , with format according to header name .
whitespace normalization : - strip empty lines - strip trailing whitespace
images - grad - cudamat of deltas / gradients of loss wrt layer outputs .
return a mode value , normalized to a string and containing a leading zero if it does not have one .
write a script that processes the show _ version output using the show _ version package
return program credentials data required for display .
this is for python 2 . x and 3 . x compatibility .
check if all files in commasep list exist comma _ sep _ fps : list of filenames as comma - separated string
unload metadefinitions from database
write a catalog to the specified file - like object using the gnu mo file format .
replacement for cinder . volume . volume _ types . get _ volume _ type _ by _ name .
enable or disable traceback clearing .
convenience wrapper around inspect . getargspec
alternative implementation to the built - in date template filter which also accepts the date string in iso - 8601 as passed in by the rest serializers .
reject data segments using peak - to - peak amplitude .
unixtime is seconds since the epoch
convert integer in n from host - byte order to network - byte order .
probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 .
set video track .
only load if modifying repos is available for this package type
list the functions for all returner modules .
check dipole sizes .
convert the date of the changeset to a human - readable date .
frees a slave from its master .
return the network device with mac mac _ address .
local response normalization across neighboring channels .
returns the zookeeper connection host string .
returns the node boundary of nbunch1 .
regression test for URL
return predefined volume info .
show parsed configuration
checks that the response returned successfully .
return the published categories .
factorize density check according to li et al .
test / exercise serverenvironment on ec2 instance .
return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto - adding
display output for the salt - run virt . query function
check if wtforms field has error without checking its children .
send a message expecting no reply .
decorator ensuring that the user has access to the workflow action .
returns the ith column of a matrix
compatibility wrapper to help migrate acl syntax from version 1 to 2 .
queue and email after user has made their first non - osf4m project public .
splits the string path to a class into a string path to the module and the name of the class .
get the sync _ num , which is number to sync .
build and load a : class : pyalgotrade . barfeed . googlefeed . feed using csv files downloaded from google finance .
returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
set refs for the remote branch version
split a domain name into its constituent labels .
raise an error if the clip has no duration .
get list of lines from file
solve c x = b for x , where c is a circulant matrix .
compute receiver operating characteristic
returns true if l has any duplicates .
get the line dictionary .
splits camelcase and converts to lower case .
write a ndarray to tensorfile .
if holiday falls on saturday , use following monday instead ; if holiday falls on sunday , use monday instead
disable a job in the minions schedule
given a url path , remove extra / s and . path elements and collapse any . . references and returns a colllapsed path .
generate an accept header value [ str or ] - > str
check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start _ key .
converts the template annotated body for being used in the ui .
create a manager for the reverse side of a many - to - one relation .
return the version string defined in _ _ init _ _ . py
list roles for user user : string username
temporarily disable console output .
attempts the specified number of double - edge swaps in the graph g .
return the name of the tag , taking it from the key attribute , if present .
rearrange image blocks into columns .
get the restful / studio url for testing the given library
make an initial pass across a set of states for delete .
move data from the node with a larger load to the other one .
sample _ metadata : 2d dictionary mapping sample ids to metadata state _ category : metadata category name describing state of interest as a string state _ values : ordered list of values of interest in the state _ category metadata entry individual _ identifier _ category : metadata category name describing the individual as a string metadata _ categories : metadata categories to extract from sample _ metadata process _ f : function to apply to metadata values returns { metadata - category - 1 : { individual - identifier - 1 : [ difference - in - metadata - value - bw - states - 2 - and - 1 , difference - in - metadata - value - bw - states - 3 - and - 2 , individual - identifier - 2 : [ difference - in - metadata - value - bw - states - 2 - and - 1 , difference - in - metadata - value - bw - states - 3 - and - 2 ,
wrap generate _ tokens to catch eof errors
sampling version of p
give list of recommendations
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond4 .
return the image object to use
send a notification about an instance .
render a genshi template .
this function is very os dependant .
return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex
returns a sizer for a bytes field .
provide a testsuite to the discovery process .
helper function which parses ssh - keygen - f and ssh - keyscan function output and yield dict with keys information , one by one .
deletes a logger and all its entries .
returns true if python is running from within an app on osx .
marks a user as online
cleanup the securedrop temp directory .
return an : obj : ordereddict describing a domain
return the current indentation level .
clear any alerts that might still exist , so that the next scenario will not fail due to their existence .
sets up the kill handler , catches sigint
return parallel arrays containing oids and summaries .
disable qwidget updates
escape text to deal with possible locale values that have regex syntax while allowing regex syntax used for comparison .
return a dict of all hook scripts provided .
sharedvariable constructor for cudandarraytype .
smooth an image with a linear function , ignoring masked pixels
test gamma map inverse
option change callback for null / inf behaviour
get extrude output for a cylinder gear .
transform from equations to matrix form .
create a bunch of sequences of various lengths , all built from a fixed set of patterns .
read in the json dataset file and write it out to a csv file , given the column names .
generates xml for the instance of the specified field .
cull inappropriate matches .
get a string value from the registry .
exports stats in json format .
given a string containing a nominal type , returns a tuple of the possible values .
tell - - relay to when is around .
override of the guardian get _ users _ with _ perms
add a request to the queue , to communicate with the gui .
utility method to retrieve a list of flavors .
calculates some cluster statistics .
this pops you into a pdb instance where arg is the data passed in from the filter .
get a spice console to a server .
decorate a method that supports the new - style api only .
check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port .
check if an instance is still booting , where booting is defined as either a pending or rebooting instance that is expected to become running .
setup insteon hub component .
returns a list of topic trees that are not linked to courseware .
parse bson codec options .
helper method to parse out an html5 source into the ideas
rebuild the ancestor path of all roles in the ou hierarchy a person entity defines .
parse asdl from the given file and return a module node describing it .
return true if the node is referencing the " super " builtin function
set up the zabbix sensor platform .
get the start and end of the relevant audit usage period
sort a dict and yield pairs .
return list of registry keys .
turn all nested sequences to tuples in given sequence .
if we migrate from an older version , its a migration from audittrail
load the model with saved tables
checks version of cuckoo .
pass data through to stringio module and return result
validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
setup / update active _ tag values with dict - like data .
set a value in a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
creates an appropriate message asking the user to confirm the given vote for the given object description .
retrieves auser by its email address .
helper function to format and parse node data .
require oracle jdk to be installed .
generates ordered partitions of integer n .
prepares an http objects request method for auth .
return the cassandra version
decorator to re - establish and re - run the api if session has expired .
drop index from db and remove index from sqlalchemy table metadata .
waits for io events to be available from a list of sockets or optionally a single socket if passed in .
return z - scores for convergence diagnostics .
removes the local backup file .
matches translated string ( s ) to source
return true if matrix is symmetric and hollow , otherwise false .
element - wise square root .
copy files from a remote host to another remote host using netcat .
function to translate a phrase using the dictionary passed in
fully justify a text so that it fits inside width .
computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix .
validate that the course explicitly sets values for any fields whose defaults may have changed between the export and the import .
send email to given user
scite or sc1
export custom field and property setter for the current document to the app folder .
reads control points for face alignment .
this differs from the python implementation , in that it returns the request structure in dict format instead of the method , params .
default morphological tagging rules for english , based on word suffixes .
test file downloading over ftp .
coerce value to a bool , if set or not nullable .
return the query based on include _ self param
install june package .
non blocking send .
helper to convert various things to a set
tidy a string with markup and return only the contents .
attach error pages declared in config .
makes the html table for one set of charts
find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
dynamically creates an image type handler for the specified image type
make sure that translated fields , such as product names , are correctly sorted
generate anti - aliased circle perimeter coordinates .
check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available , check if its process corresponding to the current executable
return the diamond graph .
compare two tuples of quantities .
generates a flat , square - shaped structuring element .
installs the given image on the device .
bencodes the object .
checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
return a list of current port trees managed by poudriere
format a datetime , just like the built - in strftime , but with localized words .
returns data retrieved from a url .
build a query that matches objects with a content type that matches an action .
delete the given draft .
get the complex rotation from the split gcode line .
test mne inverse warning without average eeg projection .
returns a summary list of hosts .
delete a resource .
exprs is a list of list of expr to evaluate
function to approximate by polynomial interpolation
function to extract log node dictionaries into a list of python dictionaries and return the list as well as the final node
loads the world bank health dataset , slices and a dashboard
return matching full file / folder names in folder path
encrypts a password .
turn a 10 - tuple as returned by parsedate _ tz ( ) into a posix timestamp .
expand the database schema ahead of data migration .
generate the python module containing build - time variables .
simple ldap auth
send a message to a mattermost room .
convert numpy scalars to floats before storing in sqlite .
required method to auto register this checker
sets a cache - control header .
join both segment tables and put the join into the intotable .
group delete view
remove hosts from an acl group .
make a template class for method * attr * of * typ * overloaded by overload _ func * .
returns task execute status in json format .
inplace column scaling of a csr matrix .
it computes the normalized average absolute difference between predicted and actual ratings for users .
returns longest prefix of regex which consists of literal characters .
extraction method for stock movements report
checks a file is executable
save a modified document
convert a pandas index or multiindex to an axis label .
send signal from sender to all connected receivers .
pick an asset type at random .
given a tvdb _ id , return a list of all the scene exceptions .
expand the : setting : task _ routes setting .
check whether rabbitmq users permissions need to be changed .
url for direct jpg use .
handles the indicated request directly , without additional processing .
return virtual disk size of qcow2 image
return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
get the default rm .
returns a client connected to the keystone backend .
create a directory on the target device .
sets modified on one object at a time .
return the announcements context for the browser pages sidebar .
make sure that a path is actually a string of nodes with connected ports returns true if path is valid
reload saved scheduled jobs on the minion
find a cloud load balancer by id or name
parse date format similar to rfc 822 , but the comma after the dayname is optional and month / day are inverted
transforms a given matrix to a lower triangle matrix by performing row operations on it .
return the mercurial file context for a specified file .
ensure that the named tablespace is present with the specified properties .
set the given properties on a cgsnapshot and update it .
returns a dict containing limited details of a certificate and whether the certificate has expired .
given a path , a list of exclude patterns , and a list of inclusion patterns : 1 .
dump a certificate request to a buffer
add list of doctypes this doctype is linked with .
return the signal with baseline removed .
check api key or nzbkey
decodes a value using base64 and deserializes it from json .
retrieve the given oid
try to install the rewrite hook , raise systemerror if it fails .
return minutes : seconds until pause ends
set the given properties on an cluster and update it .
run migrations in online mode .
create a widget object if one is available for the current user perspective
converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary , returning a tuple .
a paginated version of listdir .
momentarily freeze the clip at time t .
determine if the loop should be reversed .
group data into a number of common clusters data - - 2d array of data points .
performs simplification by introducing permutationoperators where appropriate .
return a configured oslo _ messaging notifier .
tests if empty stats is initialized when translation project is added for a project with existing but empty template translation project .
convert a nova instance object to an os - vif instance object
return the first configured instance .
pull out the nth key kind from a key which has parents .
read artemis123 data as raw object .
isinstance ( ) can accept a bunch of really annoying different types : a single type a tuple of types an arbitrary nested tree of tuples
date / time format according to iso 8601
linearly interpolates values in new _ x based on the values in x and y .
create a new figure manager instance
change the default login class of the user . .
return the ip address of the current host .
check reports to be sent monthly
detrend the array x .
it reads the configuration options from the command line arguments and it returns a dict with them .
get valuation method from item or default
stores array in into group grp of h5 file f under name name
increase knot multiplicity .
convert a set of images to grayscale .
check if jsondata has the structure of a keystore file version 3 .
set up & run a publisher , and return a dictionary of document parts .
calculates per language stats for project
emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string .
probe sni server for ssl certificate .
find child nodes by tag ; pass each through a constructor .
enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished .
this is just like execute _ java except that it returns a processhandler rather than a return code .
create a new enum subclass that replaces a collection of global constants
returns a heterogeneous list of tensor _ dim for the tensor .
get libvlc _ event _ manager from this media list instance .
parse a standard pam config file
returns internal server error
generic top - level archive of date - based objects .
return the value for a particular xattr
resolve host and port into list of address info entries .
the entry point for cloudformation high level commands .
backup the current state
decorator which applies django caching to a function .
create view frustum
the restful handler for xblock requests .
checking the average amount of data in megabytes written to the recovery log in the last four seconds
complemented incomplete gamma integral .
test annotation class .
return async connection to amazon sqs .
responds to user - input , typically speech text , by telling a joke .
amend the global configuration object with command line options .
expression _ opt : expression
format a file or block device
embraces complete query with zero - versioned comment
parse a ini config with profiles .
renders an activity stream as a list into the templates context .
estimate error plus ridge penalty on beta
get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . py
prints the repr of a string .
check whether all the current wants are satisfied by a set of haves .
returns an instanceelement if it makes sense , otherwise leaves the object untouched .
get all workers that match given criteria .
return the : class : module instance named by module .
interface to the systems uname command .
return permutations of [ 0 , 1 , . . . , n - 1 ] such that each permutation differs from the last by the exchange of a single pair of neighbors .
apply a transform function to portion of selected features
generate indices parameter for seed based connectivity analysis .
low - level implementation of gegenbauer polynomials .
tests whether two token are equal .
generate a repository installation directory that guarantees repositories with the same name will always be installed in different directories .
enumerates an open registry key as an iterable generator
return a list of available hashing algorithms .
get the current kernel context .
look for the vdis that are attached to the vm .
alias for cache _ local :
parses xml file by a given handler
check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive - definite .
generate server info for dumb file access .
returns an asynchronousrequest object for the given function .
given geographic coordinates , return a x , y tuple in spherical mercator .
creates an argument spec that can be used with any module that will be requesting content via urllib / urllib2
given a list of page numbers and none page breaks , return a list of pagelink objects .
given 2 country instances , deduplicate dup _ country and its references .
emulate python 2 . 3s xmlcharrefreplace encoding error handler .
when pointed to after a shortcodes name in a shortcode tag , parses the shortcodes arguments until % } } .
tests the effects of changing the temperature of the cmb
return the hypervisors capability of setting mount points .
calculate the defines for a project .
given integers x and m , m > 0 , such that x / m is small in absolute value , compute an integer approximation to m * exp .
mimic vbs getobject ( ) function .
returns a level description as a dictionary .
determine the best available locale .
mangle sequence of c type names
construct the arguments for declaring a queue .
decorator to add a default structuring element to morphology functions .
get iptc information from tiff , jpeg , or iptc file .
run the cygcheck executable .
run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename
create a technical server error response .
fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found .
sends message to skype , use skype api syntax .
find player based on tag or category .
clean - up a message subject - line .
sync custom modules into the extension _ modules directory
generates a network with connected recordsensor , sp , tp .
takes a youtube video id and returns the embed markup .
get a list of resource classes .
get the default group type .
replaces all occurances of nt slashes ( ) in provided filepath with posix ones ( / ) > > > nttoposixslashes c : / windows
similar to cross ( ) , but generates output dictionaries instead of tuples .
send the confirmation / welcome e - mail to an invited user .
parse responses using the specified processor and the right args .
decodes a base64 encoded string , adding back any trailing equal signs that might have been stripped .
based on the configuration wrap app in a set of common and useful middleware .
fix when activate _ this . py does not exist .
adds a deprecated argument with the name argument _ name .
case types : restful crud controller
look for the end of a dict in a set of lines
check that the user has write access to the treeio . core module
determine if class2 is the " best " match for class1 in the list of classes .
read an image from a file as an array .
reads the images in a given folder , resizes images on the fly if size is given .
remove group type access for project .
convert the first weight matrix of . npz file to . pdf by using tl . visualize . w ( ) .
set the base decoder path , add it to sys . path for importing , and walk it to return all subpaths
generate a random lower string with alpha chars
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 dictionaries .
return at dyadic points k / 2 * * j from filter coefficients .
docstring for plot _ contribution
check whether a given device path is a partition or a full disk .
the reverse of : func : parse _ locale .
when arg is a number times pi then return the number normalized to be in the range [ 0 , 2 ] , else none .
return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror
gather load per cpu from / proc / stat
test cropping raw files .
parametric risch differential equation - special part of the denominator .
factory that returns a pprint function used by the default pprint of dicts and dict proxies .
setup the transmission sensors .
decorator to clean and prevent interaction when not available
this function takes a word , such as test and returns ( test ,
returns the number of devices connected .
context manager to catch signals
enable an upstart service .
raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity _ type .
create a new toolshed repository
authenticates the user / pwd / otp _ entry combination .
helper for validation methods .
process a complete data set and save it as a tfrecord .
gets info from nvml for the given device
get user account details login : string login name hashes : boolean include nthash and lmhash in verbose output
yield all of the documentation for trait definitions on a class object .
function decorator that pauses tracing functions
return the degree - degree correlation over all edges .
return the base type with name name .
with colorless output , an unsuccessful outline scenario should print beautifully .
return an uninterpolated path relative to $ bindir .
get the key for a location in a policy file .
sets up le dirs in parent _ dir and returns the config dict
replace the standard socket object with gevents cooperative sockets .
updates ret iff there was a failure or in test mode .
restful crud controller
returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable .
checks if the current user has permission _ codename permissions for a given directory .
get a queue name for a given topic + host .
output the data in lines , very nice for running commands
check that import - > export leaves the course the same
parse stub configuration arguments , which are strings of the form " key = val " .
use python to download the file , without connection authentication .
pretty simple and crude function to find the artist page on metacritic , then parse that page to get critic & user scores for albums
declare a test to only be run if subscription testing is enabled .
order - preserving sorting function .
return a symbolic row variable .
split a pathname into drive and path .
encodes all unicode characters to their percent - encoding representation in both the path portion and query parameter portion of the given url .
apply an arbitrary geometric transform .
encodes a string for sgml / xml / html
confirm the new email for the user .
when arg is convertible to float , behave like operator . itemgetter
produces an upper triangular matrix of dimension dim from the elements of the given vector .
a hook on the accesstoken .
check whether the gw ip address is invalid on the subnet .
given a valid config , update a trail .
join relative urls to base urls like urllib . parse . urljoin but support arbitrary uris ( esp .
return the page number from the provided params after verifying that it is an positive integer .
caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days
retrieves container information .
remove http user and password
stop the specified service on the rest _ sample . .
load and return a environment from a given yaml string
get the target url for the comment form .
normalize the given uri .
internal function to install the module finder .
returns figure for a triangulated surface plot
start a launchd service .
get all valid output directories for the core file and the report .
convert a map from group - > counter name - > amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary , with no trailing newline .
run a hook command .
return a stable hash for a python data structure .
enforces authorization of some rules against credentials .
creates a graph from saved graphdef file and returns a saver .
represent the open , close as a bar line and high low range as a vertical line .
repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis , like np . repeat .
return the path portion of a url .
renders a template , caching where it can .
filter a list of versions to ones that are valid semvers , if a prefix is provided , only match versions starting with the prefix and split
download addon / deck from ankiweb .
return a " loose " mock , meaning it has no spec to constrain calls on it .
loads a demo exploration .
interactively probe an existing model .
convert an rgb image into cartesian dkl space .
parse the server / portal restart status
return whether cls is a subclass of class _ info .
helper to configure a command class , but not run it just yet .
poll the transaction log for the given namespace _ id until timeout expires , and yield each time new entries are detected .
compare the text of two files , ignoring eol differences , and save a copy if they differ
converts | path | to a path relative to | toplevel _ dir | .
accepts a filename and attempts to load the emacs variable declarations from that file , simulating what emacs does .
refresh stats by polling memcached server
append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string .
deserialize a stream or string of yaml data .
use as a decorator to wrap methods that update cell information in the database to make sure the data is synchronized immediately .
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
read amf l { message } header from the stream .
code that runs when an unhandled error occurs
render the initial financial assistance page .
utility stuff to convert string , int , float , none or anything to a usable tuple .
expected simple _ tag _ without _ context _ parameter _ _ doc _ _
return the signature for a message dictionary .
helper function for the matrix of streaming tests using screed via filter - abund - single , i . e . uncompressed fasta , gzip fasta , bz2 fasta , uncompressed fastq , etc .
packing setup for windows 32 / 64 .
dump certificate chain into a bundle .
the contribution of row x _ i to the gradient of the direction - w variance
this function takes a bytestring or a unicode object as its input , and it outputs a bytestring that is utf - 8 encoded .
utility that computes np . add . at ( )
list users belonging to this account
check whether or not the parse _ dates parameter is a non - boolean scalar .
gets a free port by opening a socket , binding it , checking the assigned port , and then closing it .
return an attribute from a dotted path name .
load the iris dataset
this is traceback . extract _ stack from python 2 . 7 with this change : - comment the update of the cache .
generate columndatasource for text representation of donut levels .
a task to acquire the render document lock
factor square - free polyomials in z [ x ] .
return the first index of b in a .
a version of shutil . copyfileobj that will not read more than size bytes .
this function is used to check if node - jscs dependencies are installed and pass jscs binary path .
returns fallocate reserve _ value as an int or float .
resolve the map by the provided typename and check the optional permission .
default action on openid signin success
plist : plist comma pitem | pitem
return the most recent comments .
get the points in the neighborhood of a point .
tokenization / string cleaning for all datasets except for sst .
return list of fields given path relative to model .
resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again .
credential key repository is not setup correctly .
return the real host for the given wsgi environment .
download one or more files from a remote host .
returns a temporary file name .
caculates and kicks off indexing tasks
temporarily change the contexts error model .
read gpi format files .
returns the array module for arguments .
helper parse action to convert tokens to lower case .
returns a tuple representing the major , minor and revision number of the server .
return true if focus maintenance under tkagg on win32 is on .
assign a certificate to an iis binding .
stops a proces that contains arg1 and is filtered by arg2
generate pairs of matched files for display in interdiffs .
print extra information about integrate . quad ( ) parameters and returns .
adds the given collections to the search index .
verifies a string cypher with the public key key
installs missing dependencies and marks them as auto installed so they are removed when no more manually installed packages depend on them .
decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin .
a helper function for the _ style class .
ensure the rackspace queue exists .
call the given command ( s ) .
ensure that the where is a term or a list of term this makes sure that we are capturing the scope of variables that are passed create the terms here with a frame _ level = 2
create helpwindow ; called from idle help event handler .
registers a model for signal - based live - indexing .
returns all user preferences as a json response .
jedi should follow imports in certain conditions
return a list of elements of seq [ i ] with the lowest func scores .
block with objects subscriptions
write file contents to output root .
returns indices of maximum elements obtained by iterating over given axis .
given a filename this will try to calculate the python path , add it to the search path and return the actual module name that is expected .
coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible
get the lines from a given xml file .
copies the source virtual disk to the destination .
return the subset of the list names that match pat
try to log the user in , or register a user .
applies algorithm from yt section 6 . 2 page 20 related to complex pairs
resolve conflicting actions
close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit .
decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once .
apply spatial transformer predictor to previous image .
iterates over edges in a breadth - first search .
show a command widget
uses the word2nums and num2words dicts to look up synonyms for the given word .
install flocker package on centos and rhel .
create a tar file from all the files under base _ dir .
verifies the issued at and expiration from a jwt payload .
return fathead redirect entries for a fathead title .
for a given course _ id , generate a csv file containing information about proctored exam results , and store using a reportstore .
summarize what the message tells us directly about the mua .
fetches a list of all routers for a tenant
generates moving average for all losses
gets a paykey from paypal .
returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
returns a storage object with all the cookies in it .
get and decompress a wabs url
xors every item in the array with key and returns it .
return a dict describing specific volume _ type .
sum the diagonal entries of an operator .
panel hac robust covariance matrix
register provider _ factory to make providers for loader _ type loader _ type is the type or class of a pep 302 module . _ _ loader _ _ , and provider _ factory is a function that , passed a * module * object , returns an iresourceprovider for that module .
iterate a list of sources and process them as templates .
attach a json points representation to each object of the queryset .
direct product of two bsgs base1 base of the first bsgs .
similar to smart _ bytes , except that lazy instances are resolved to strings , rather than kept as lazy objects .
returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed .
award type controller
push item onto heap , maintaining the heap invariant .
solve a polynomial system using gianni - kalkbrenner algorithm .
compute the rbf kernel between x and y : :
support array type creation by slicing , e . g . double [ : , : ] specifies a 2d strided array of doubles .
the can be of the form : : drz - : r : / _
split into commutative and non - commutative parts .
sets the common productserializer .
same mocked backend as other aws _ cf _ simple tests , but marginally different config
make sure that the code snippet is compilable .
simple view to echo back extra content - type parameters .
sample a random integer between low and high , both inclusive .
page rendered by template simple _ examples / index3 . html or generic . html
check a value for being a valid wamp uri .
turns checkbox option on or true to value _ on ( 1 ) any other value returns value _ off ( 0 )
splits some text into words .
create a deterministic threadpool .
return the unicode text read from the test snippet file having snippet _ file _ name * .
gather initial data from the form into a dict .
extracts value of the specified field from provider _ location string .
returns the path to the gpg binary
explode annotation _ tags into annotations .
returns the | xcodearchsdefault | object to use to expand archs for the installed version of xcode .
returns an array of shape for use with gpke .
normalize the excluded directory list : must be either an absolute path or start with rootpath , otherwise it is joined with rootpath with trailing slash
sabotage djangos fascist linguistical regime .
converts a time _ re compatible life span string , raises an exception if it is not compatible
marks series and episodes that have expired since we cached them
return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group .
infer the configuration from the json document .
this little hack returns a densified row when iterating over a sparse matrix , instead of constructing a sparse matrix for every row that is expensive .
convert a grade to source space vertices for a given subject .
delete network by label or id .
returns the custom logging handler modules
check if the node is being used as an iterator .
only load if boto is available .
remove the given overlay from the your locally installed overlays .
manage links to references .
return the appropriate initialized exception class for a response .
get a course runs data from the course catalog service .
takes a list of emailaddress instances and cleans it up , making sure only valid ones remain , without multiple primaries etc .
convert an array of characters from middle - endian to big - endian and vice - versa .
a version of re . compile which memoizes and optionally keeps track of timing data
return the queryset of deprecated xblock types .
reverse order of displayed items .
return a context manager used by captured _ stdout and captured _ stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream * stream _ name * with a stringio .
this function encapsulates serialization , and ensures that any final steps needed before syncing
creates a volume .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
simple helper method to parse and clean json
this is the main test function called via python setup . py test .
return the first configured instance .
ensures that circular references between an event on an instance and the handling delegate dont call leaks and dont release too soon
helper to test _ as _ meg _ type _ evoked .
modify all coaches of ccx courses so that they have the staff role on the
this is used to reconstruct units when passed around by multiprocessing .
documents an individual method .
return a new section as html , with the given name and a time stamp .
ensure iptable rule exists .
return network timezones from db
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string
sends a notification via rpc .
upsample a data array by block replication .
if the given value is c { _ unspecified } , return c { default } ; otherwise return
decorator for skipping migrations in offline mode .
return the hardware address ( a . k . a .
class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re - usable permission checks : :
check if current line contains an out - of - line method definition .
advanced indexing for sequences .
add an mac access authentication _ signature to headers .
if the write lock is there , check to see if the file is actually being written .
takes care of sanitizing the offset of current page also calculates offsets for next and previous page and information like total number of pages and current page number .
generate the initial , first order , and second order transition probabilities for model2 .
run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name
generate a http response cookie .
models are created through lettuce steps
get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement m values .
given a socket exception , return connection error .
for historical reasons , odoo has weird dealings in relation to view _ mode and the view _ type attribute : one of the view modes is tree , which stands for both list views and tree views the choice is made by checking view _ type , which is either form for a list view or tree for an actual tree view
this is a generic hook for handling all processing of a search result , including error reporting .
return a checked solution for f in terms of one or more of the symbols .
returns your text , enclosed in ansi graphics codes .
delete the kinesis stream , if it exists .
records the rating awarded by the user to the exploration in both the user - specific data and exploration summary .
convert an argument to an iterable .
return if the project can be transfered to another member .
wrapper around qtgui . qfiledialog . getopenfilenames static method
returns the % a + t content in a passed sequence .
download a poem from the given host and port .
flips all bits in a given column
test if number is a power of 2 .
pretty print the stack trace and environment information for debugging those hard to reproduce user problems .
parses an iso 8601 date string and returns a utc datetime object , or the string if parsing failed .
setup the philips tv platform .
converts scope value to a string .
a entire print ( ) call .
builder for rebulk object .
utility function to check to see if a list of controls all really belong to the same control : for use with checkboxes , hidden , and submit buttons .
stop watching a document for edits .
verify that setting is valid if it is generated from an exclusion list .
escape char as rfc 2396 specifies
find an usb device and return it .
get price info of product for given quantity .
helper method for formatting the asset information to send to client .
returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total .
plain text summary of the page .
returns the indices where the given period changes .
return the home directory , as a unicode string .
this should return a string .
merge multitrace objects .
the entry point for cloudsearch customizations .
used for imports
update a user
only load this module if the disk execution module is available
this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir
switch frappe and erpnext to develop branch
factory that instantiates one of the search forms below .
invert an image .
get the xonsh source path .
returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
euclidean distance between two points in lab color space
create a nonce .
return the preferred certificate bundle .
import content from a local tarball or a url to a docker image src content to import repo repository to import to tag set tag of the image
detects whether source is p . a . c . k . e . r .
this method determines if we should apply our namespace indentation check .
delete specific server group ( s ) .
update the cache file for the bucket .
text and / or speech output
computes integer least common multiple .
return true if given distribution is installed in user site .
validate the format of the users password .
returns your text , enclosed in ansi graphics codes .
trying to create a bucket that already exists in us - east - 1 returns the bucket
decorate a method to prevent any effect from : func : guess .
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
return the version of msvc that was used to build python .
find appropriate lineage based on given domains and / or certname .
get the number of poygon sides , with a minimum of three .
given a url path , remove extra / s and . path elements and collapse any . . references and returns a collapsed path .
returns a list of the data by preorder traversing the tree
helper for managed ( ) to process entries and return before / after views
make a logrecord whose attributes are defined by the specified dictionary ,
returns true if o _ tmpfile flag is supported .
get the geometry output copy .
run accessibility tests that use the bok - choy framework .
perform registration on remote server with provided info .
traverse a tree in breadth - first order .
print out all connected series of readable chars longer than min .
return the subset of points from a set of points that were the furthest apart from each other in the 2d plane .
updates the status of an exchange .
enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma .
if filename does not exist , touch the file
estimate ar ( p ) parameters from acovf using yule - walker equation .
write a 64 bit complex floating point tag to a fif file .
the 3x3 rotation matrix for rotation about a vector .
identical three crows
opposite of classmethod2display .
takes a soundcloud user item and returns a formatted string .
updates subject _ interests of user with given user _ id .
builds a jsonc objects which wraps the arguments members .
create a session by loading the current server - side document .
compute bounding - box regression targets for an image .
function used by merge _ similar _ guesses to choose between 2 possible properties when they are integers .
re - interpret the state returned by salt . state . run using our protocol .
get the plugins directory path .
post - registration processing : creating skeleton mask using a threshold projecting all fa data onto skeleton .
find the last header in the list of chunks before the target line .
check if the filename is a type of file that should be compressed .
deletes all sync points of a stack associated with a traversal _ id .
ensure that user ids in contributors and visible _ contributor _ ids match .
identify appropriate csv writer given the python version
the distance - related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines
return the given number formatted for a specific locale .
transfer the closest remaining path .
delete a dns record .
returns polygon for a filled ellipse with x , y , a , b , resolution and fill density as a polygon object
create a new figure manager instance
return site events in the given timeframe .
require a working copy of the repository from the remote _ url .
computes a dictionary with the elements that are in the right but not or different in the left .
process the else statement .
returns a list of the default providers from the settings as the appropriate constants .
return a vector of non - zero elements contained in the input array .
there is a bug in python versions < 2 . 6 . 5 that prevents you from passing unicode keyword args .
downloads a file .
for cutting the nav _ extender levels if you have a from _ level in the navigation .
add support for converting units specified by unit _ label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping _ func must have the function prototype : def mapping _ func : # convert the input vertices , pos to pixel positions psychopy # will use for opengl call .
helper function that converts string function names to function calls
builder for rebulk object .
run main function .
create an ebsblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict .
notify _ db is considered to be empty if notify _ db is none and neither of on _ complete , on _ success and on _ failure have values .
given a library _ dataset , get the containing library
add user to group .
updates repo from remote sources
loop through a list of inputs , where pre is the string handed to ipython , and post is how that string looks after its been transformed
should use a dict comprehension instead of a dict constructor .
returns the given value rounded to one decimal place if it is a decimal , or integer if it is an integer .
correct the font specified in the command line .
only load if the postgres module is present
retrieve class for the provided auth version .
helper to format a logrecord in in stackdriver fluentd format .
draw the outlines for a topomap .
halt a running system
return the position of a weekday : 0 - 7 , where 0 is sunday .
get the db api object for the specific database type .
stop a scan
generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . java and . jar files used as action inputs .
log rewrite activity under control of routes . py
enables public internet access for the specified public _ lan .
compresses a and b by eliminating redundant rows .
this launches an interactive menu .
forces the wrapped function to run in parallel , instead of sequentially .
php follows a slightly different protocol for base64 url decode .
marks the function as internally used
fix the given stride for the slices step .
wrap * text * with * prefix * at length * cols
run http - prompt from terminal .
validates extra file to commit .
scan the immediate subdirectories of the builtins module .
returns the prefix for the hardware type .
duplicates entries to produce the same matrix
create path is a string archivelist is a list of archives , each of which is of the form xfilesfactor specifies the fraction of data points in a propagation interval that must have known values for a propagation to occur aggregationmethod specifies the function to use when propagating data
find unique columns
apply standard padding .
simplify an expression using assumptions .
read the footer and return the filemetadata for the specified filename .
convert a null - terminated string field to a python string .
remove quotes from around a string .
list incidents belonging to this account
makes a naive datetime . datetime in a given time zone aware .
parse a directive signature .
validate and arrange directory related arguments .
gets a list of class names and a list of modules to pick from .
get html string to adjust stock values
detect what driver needs to be used for the given image
get and return all iam role details , starting at the optional path .
get all the hosts to which the datastore is connected .
create a spreadsheet - style pivot table as a dataframe .
list all the revisions of a given document .
get the jabber notification service .
utility function to layout a table .
a lazy version of gettext .
wrapper for dogpiles sha1 _ mangle _ key .
for virt only .
escapes a value for use in a url
guess the type of the file and try to open it .
updates data in firebase .
create ec2 compatible snapshot by provided uuid .
check whether the filesystem at the given path is case sensitive .
run all the sql statements in a sql file .
convert port id into device name format expected by linux bridge .
auxiliary function for img _ to _ graph and grid _ to _ graph
converts a two - tuple iterable data to an sql where clause sqlquery .
find a sha in a data blob with sorted shas .
creates the user configuration which holds the tested values
returns the data portion of a string that is colon separated .
contrast or restriction matrix for all pairs of nm variables
publish this package to pypi .
detects scenes of a clip based on luminosity changes .
logical or between two images .
temporarily disconnect a single listener from a blinker signal .
thin wrapper for dajaxice
generate and materialize index from a tree
create a new frequency distribution , with random samples .
returns an iterable over nodes in g in the order given by a breadth - first or depth - first traversal .
return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip .
return essentially a named temporary file that is not opened and deleted on existing ; if path is a list , then create and return list of filenames
calculates the given hsp attribute , for writing .
manage coalescing settings of network device name
returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
return the localized display name for the given timezone .
parse a query in the environment or from a file
return test data
set the standby timeout in minutes for the given power scheme
composes a regextokenizer with a lowercasefilter and optional
return usage info for a given resource and tenant .
create a switchport object - lag
parses an rfc 2822 date string and returns a time zone naive datetime object .
return function code object
in _ base base directory for input files out _ base base directory for output files ( ignored when files list of filenames to be uncompyled outfile write output to this filename
enable secure cookies if https is enabled .
walks a directory tree , returning all the files .
regions without ratings bodies and fallback to the generic rating body .
derive one key from a password .
find the last element which is a sibling of c { target } and is in c { nodes } .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
simplify a mul with tensorproducts .
takes 3 things , an entering function , an exiting function ( what to do to end it , on both success and failure , and using which can be : none , indiciating using is
build up the score labels for the right y - axis by first appending a carriage return to each string and then tacking on the appropriate meta information .
helper function to test error messages in exceptions .
normalized absolute mean brightness error between two images
gemm computing an outer - product - > ger .
return a human - readable string of the format 1d2h3m4s
returns a scale - free directed graph .
strict check for arr not sharing any data with original , under the assumption that arr = asarray
compute the derived sequence of the graph g
edit a configuration file to include settings settings is a dictionary of dictionaries or none values , keyed by command / section name .
helper method to create temp file on disk .
extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
for the duration of c { testcase } , add a fake plugin to twisted . plugins which contains some sample endpoint parsers .
check whether path was modified since dt .
process the xml element .
multi - dimensional black tophat filter .
helper function for info _ installed ( )
prints and returns the csv directory were about to use .
returns list of tags for this issue .
create a directory if it doesnt exist .
print a list of users
assert - like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server .
predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . tree . tree .
enters transaction management for a running thread .
this mutes the log loading : used when a class is loaded several times , to avoid the warning messages to be showed more than once .
open each source file in sourceroot and scan for potential error messages .
return true if string is an http , ftp , or file url path .
bulk delete for ccxfieldoverride model
downloads a file from a url to a cache directory .
make a temporary monitor and return the value of a channel in it .
verify that the submodules are checked out and clean use git submodule update - - init ; on failure
converts bytes to a string value , if necessary .
convert argument to timedelta
helper function to get relevant spectrogram
compute the lu decomposition of a matrix .
a helper method to read the device path to address mapping from file : : 0x0001 , / dev / device1 0x0002 , / dev / device2
create a subnet on a specified network .
list all known patterns from available repos .
fast illumina 1 . 3 + fastq to illumina 1 . 3 + fastq conversion .
compute ranking loss measure
read mnist labels from the original ubyte file format .
test if text contains only ascii characters .
input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
compile utility function used by contains _ nan and contains _ inf
ensure that rate limiting is enabled by default .
get split line for evaluators .
checks the given cpl / ogrerr , and raises an exception where appropriate .
replace # ! python with # ! / path / to / python
performs the necessary dance to become a background daemon .
check for multiple ips assigned to a single hostname
creates a function that will return a string representing a progress bar .
returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
try to integrate f dx from zero to infinty .
called several times each second URL # the - beacon - function . .
returns true if the given value is a list - like instance > > > islistlike
read file with given filename and encoding
flip the image horizontally - async version .
compute the log - det of the cholesky decomposition of matrices .
indent util function , compute new indent _ string
return the information of the named package ( s ) installed on the system .
reset a development environment
creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix .
provide grains about zpools
updates the apt database to latest packages based upon repositories
convert raw iosync analog input value to voltage value .
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random matrix - vector multiplication .
release the stored document object in the current thread .
list the files that belong to a package .
insert default options to sys . argv
returns whether a particular message is already cued for display .
generate rc4 keystream .
repeatedly translate the input until it makes absolutely no sense .
set up a nest cam .
the _ _ init _ _ file can be searched in a directory .
build an xpath expression to simulate bs4s ability to pass in kwargs to search for attributes when using the lxml parser .
takes an image in caffe format or and saves it to a file
delete the value of an attribute , firing history events .
does an " atomic " replace of a file by another .
function from dlmf 8 . 12 . 1 shifted to be centered at 0 .
run migrations in online mode .
return a quote from the zen of github .
return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers
add a processor to parse json request entities :
convert a pysaml2 saml2 message class instance into a basic dictionary format .
require a node . js package .
create all default plugins for the given placeholders if they have a " default _ plugins " configuration value in settings .
helper method for getting the old location , containing course , item , lms _ link , and preview _ lms _ link for a given locator .
get the all the lines of text of a text .
return linkage using a precomputed distance matrix .
flip the image vertically - async version .
returns c { true } if c { kexalgorithm } is an elliptic curve .
get span direction for the majority of the overhanging extrusion edge , if any .
parse a date in yyyy / mm / dd hh : mm : ss ttt format
make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
create a new class for a gtype not in the gir .
try to return logged - in user
returns a decoder for a float field .
return escaped version of text .
modified find method ; see find _ all , above .
lists all security groups available to the user and the users groups .
return sphere point perpendicular to axis .
starts a superset web server
check if an origin match cors allowed origins
run commands from _ _ proxy _ _
if a list , converts it to a comma - separated string .
load an image from file .
open a url .
class decorator for registering mappingtypes for search
get all aggregates .
serialize a list of qwebhistoryitems to a data stream .
page through text by feeding it to another program .
return a virtual environment which is unique to each test function invocation created inside of a sub directory of the test functions temporary directory .
returns a desiredcapabilities object corresponding to the environment sauce parameters
most popular add - ons are sorted by popularity
test that you cant add a duplicate file extension
widen the carving of a gcode file .
sphinx role for linking to an issue .
update an db - entry , zip type .
record an event received from segment to the tracking logs .
return string truncated at first null character .
get value from config object and return the value or false
used to convert the : members : option to auto directives .
update milestone fulfillments for the specified content module
look for every file in the directory tree and create the corresponding
clips the values of an array to a given interval .
convert an astral header string into a scop domain .
stores entities in the datastore and time them .
estimate the bandwidth to use with the mean - shift algorithm .
set psd plot params .
a dummy view that raises a user . doesnotexist exception
figure out the necessary coordinate transforms .
filters a recipient list based on student opt - outs for a given course .
delete an alias of an index
resize using imagemagicks convert tool .
no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection
return the tail of the log file .
check if the directory is in the exclude list .
command and option completion for the main option parser and its subcommands .
ensure that the chronos job with the given name is not present .
iterate a structure by dilating it with itself .
get the text until the last dot , if any .
only timestamp and message
a slightly bugfixed version of np . round ( ) .
setup the domain and localedir for translations
fakes the fetch of an image .
return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters .
require a mysql user .
return the full url to the bootstrap javascript library
format options as a string for log file
serialize an object into a qbytearray .
if a test can depend on configuration , use this function to set the appropriate cli option to enable that test .
only return if requests and boto are installed .
convert from mm / dd / yyyy to unix timestamp
date / time converted to seconds since epoch
equivalent to from from _ where import module .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
load pkcs7 data from a buffer
individual insert / commit pairs using core with query caching
if both objects arent either both string or unicode instances force them to unicode
performs a dns lookup with dig
function to return all the translations for the given template
converts the given string to snake - case .
returns true if the given string is in google music id form .
eps writer for the python imaging library .
list all branches .
run tidy over the given revisions content and save it to the tidy _ content field if the content is not equal to the current value .
add a friend or accept a friend for adding status should be 2 for accepting status should be 3
read cnt data as raw object .
make tris given a number of vertices of a circle - like obj .
check if user exists
make function raise skiptest exception if skip _ condition is true
allows a function expecting a list to accept a single item as well .
this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up
only work on posix - like systems
pad a tensor with a constant value .
estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle
mimics the logic in aff4 _ grr . py related to foreman rules .
portable app creator
finds all dependencies that start with the given task and have a path to upstream _ task _ family
return dft of data , doing so in time - domain bins , each of size chunk samples .
accepts a dependency name and automatically adds the appropriate path to sys . path , if the dependency has a path for the current platform and architecture .
returns a string represeting cuts .
parse the autostep line
recursively copy a directory tree using copy2 ( ) .
get console entry for a given instance and pool .
read tfr datasets from hdf5 file .
loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage .
use sftp to upload a file to a server
create a communication channel .
add attribute exchange fields to the response if requested .
emulate sqlobjects or .
struct _ declarator : colon constant _ expression
internal method for quoting a single command - line argument .
left - aligns the value in a field of a given width .
create a sentence of random length .
attempts to create an absolute url based on initial url , and next url , specifically in the case of a location header .
create a generalized multivariate polynomial ring .
return list of shell aliases to auto - define .
returns the ext / thirdparty directory .
moves the specified axis backwards to the given place .
produce a " standard " hexdump of the specified string or file - like object .
mark a method as generative .
requests privacy lists from connected server .
inverse radon transform
paypal direct payment processor .
retrieves an option based on key , merging all matches .
get padding of the element with given selector ,
return image with all points above satvalue set to nan .
serialize a sequence of representation trees into a yaml stream .
get a float from the user
edit a asset
gets a logger for the given class in this module
readable summary of add - on validation results .
expects a folder containing files with name rtxxxx . txt each file contains lines of the form e . g . : 1978 1 1 0 - 99 . 9 - 99 . 9 representing year , month , day , rainfall , minimum and maximum temperature
return pypcap device name for given libdnet / scapy device name
returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users .
returns an instance that monitors a hierarchy of directories .
get the size of a disk image
retrieve keywords from guessed informations
percent - encode everything required to convert a portion of an iri to a portion of a uri .
running in python will cause a segfault .
this is an internal utility which takes triple - quoted text form within the document and returns the paragraph the user intended originally .
check if file is a rar file , or part of a rar set
return the python version
assert an environment is created
return the height and width of the given screen .
delete an imagemember object .
compute the interquartile range of the data along the specified axis .
routing area update reject section 9 . 4 . 17
get the maximum span of the loop .
find simple cycles of a directed graph .
helper function for prefetch _ related _ objects
returns two connection object connected by a pipe
a cubic b - spline .
calculate the mean of the values of an array at labels .
returns open anonymous cart with given token or none if not found .
returns a validator registered for given name .
drop - in replacement for str that tries to be unicode friendly .
returns the routes requestconfig object .
return etc _ services information from osquery
use the frink online calculator .
return the periphery of the graph g .
evaluate the expression value .
returns the last value recorded in a channel .
log when post call to " performance " url is made by a user .
maps an exception class to a string code .
apply gofmt to modified files
expand shell variables of the forms $ var , $ { var } and % var % .
export data import template with data for doctype
get the one - line summary out of a module file .
helper method to compare salt state info with the pagerduty api json structure , and determine if we need to update .
helper method to shell out and execute a command through subprocess with optional retry .
create a new job
create or update a set of image _ properties for a given image
recursively remove items matching a value remove from the dictionary
return information about a single milestone in a named repository .
study hub capacity .
list a job only if its enabled . .
install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access .
returns a secret for use in a ewp form or an ipn verification based on a selection of variables in params .
exhaust an iterator and return all data returned by it .
returns all enabled rules .
migrate one jar type design
returns appropriate sequence object .
generate a fake dataset that matches the dimensions of mnist .
creates the ssh server factory .
return a new session object .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
remove tags from a trail
runs cobbler sync from the api when the user presses the sync button .
returns the path and type for a template
visit each child node and collect its text data , if any , into a string .
excess _ keyword and excess _ positional must be either 1 or 0 , and not both of them can be 1 .
process the xml element .
return float with dec decimals ; if dec is 0 , return integer
return whether it makes any sense to use reuse _ db with the backend of a connection .
safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph .
return a plain text document describing a given traceback .
parse command line options
context manager that creates a temporary directory and set it as cwd .
return validated parameter param that has to be from the list of values if provided .
return a boolean for value .
setup the plex platform .
finds the minimizer for a quadratic polynomial that goes through the points , with derivative at a of fpa .
this is a * very * incomplete function which i added to fix a bug : URL
fatemans gcd benchmark : trivial gcd
given one of the configurations for enrollments or completions , award the appropriate badge if one is configured .
interpolate polynomial gcd from integer gcd .
returns the requested content back in unicode .
run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
compute the trimmed maximum
parses the auth / authconfig line
create a single vm from a data dict
remove all unnecessary leading space from lines .
ensure that the specified kernel module is loaded name
initializes the database .
wait enough to be in the budget for this request .
reports the creation of a new certificate to the user .
returns true if given ipv6 _ prefix is a valid ipv6 prefix .
return the ssh _ gateway configuration .
helper function for prefetch _ related functionality
returns true if the given stream is valid dbf
get a reference to the current figure .
test tight _ layout for mutiple subplots
updates the app _ entity _ table with the valid entity .
return spherical linear interpolation between two quaternions .
convert an any protobuf into the actual class .
to commit the changes loaded in the candidate configuration .
returns the currently selected language .
send an email via the flask - mail extension .
filter rows from a metadata mapping file
wrapper around babels format _ timedelta to make it user language aware .
remove identities from a matmul
generates a d3js chordial diagram that illustrates similarites
queries posts from the specified episodes .
test that tmpdir works even if the current processs user id does not correspond to a valid user .
generate the nx3 values for a linear gamma ramp on the current platform .
returns an analysis of the document using a cache
set the computer name
convert a string representation of a bool into a bool value .
send an email with a confirmation link to the provided e - mail so the user can complete their registration .
ensure obj is a signature , or none .
list entities that a policy is attached to .
helper function for creating a response which uses the given transport .
get metadata for a specified repository change set from the database .
save the current profile to an ini file .
get the build of smartos .
return a string that looks like the breadcrumbs .
returns true if there are tabs in the leading whitespace of a line , including the whitespace of docstring code samples .
resource header for catalogs
simplifies the node removing singleton conjunctions and others .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted in reverse order by the property given in the argument .
helper method to create a redirect response with url params .
pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file
check no hyphen at the end of rand _ name ( ) argument
remove the package level index .
take an aff4 _ path and return type or none .
a tag that uses format _ html
perform a partial ensemble measure on the specifed qubits .
return combination of bottom and top channels .
create a directory and any missing ancestor directories .
restores caches from the result of a previous clear _ caches call .
returns python objects for the given json string .
only load if the keystone module is in _ _ salt _ _
return a list of the loaded module names
create a threshold graph from the creation sequence or compact creation _ sequence .
multiplicative _ expression : multiplicative _ expression mod cast _ expression
run behave tests .
function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api - specific errors .
validate the supplied privileges
return a list of all running services , so far as systemd is concerned
outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment .
runs the command and returns the output .
internal dispatch function .
converts a 4 - bytes string to an unsigned integer .
create a mock database / directory like in galaxy _ root .
if encryption is enabled , ensure that : tokens are encrypted .
quit the browser after executing the tests .
main entry point .
helper to create a titled group in h5py
create a new user account .
specifier _ qualifier _ list : type _ specifier specifier _ qualifier _ list
factory to create a decorator that records instance progress as a series of discrete steps .
get a new projection instance .
finds the minimizer for a quadratic polynomial that goes through the points , with derivative at a of fpa ,
delete site record in database
get new repository .
main program function for extracting barcodes from reads fastq1 : open fastq file 1 .
make sqlite3 be asynchronous .
create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests .
save profiling information
return a sphinx . .
zdt6 multiobjective function .
returns a random selection from the inputspace with randomly modified up to maxchanges number of bits .
main function for validating demultiplexed fasta file input _ fasta _ fp : fasta filepath mapping _ fp : mapping filepath output _ dir : output directory tree _ fp : newick tree filepath tree _ subset : if true , will test that sampleids are a subset of the tree tips tree _ exact _ match : if true , will test that sampleids are an exact match to the tree same _ seq _ lens : if true , will determine if sequences are of different lens .
install tomcat from source .
get global or shop specific configuration with caching .
given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects , return a recommendation based on the results distances .
read unsigned 8bit integer from bti file .
returns b such that sigmoid ( b ) has the same marginals as the data .
compare two entity protobufs by key .
stores verified email .
creates a new com collection object
produces a s3 iam text for selective access of data .
look - up a dimension name in provider and then in namespace .
pops feedback message references of the given user which have been processed already .
for each curated group that has pending memberships that the curators have not yet been emailed about , send to all the curators an email with the count of all pending memberships and a link to view and manage the requests .
get the smtp virtual server names .
check if a buffer exists for a specific file .
verify that the given interface exists
add noise to evoked object with specified snr .
resolves the docker repo : tag notation and returns repo name and tag
decorator function to convert a1 notation in cell method calls to the default row / col notation .
transfer function to state - space representation .
for the service provided , try to return a geocoder class .
read * maxbytes * of data from * filename * and seed the prng with it .
meant to be used in pre _ update hooks on models to enforce ownership
convert a dpid in the canonical string form into a long int .
compute the output length of a pooling operator along a single dimension .
create an imagemember object
calculate the entropy of two slices , returning a tuple containing the amount that should be added to the start and removed from the end of the axis .
sends the confirmation instructions email for the specified user .
simulates a patch request to a wsgi application .
parse a line number spec and return a list of wanted line numbers .
make prefix - appended name
list users of a mongodb database
test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find - links
checks classes are equal .
to have your categories accepted , please use names accepted by google or write custom function which maps your category names into to google codes .
checks if a file is a text file
blast list of sequences .
decorator for marking a function or method unimplemented .
define a l1loss , useful for regularize , i . e . lasso .
create a file - like object for the specified url to read from .
auth functions based on arg .
returns true if the pattern matches the given word string .
add a predix and a suffix to a scope name .
detect parquet from magic header bytes .
convert an integer to a list of methods .
retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
get the list of modules names to run system tests for .
helper function for the main parsing code .
takes iso 8601 format and converts into a utc datetime
remove apk and dex files cached by drozer .
print an error log message .
runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
get a data object attribute for the attributes info summary method
return true if n can be interpreted as a floating point number .
return a list of the instance sizes that are on the provider .
a coroutine to log each file to be imported .
returns an integer representing the major , minor and revision number of the server .
get the associated function of the given method object .
a resource that is designed to be exposed externally and contains settings or waffle flags that might be relevant to the client app .
return a value for the requested metric
returns the token value for a clientlogintoken .
updates the locate database
return a list of minions
select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices .
returns the last item in a list
handle a single cgi request .
marks up the request object with json bits is _ json : whether or not this is a json request json _ callback : the json callback function to wrap with content _ type : the content type to return
callback to set key to none
convert a document in sparse document format into a dense np array .
return the relevant reservations .
checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
sets global variables _ os _ identity _ api _ version and _ tenant _ id depending on api version .
undo the time zone name munging done by older versions of pytz .
publishes a message to a pub / sub topic with the given data .
convert a json bucket to the native object .
an author structure .
add the following state to the analysis queue .
parse arguments and send an email based on them .
returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits
creates a datacenter
reassemble url parts split by the regex .
creates a monit configuration file and prompts monit to start service .
returns a string with tabs replaced by a single space .
cache instance declarations
returns real and translated module name for the given path , e . g . service
similar to str . format , but passes all arguments through conditional _ escape , and calls mark _ safe on the result .
aux function used at beginning of fit in linear models
group contiguous revision selection into patchsets
merges two dictionaries , non - destructively , combining values on duplicate keys as defined by the optional merge function .
retrieves image information .
send a sigterm to pid ; wont raise an exception if pid is not running .
job types - restful controller
returns the dominance frontiers of all nodes of a directed graph .
migrate the initial badge classes , assertions , and course image configurations from certificates .
get the postgres options from salt .
get some random bytes from the prng as a string .
write a key - value pair format file out to a file .
returns true if obj can be treated like a garbage collector root .
returns the inverse of a .
checks if a network acl exists .
make email queue object
return grains pertaining to the operating system
returns a properly configured sqlite database connection .
test that fetch _ mldata is able to download and cache a data set .
do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey
read a coil definition file .
basic regexp based html / xml tag stripper function
old name for has _ studio _ write _ access
extend a packages path .
remove repeated rows from a 2d array .
find all objects that implement l { icheckerfactory } .
downloads a sina video by its unique vkey .
compute bounding - box regression targets for an image .
returns a authentication handler .
get configured metadata and add salt - cloud - profile .
returns true if a loop has a break statement in its body .
a function that returns the value of the property
deal with changed proj .
returns a list containing the completion possibilities for an import line .
reads any roche style xml manifest data in the sff " index " .
decorator that raises an exception if a partition is not a valid partition of the nodes of a graph .
format the exception part of a traceback .
demean image data inside mask
finds the appropriate socket file .
serialize the list of tokens into a list of text chunks , calling markup _ func around text to add annotations .
turn a string of history ranges into 3 - tuples of .
a utility method for replacing a node with another node .
return names of all load balancers associated with an account
add a profile menu .
if confidence > = verbose , category passes filter and is not suppressed .
return a row of data
upper limit on a poisson count rate
ad - hoc parser for netscape protocol cookie - attributes .
gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output .
takes an sqlalchemy query ( q ) that is a select on an object revision table , and you provide revision _ id or revision _ date in the context and it will filter the object revision ( s ) to an earlier time .
returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port .
construct computation graph for the whole model
generates the actual list of data .
update import job status
user group update member
get the image in the qmimedata object md .
plot rank - abundance curves for sample specified in sample _ name .
given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer / consumer model , the messages that are sent to it are added to a queue and printed " when the om thread gets its turn " .
helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number .
simplifies the output of the parser .
make sure that remove _ from _ figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec
re - implemented httplib begin function to not loop over " 100 continue " status replies but to report it to higher level so it can be processed .
create a started buildmaster with the given configuration .
change the uid for a named user
sets the playback mode for the playlist .
same as line _ search _ wolfe1 , but fall back to line _ search _ wolfe2 if suitable step length is not found , and raise an exception if a suitable step length is not found .
helper method to start the modbus async udp server
return the path of the scikit - learn data dir .
unzip filename to a temporary directory , set to the cwd .
asymmetric rounding function for adjusting prices to two places in a way that " improves " the price .
read a standard conll / malt - style format
lists all packages available for update .
return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
return an httpresponse with content that encodes template _ name and context
get item from context cache by identifier
create table and fill it from file .
try to lookup a path in staticfiles _ storage .
allows to select the ith smallest element from array without sorting it .
creates a thread and its first message .
helper function to determine if wait for volumes state transition resulting from given operation is over .
filters the hostmap for those implementing protocol .
check that vars not include discrete variables , excepting observedrvs .
use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter , making sure not to trample on other params that have been set .
validate host is not an ipv4 address .
uses dijkstras algorithm to find shortest weighted paths from a single source .
test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions
get the current process token
decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function
validates that a string is lowercase .
converts a canonical error code into a datastore _ errors . error .
decorator to make a simple function into a normal test via unittest .
run an arbitrary sql query from the specified file and return the the number of affected rows .
create a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
simple view to echo back the content of uploaded files for tests .
return true if the central server user is allowed to access the objects
fetch all plugins for the given placeholders and cast them down to the concrete instances in one query per type .
detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate .
takes a list of draft _ nodes , which are namedtuples , each of which identify itself and its parent .
whether the * src * and * dest * units are of the same kind .
updates the xblock in the modulestore .
extract time from first 6 characters of read name .
returns given string with right padding .
wrapper around subtest that allows passing keywords mapping names to iterables of values .
take an object and test to see if it can be represented as a dictionary .
extract coordinates from last 5 characters of read name .
this is a decorator that converts a paramaterized decorator for no - param use .
checks for valid dna characters in barcode field
put the content into the file with a specific encoding .
yield unique elements from seq as an iterator .
manage rbac properties for user name : string username roles : list list of roles for user profiles : list list of profiles for user authorizations : list list of authorizations for user . .
shows performance tuning tips .
ignore paths that would otherwise be collceted by the doctest plugin and lead to importerror due to missing dependencies .
confirms an email address with a confirmation key .
create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
load a pickle file as a dictionary
get the initial html for a document , including determining whether to use kumascript to render it .
sets the default interface that pyamf will use to deal with xml entities .
generates a hash of the current request id .
create a list from multiple properties .
return path of given app .
get all requirement names based on filenames .
return whether or not package is installed .
rewrite of _ getalladmintemplatesettingsfromregpolfile where instead of looking only at the contents of the file , were going to loop through every policy and look in the registry . pol file to determine if it is enabled / disabled / not configured
extract the unique counter from the url if it has one .
create and verify pid file .
visualize object code
insert full index for { index } tag
start the specified service .
dtlz4 multiobjective function .
makes a pmf from a map from values to probabilities .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
parse input status into action and status if possible .
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
expand ~ and ~ user constructs .
make sure the output from the addons - linter is the same as amo - validator for backwards compatibility reasons .
get a color scheme from config using its name
returns the number of scalars in a tensor .
return shear angle , direction and plane from shear matrix .
looks to see if mdata - delete is present on the system
validates a collection and commits it to persistent storage .
count all roots in [ u + v * i , s + t * i ] rectangle using collins - krandick algorithm .
read the element data of type : data : integer
return the first configured instance .
returns the path of an image , takes a tuple with the " quadtree coordinates " , these are the numbers in the folders of the tile set .
logged in successfully , join a group .
default index page - top news
upgrade bill bill valide for valide _ days from today .
virtual service only on systems using runit as init process .
for each url in the list , ensure that it isnt handled by another module .
returns list with result of given l { deferred } s .
no changes to the image properties table from 007 . . .
grant permissions to a user .
generate coverage reports for bok - choy tests
returns a randomly generated sentence of lorem ipsum text .
print all issues for flaky tests .
migrate deprecated background color to color .
defines default module store using draftmongomodulestore .
modify settings for a db instance .
removes a few fields from feincms admin inlines , those being id , delete and order currently .
copy data and mode bits .
delete the given host from the aggregate .
modify key in yaml file , setting the key to the desired value .
adapted version of theano . misc . pycuda _ utils . to _ gpuarray that takes an array with an extra trailing dimension of length 2 for real / imaginary parts , and turns it into a complex64 pycuda
add the utm _ * tracking parameters to a url .
make a datastore _ query . query for the given datastore _ pb . query .
parse svg text and store the layers .
translation controller to enable four major workflows : - 1 ) select modules which require translation .
log error to error log
get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
view to select a product to see related questions .
returns the right value data wed be interested in for the specified record type
extract barcodes from split _ libraries fasta headers .
show time - frequency map as two - dimensional image .
this is a mock for using in tests , where we really dont want to be actually signing the apps .
activate csf if not running
hash a password .
prepares a zone for running applications .
return the metadata of the book as a json dictionary .
setup argument parsing .
checks if the set of unique elements of arr1 and arr2 are equivalent .
a filter that batches items .
raise exception when load methods are called on instance
cigar test objective function .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
convert a string version of a function name to the callable object .
blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout
return the given string with xml / html / sgml entity and char references replaced .
find whether string c { p } occurs in a read ( ) able object c { f } .
execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python
colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes
remove search options that are not valid for non - admin api / context .
check to see if atrun is enabled on the system
set a timer .
finds all files under the given root that match the given predicate .
load a docker - compose project from path
iterate over repositories subscribed to by username .
return a hexstring of bytes _ length cryptographic - friendly random bytes .
make matched text upper case .
return the ms - ssim score between img1 and img2 .
returns a copy of at with any unspecified units filled in with values from basedate .
renders a dict as xml .
only in python 2 .
splits src _ dim and sends one of the pieces to another dim .
remove redundant incref / decref within on a per block basis
shortcut for module homepage menu items using the mm layout , retrieves the modules nice name .
return a list of classes to be used to access the database through the sqlobject orm .
return a module documentation tree from module _ text .
returns the hostname for a backend or backend instance .
renders a diff header as html .
this is a helper function to create different kinds of networks .
displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata
a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific node .
returns true if the input array is a valid condensed distance matrix .
return true if any output from source _ node can be connected to any input of sink _ node .
call cookiecutter ( ) with no _ input = true and templates in the cookiecutter . json file
call the correct dialect - specific upgrade .
return a list of the digits of n in base b .
returns the name of the default time zone .
we actually want to exit , so run os . _ exit
delete the given group specs item .
load an index file by path .
returns place predictions given a textual search query , such as " pizza near new york " , and optional geographic bounds .
reloads any changed modules from the etc directory .
convert a unicode string to " safe " ascii / latin - 1 characters .
return a palmdoc record of size record _ size from the text file object .
return file url of path
simple helper function here that takes unnormalized logprobs
generate discovery docs to files .
save our image in the calibration set
get the length of a path .
redirects the user to the login page , passing the given next page
constructs a random subset of a densedesignmatrix
replacement for built - in strftime
add a host object for the given mac .
hack to rewrite out the jsi18n script tag from an inherited admin template .
ensure that the named database is absent name
virtualenv + pip + buildout
broadcast to a remote method invocation with no return .
generate a generator that return a batch of sequence inputs and targets .
loads an object saved with torch . save from a disk file .
converts a datetime to utc .
call and print command
return exception information : - the exceptions class name ; - the exception object ; - the name of the file containing the offending code ; - the line number of the offending code ; - the function name of the offending code .
format the changes dict based on what the data is
deletes a key from etcd .
return a dict describing specific group _ type .
set a key / value pair in the vault service
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
use the middleware client to generate a config file .
searches the env for auth , prompting the user if necessary .
return a string representing the user agent .
strict check for arr not sharing any data with original , under the assumption that arr = asarray
screed iterator that additionally prints progress info to stderr .
oh no ! someone has passed you the probability output , " prob " , of a softmax function , and you want the unnormalized log probability - - the argument to the softmax .
convert a number field to a python number .
get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
checks parameters for pairwise alignment , returns alignment .
returns an old document if appropriate , otherwise returns a shallow copy of the given document .
if key is present in dict kw , coerce its value to type type _ if necessary .
test handling of explicit additional labels to ss
return alf _ services information from osquery
stop the specified service
this is the word rank alignment algorithm described in the paper to produce the * worder * list , i . e . a list of word indices of the hypothesis word orders w . r . t .
unit in physical _ constants indexed by key
returns a timestamp formatted from given time using separators .
read a tag from the buffer , and return a tuple .
use os facilities to determine if a process is running
set a new include rule for this layer
return module * modname * source path
return str representation of text .
loads a data structure as json from the named file .
get dictionary of default values from the defaults , or a value if key is passed
for displaying results .
write merged cells to xml .
initialise the oslo _ messaging layer .
check if a postgresql user exists .
execute a command and read the output as json
get all networks by instance id or raise if none exist .
expected inclusion _ params _ and _ context _ _ doc _ _
remove module from configuration file .
yield an infinite sequence of possible storage paths .
encode data to dataurl
redirect to req / create
returns a list of dictionaries with the folders contained at the given path
factorial of nonnegative integer n , via " binary split factorial formula " described at URL
return whether or not a tagged phrases matches a context - free grammar .
create a 2d numpy array with the given shape containing alternating values of false , true , false , true , . . .
get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
return a list of users on a mysql server
given a dictionary representing an ordered graph , return a list of detected cycles
check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
returns the current git version
decorator that only allows one instance of the same command to run at a time .
document edit page
tell solr make a backup .
turn number of bytes into human - readable str .
count number of key pairs for the given user id .
return a dict of all available locations on the provider with relevant data .
date in iso format when a certificate should first be renewed
return the optimal custom cpu baseline config for vms on this minion . .
get the evaluated float .
extract the help message for an . iconfig attribute .
opens and returns taxon summaries
returns proxy authentication string for header .
return a true random ascii string containing byte _ length of randomness .
helper to create a params dict , skipping undefined entries .
returns a filter object of class class _ name
coerce value to an json - compatible representation .
convert an error into a different error type .
find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype .
check whether the course locator maps to a ccx course ; this is important because we dont allow access to ccx courses in studio .
restart gunicorn worker processes for the project .
returns a dict with username and its encoded password .
try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git .
merges multiple lists of flags removing duplicates and resolving conflicts giving priority to lasts lists .
compute the pseudo - inverse of a matrix .
put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
a view decorator that adds " cookie " to the vary header of a response .
prepare the form - encoded body .
create a git repository at c { path } .
runs application with environ and captures status , headers , and body .
copy the provided property and set its " multiple " attribute to false .
ensures a request has permission to access the given project .
extracts a proxyconfig . proxy from the proxy _ config for a given key .
delete snapshot of a vm vm : string vm to be targeted name : string snapshot name
add a fragment and / or query parameters to a url .
get number rounded to four significant figures as a string .
convert a json dataset to the native object .
compare two source spaces .
returns a new array with same shape and dtype of a given array .
returns encodings from given http header dict .
this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
return the difference between the privileges that a user already has and the privileges that they desire to have .
replaces " * " with the actual field names .
returns a dictionary of arguments for dbutils . steadydb . steadydbconnection constructor .
removes jars uploaded which may conflict with appscale jars .
update related unit comment flags
helper function used to check if a string is a valid url .
used to combine two reduced words .
update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date - based version number .
convert a sympy matrix / complex number to a numpy matrix or scalar .
internal method to authenticate with a vcenter server or esx / esxi host and return the service instance object .
convert relative sls reference into absolute , relative to sls .
returns a hostname to use to contact the module .
return an iterator which schedules after each iteration .
builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to each adgroup .
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus residual model , one frame at a time x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ,
returns c { true } if this string has a newline in it .
check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists .
helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file .
build a list containing absolute paths to the generated files .
this is much like test _ ctypes _ gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function .
helper to transfer result or errors from one future to another .
custom hook for users to overload some or all parts of the initial setup .
used to find all the monitors that re dependent on those in the original monitor _ names to the list .
plot the linear model and 2sigma contours
extract an ordered array of unique labels
load a compute driver module .
retrieve the list of availability zones for region .
given an array a of k distinct nonnegative integers , return the next k - array in lexicographic ordering of the descending sequences of the elements .
returns the string with xml - safe special characters .
attempt to resolve a missing reference via intersphinx references .
iterate over sff reads with trimming .
convolutional linear map .
get dataframe from bcolz . ctable
call typ on value if val is defined .
return the arguments required to invoke pip , or none if pip is not installed
this main function is executed by the samp _ hub command line tool .
returns html code to embed figure on a webpage as an
compute the average of a list of images .
raise error if picture index is not a 2d index / slice .
filter data along one dimension using cascaded second - order sections
quickly bootstrap options that come in from a config file and convert options into django settings that are required to even initialize the rest of the app .
test that module imports are necessary
format and print header block sized to length of line
function to decide which marker to use for requests map
get descending area loops which include most of the points .
undo all file changes that happened between num _ pre and num _ post , leaving the files into the state of num _ pre .
precompute the inverse document frequency mapping for all terms .
match up the module registry and discoverymodule rows in the db .
str1 ( s ) is an re which matches the literal string | s | .
convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
compute the match strength of a set of strings on the target set of strings .
returns a date string as specified by rfc 2822 , e . g . :
packs float values between [ 0 , 1 ] into 4 unsigned int8
square - free norm of f in k [ x ] , useful over algebraic domains .
create a registry object that contains the default key bindings .
create a reversed field path .
parse a gql query string .
read and parse configurations .
return a dict of instance ids by health state for the load balancers in a given region .
returns the z for which p = probability
calculates the high mean of the num most recent values .
format the custom assertion message given .
test mne report .
the identity _ block is the block that has no conv layer at shortcut # arguments input _ tensor : input tensor kernel _ size : defualt 3 , the kernel size of middle conv layer at main path filters : list of integers , the nb _ filters of 3 conv layer at main path stage : integer , current stage label , used for generating layer names block : a , b . . . , current block label , used for generating layer names
returns location max value from histogram .
get profile for half of a one tooth of a cylindrical gear .
extract a regular file member using cat for async - like i / o
returns the computers network name
yields chunks of data from backend specified by uri
returns a list of releases in a release group
ensure that everything loads correctly .
determine if c { service _ identity } is installed .
return btrfs version .
compute 2d kernel for bilinear upsampling
match the text of a content instance .
return the elasticsearch instance
select an endpoint from the service catalog
create osc message and append it to a given bundle
find and register a package .
calculate texture properties of a glcm .
return the degree of f in the given variable .
return the monthly grouped queryset we need for model _ cls .
parse options and call the appropriate class / method .
convert some text typed by a human into some ascii bytes .
create an html fragment preview of the posted wiki syntax .
return true if the minion id matches the given pcre target minion _ id
turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr
return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory .
the inverse of parseaddr ( ) , this takes a 2 - tuple of the form and returns the string value suitable for an rfc 2822 from , to or cc header .
start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories
solve system of n linear equations with m variables , which means both under - and overdetermined systems are supported .
list the keys available
synchronously save the dataset to disk
statement : expression
a decorator meant to wrap post , put and delete pecan rest controller methods .
returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
decode a bson code to bson . code . code .
convert a dictionary of python objects to an ampbox , converting through a given arglist .
test if a specific extension is installed
this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure , instead of just the last datapoint .
channelwise log - softmax function .
return the full set of inherited kwargs for the given cls .
parse configuration file and save settings into the configuration advanced dictionary .
the generic syntax is : atest atest - atest - - help
determine if the segment overlaps within x .
return a chunk from a file based on the data received
dynamically allocate resources
get the comment app as defined in the settings
do the servers half of the associate call , using the given secret and handle .
creates a symbolizer for the given project and binary images .
translate a list of entities to a list of their parents .
deletes problem state entirely for all students on a particular problem in a course .
setup pwrctrl devices / switches .
set whether or not the power button can sleep the computer .
returns true if folder is hidden .
add a non - fuzzy translation to the dictionary .
compute normalized phase angles .
convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object
creates a specified number of topics in the first forum with each topic containing a specified amount of posts .
read in a config file from a given path and process it into a dictionary
resample arrays or sparse matrices in a consistent way
look for a pattern in the system . log of any in a given list of nodes .
partial implementation of sysctl , for kernel params
helper to get / create a new permissionset .
decode string with utf if possible
full restore of geonode db
check / normalize list arguments .
initializes dictionary containing common output values used by " good samaritan " feature
create a new instance type .
this view returns kmz for the given app label , model , and field name .
selects an audio output module .
this function is deprecated .
resource header for commitments
make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors .
function under test .
this mask is safer than safe _ mask since it returns an empty array , when a sparse matrix is sliced with a boolean mask with all false , instead of raising an unhelpful error in older versions of scipy .
url decode a single string with the given charset and decode " + " to whitespace .
delete content for the given location , as well versions of the content without a run .
generates the subsets as enumerated by a gray code .
create the output directory .
function to standardize the subprocess call
convert a python string to a : py : class : bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename .
group an iterable into batches of size batch _ size .
checks if the configuration file for the specified package exists , and if not , copy over the default configuration .
takes a date - time string in standard asn1 _ print form and return a python time value in seconds past the epoch .
mcwiki - gets the first paragraph of the minecraft wiki article on
unregister provider request .
associate the given stagekeyslist to the given apikey .
formats a time according to the given format
used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
set the value of a specified xattr .
taken from django . contrib . admin . autodiscover and used to run any calls to the processor _ for decorator .
given a mod path , return the corresponding file , giving priority to source file over precompiled file if it exists
return the directory of the current osx sdk , or / if no sdk was specified .
only return if python - etcd is installed
application which simply dumps the current environment variables out as a plain text response .
swap the case of the matched text , ignoring the text inside tag definitions .
abstract _ declarator _ opt : abstract _ declarator
deletes asset represented by given asset _ key in the course represented by given course _ key .
get average value of serial numbers
returns true if this string has a newline in it .
commit a container container container id repository repository / image to commit to tag tag of the image message commit message author author name conf conf
get tetragrid copy .
copied from accountbroker before the container _ count column was added
compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
return digraph of iterations of powersum .
tournament selection which use the size of the individuals in order to discriminate good solutions .
this function is used to ensure that parameters set by users in build files are of acceptable types .
fill the holes in binary objects .
read triangle definitions from an ascii file .
returns a choiceloader
returns a list of the : class : sqlalchemy . column objects that contain foreign keys for relationships in the specified model class .
performs an approximate match with the last needle against the end of every path past an acceptable threshold .
read the footer from the given file object and returns a filemetadata object .
compute multivariate autocovariances from vector autoregression coefficient matrices
sort baselined volatility results .
creates an html diff of the passed in content _ from and content _ to .
get a database of vo services from a remote location .
set up the light .
return a pydot graph from a networkx graph n .
add simplified path to fill .
helper function for generating either undirected or directed configuration model graphs .
returns the full path to a yaml file by giving the builtin modules name .
transform sympy expressions into theano computation
return the current status of filesharing and whether it is starting up or not : - 1 file sharing is off and not starting up 0 file sharing is off and starting up 1 file sharing is on
restful crud controller
wrap api list calls with role based access controls .
send notification of a new private message .
takes an array of strings of the form name = value and creates a dictionary of the pairs .
add point complexes between the endpoints of a segment .
helper function for format the yaml model config into the proper format for object and layer initialization
compute expressions on h5py datasets by operating on chunks
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
decorator ensuring that the user has access to the job submitted to oozie .
review cluster plan . .
get and return all iam user details , starting at the optional path .
external event decorator .
computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array .
return true if the character is a letter , digit , underscore , dollar sign , or non - ascii character .
given path return dask . delayed file - like objects in text mode
provides zpool state
builds an object that trusts multiple root l { certificate } s .
returns feedback for a match that is found in a dictionary
gzip encoded data - > unencoded data
performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg , and returns the ciphertext .
enforce html escaping .
sets the logging format to have a unified format .
undo the effects of quote ( ) .
return a : class : version for the latest non - rc version .
set attributes on an elb .
return the amount of characters in this token list .
if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value , otherwise the value of the variable : . .
output a level 2 header comment .
floyd - warshalls algorithm for finding the path length for all pairs for nodes .
decorator to give a single test a tempdir as argument to test method .
gets the " needs rollback " flag - - for * advanced use * only .
register formatter class with given name .
if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix
expected assignment _ no _ params _ with _ context _ _ doc _ _
compute the square root of each element of the matrix mat .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string , without exponential formatting .
t - sne objective function : kl divergence of p _ ijs and q _ ijs .
returns the ipv4 address configured on ifname , packed with inet _ pton .
de - allocate floating ip . .
list active servers .
make fake syslog , and return list to which prefix and then log messages will be appended if it is used .
parses the beginning of a http request header into a pair of status line and http headers dictionary .
decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
get arma recursion in simple loop for simplicity assumes that ma polynomial is not longer than the ar - polynomial
completion routine for when user presses tab
this will re - run current python script requesting to elevate administrative rights .
converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv4 string .
tries to find the gs installed by texlive
return this platforms string for platform - specific distributions
handle delete object .
sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
check if an existing library exists and can be read .
create a single vm from a data dict
return a new instance of a blake2s hash object .
configuration change reject section 9 . 1 . 12d
starts a process
create a dask . bag from a url
process a single xml file containing a bounding box .
makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens .
returns a properly configured sqlite database connection .
determines output length of a convolution given input length .
only testing one initial behavior component
get password from the title
expected assignment _ only _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
run through the imgfiles battery of possible methods on the image passed in name .
translates message using the given translation _ function name - - which will be either gettext or ugettext .
nfsstat main loop
get details about a machine
returns a link to course _ index for editing the course in cms , assuming that the course is actually cms - backed .
converts video into a bgr format for opencv
this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting .
compute greatest factorial factorization of f in k [ x ] .
the main function .
serialize a single lxml element as html .
external command decorator .
wrapper for deprecating gobject based _ _ init _ _ methods which specify defaults already available or non - standard defaults .
fetches all messages of the given thread indexed by [ exploration _ id ] . [ thread _ id ] .
check there are some _ _ init _ _ . py all along the way
returns the mac address to be used for provided ip6 peer .
retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
return a url to use for tracking pageviews for the current request .
verify that closing delimiter matches most recent opening delimiter
tries to guess the filename of the given object .
sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and thousand separator setting .
returns true if the given db . model instance only contains a projection of the full entity .
return true iff user is allowed to view this course / library in studio .
return the discrete sine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
return true or false if cygwin is installed .
load if the module win _ dns _ client is loaded
checks if g is a minimal groebner basis .
returns the time the statement / function took , in seconds .
this makes a converter from markdown to ansi format .
return a poem 5 seconds later .
safe way to create dirs in muliprocess / thread environments .
compute the pk metric for a pair of segmentations a segmentation is any sequence over a vocabulary of two items , where the specified boundary value is used to mark the edge of a segmentation .
sends an email to the configured error email , if its configured .
list rich rules bound to a zone . .
end to end test of search command .
set the windowview
helper method to produce an auth type that doesnt exist .
return the redis connectionerror exception class .
function that detects the date / time format for the string passed .
return the admin _ username in the details dictionary , or root if there is none present
converts a base 36 string to an int .
converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
append relative paths to items into m3u file .
a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average .
return a boolean indicating whether i is a sequence in the sympy sense .
return hosts pretty name
returns a dict with keys as coefficients and values as their values in terms of c0
save the load to the specified jid id
return system information for grains of the nx os proxy minion . .
k expected classes , m data points , each with dim dimensions
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
get equated paths .
return a canonical string representation of the body of a json request or response .
delete a job from the minions schedule
list all the datastores for this vmware environment
block matrix elements
return the nsenter command to attach to the named container
patches a function that returns a dropboxclient , returning an instance of mockdropbox instead .
returns true if regexp starts at n else returns false checks whether it is not a division
returns the of an image at a given path .
get the complex polar by degrees .
given data from an illumina qseq file , write to fastq read data : generator of tuples with the following data ( machine id , . . .
reconstruct a tree from merge order
returns dictionary title .
export a tp
return contents of file .
combine output ( ) followed by indentlevel ( ) .
converts a hyper to meijerg .
get the simplepush notification service .
identical to get _ object _ or _ 404 , except instead of returning http404 , this returns none .
register language support with the manager .
return true if a and b are structurally the same , else false .
this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
create a fake payment _ instruction
match a node if its an instance of the given class .
query github api .
dry helper function for all classes which use pdf to set the appropriate fonts
return the new mapped namespace if the src _ namespace matches the regex .
checks permission for suggestion handling .
exports the journal to various formats .
verify an eu vat id .
create an opener object from a list of handlers .
test registering a new bundle on the fly .
this optimization is not the same on all device .
indexes a sequence file and returns a dictionary like object .
connect to the replica set .
get melded pillar output .
return the url to an image used for social media sharing .
replaces djangos original autodiscover to add a call to
extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone
helper function for pretty - printing a frame relation .
download the zip file .
connect to aws key management service
use the rest api to search for past tweets containing a given keyword .
hashes the contents of the file at the given path and returns the hash digest in hex form .
return a dictionary containing the mailcap database .
send numpy arrays using the buffer interface and some metadata .
this function returns the values of the parameters of all layers below one or more given : class : layer instances , including the layer ( s ) itself .
returns a redis client instance from given scrapy settings object .
p - tmsi reallocation complete section 9 . 4 . 8
return a graph from numpy matrix .
dump our scramblesuit server descriptor to file .
get all rules for a given security group .
consume the cloudsearch _ changes queue , and print reporting information on how long it took and how many remain
maps http methods to methods of a resource object .
import all submodules and register them in the context namespace .
return data files for package * name * with extensions in * extlist
reads the contens of a text file .
converts a dictionary to a tuple that can be used as an immutable key .
safely iterates line - based over an input stream .
returns a list of links in the given row of the datatable
return the os x system version as a string
manage the snmp syscontact , syslocation , and sysservices settings .
helper function to find valid table attributes
returns true if filename seems to be a test directory
multiply two linear operators , with the constant on the right .
write the pid in the named pid file .
to use pam _ login : from gluon . contrib . login _ methods . pam _ auth import pam _ auth auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( pam _ auth ( ) ) or auth . settings . actions _ disabled = [ register , change _ password , request _ reset _ password ] auth . settings . login _ methods = [ pam _ auth ( ) ]
takes a certificate in ascii pem format and returns the
resize a given image file maintaining the aspect ratio - async version .
makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end , this way it can be looped indefinitely .
get all available regions for the amazon support service .
show the details from qingcloud concerning an instance .
given an array like , return a png - encoded byte string .
coupling with channel - wise splitting .
return blobstore instance for a given storage layout
update agent build entry .
test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines .
check that tempest . lib doesnt use tempest config
return un - localized date string for the date : field
required method to auto register this checker
play next item from media list .
instead of performing bulk delete , collect key names deleted .
unflag an available flag types object .
get the top of the path .
build a canonical unit name treating unit names without one of the valid suffixes as a service .
test mne inverse computation is immune to channel reorderings
deciphering is the same as enciphering but using the inverse of the key matrix .
triggers a restore of apps for the current deployment .
runs the docker top command on a specific container name
reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file .
returns a new theano scalar .
received configuration information
checks if file exists and is older than specified hours
loads and returns the wsgi application as configured by the user in settings . wsgi _ application .
verify if an object is a valid layer .
bidirectional shortest path helper .
equivalent to pickle . load ( open ) but closes the file to prevent filehandle leakage .
saml authorization response endpoint
save a sparse matrix to a file using . npz format .
iteratively yield * objects * as they are ready , until all are ready or * timeout * expired .
a hypothesis strategy to generate a deployment .
this function will prevent django from serving a content - disposition header while expecting the browser to cache it .
given an application object this returns a semi - stable 9 digit pin code and a random key .
get all groups .
returns the angle in degrees represented by a elevation label int .
given a mapping block input , generate a backing slave context with initialized data blocks .
find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the
takes a preprocessor define and returns a - d parameter thats ninja - and shell - escaped .
installs the given image on the device .
converts a version integer into a dictionary with major / minor / . . .
look for album art files in a specified directory .
expand $ per expansions dict .
creates vdi from the image stored in the local cache .
stop the specified service
reduce all coefficients modulo p .
similar to serialize , except for deserialization .
get the multipart upload from the bucket and multipart ids .
unsets a cookie by name , by default over all domains and paths .
convert a power to a floating point value , an integer , or a fraction .
return the glance metadata for all volumes .
try to import the named component .
parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
execute a puppet run and return a dict with the stderr , stdout , return code , etc .
return the maximum number of open file descriptors for this process .
decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
set up the urllib proxy if possible .
return true iff checkpointdir appears to be a checkpoint directory .
get the evennia version info from the main package .
convert a string into a format that is appropriate for . po files .
returns a dict object of views that should be part of the salt design document .
return true if is a method overridden from an ancestor
make updates to an existing qos specs .
approximate joint diagonalization based on phams algorithm .
sandbox - bypassing version of ensure _ directory ( )
performs the rayleigh test of uniformity .
make a signed jwt .
only run this module if the augeas python module is installed
delete a kapacitor task .
verify that a package is not installed , calling pkg . remove if necessary to remove the package .
xyz to cie - luv color space conversion .
given a django request object , return an auth object with the authenticated user attached to it .
a view that returns celery stats
start dtmf reject section 9 . 3 . 26
rewrite the given blocks to canonicalize the cfg .
for each corner point descriptor in the first image , select its match to second image using normalized cross correlation .
parses a typical multi - valued and parametrised http header and returns a list of values and parameters .
main test script execution .
resolve a limited list of user ids to screen names .
make a testcase to test the volumeservice specific arguments added to an options class by the flocker _ volume _ options class decorator .
apply the date and locale filters to the eu query .
download the unsigned archive for a given extension / version .
wrapper around : attr : provider . scope . names to turn an int into a list of scope names in templates .
delete an sqs queue .
send end - of - job email
grab the client directory .
convert an integer into a bytearray , zero - pad to howmanybytes .
validate a dtype and missing _ value passed to term . _ _ new _ _ .
find the best match for a mime - type amongst parsed media - ranges .
parse a string according to the onblog 8 - bit date format
create a new cassandra user with credentials and superuser status .
safe version of tar _ file . extractall ( ) .
extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given
distance between relaxed variables and their average .
ask for a color
given a vpc _ id , creates a network acl .
the program may have enabled monitor mode on a wireless interface .
return an effect that installs a certain version of flocker on the given nodes .
save / update docs under destination directory .
respond to a challenge .
callback that processes the match with a different lexer .
on nfs filesystems , it is impossible to delete a directory with open files in it .
runs markdown over a given value , optionally using various extensions python - markdown supports .
create an instance .
get the progress bar from the given outputter
a tool like djangos get _ object _ or _ 404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception .
build the arguments for the publish service without the payload .
builds the object spec .
vertical bisection step in collins - krandick root isolation algorithm .
simulate a function that returns cpu usage
removes the partition with number .
read a sequence of tokens from a stream , where tokens begin with lines that match start _ re .
wrap all paragraphs in the provided text .
gather all checks and validations
if obj is text , emit a warning that it should be bytes instead and try to convert it to bytes automatically .
computes the maximum likelihood covariance estimator
only load if the gio and glib modules are available
restful crud controller
return true if datatype dtype is a float kind
split line at offsets .
factorization of the integer n .
generate a new dsa key pair .
create a certificate signed by a named certificate authority
follows foreign key of rereviewqueuetheme object to theme if in rereview queue .
calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string
returns a string that identifies the important options for the database .
create a single linode vm .
escape a unicode string in an oauth - compatible fashion .
export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
get fileno from file - like object .
return a key converted to the style of the xml output .
kills the process and all of the descendants .
create a profile of stringprep .
convert an image file using sips .
get the systems filesystem encoding .
return if any pynotify support is present
delete own task id
close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the cumulative line count .
only return if python - neutronclient is installed
tries some special tricks to get the distribution information in case the default method fails .
get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
construct an html representation of the given failure .
given a commit message , return a list of all jira ticket references in that message .
return union of two lists of case - insensitive strings a , b .
this updates a volume attachment and marks it as detached .
serialize a dictionary into an hstore literal .
add the given number of space characters to the beginning of every non - blank line in s , and return the result .
return true if trunk bridge for given id does not exists .
get the name of a chassis .
check metadata sent in the request headers .
return the list of users that are following the given organization .
exclude any items in input list containing astropy . vo . validator . conf . noncritical _ warnings .
only load if the influxdb08 module is available
returns the best available display name for the given function / callable .
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
creates a sitelink feed item .
returns a that can be used with reference sequence to reconstruct the read .
forces entering email for backends which dont provide it .
process files and log errors .
run tests on our djangoapps for lms and cms
this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
send order receipt email on successful order .
recursively yield all python source files below the given paths .
change the uid for a named user
returns the python version as tuple of strings .
uses uclust to calculate cluster ratio cluster _ ratio = num _ of _ seq _ in _ cluster _ with _ max _ seq divided by num _ of _ seq _ in cluster _ with _ second _ higest _ seq
filter the file removing comments if requested .
login using facebook
togows search count .
perform a circular hough transform .
convert colour into a nice pastel shade
get a generator that returns n - grams over the entire corpus , respecting sentence boundaries and inserting boundary tokens .
unregister a process handler previously registered with
queries posts from the specified episodes .
squared hinge loss .
html writer for multiprocessing support .
sort an iterable considering the cases where elements are signed data : list of tuples or strings .
clear a default value by any of the given parameters and delete caches .
return hex encoded md5 hash of string s
convert a list of strings into a canonical symbol .
hash all the hostnames in the known hosts file .
set the worker to activate state in the lbn load balancer
physicists hermite polynomial .
manage sopels blocking features .
fab - h username @ host up : appname
if partial hits were found , take preventive measure : grow the masked areas by 20 bases in each direction
partial fractions via method of undetermined coefficients .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root .
encode a list of features into an mvt stream .
create a documents list client .
conf _ paths is none by default , but - - no - conf or - - conf - path should make it a list .
process an extended or global header as described in posix . 1 - 2001 .
create a new jinja2 environment .
initialize a home assistant server .
list all roles and its members
display a popular icon .
transforms a comma seperated string to a list , stripping whitespaces " home , work , pref " - > [ home , work , pref ] string : string of comma seperated elements returns : list ( )
helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt - in is enabled .
rewrite legacy configuration to new format .
returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs
collects all children of the given module and calculates the cumulative score for this set of modules for the given user .
clean a url instance to string following these rules :
generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values .
normalizes a callback to a tuple
the tool shed and clients to the tool require a lot of similar functionality in this file but with small differences .
look up an enqueued job by its id .
flip the kernel as scipy . convolv2d do it flipped .
n - dimensional unitary fourier transform .
remove whitespace at the beggining and end of a token list .
helper for : meth : table . upload _ from _ file .
replace a mime part with new version ( decrypted , signature verified , . . .
indexes a search output file and returns a dictionary - like object .
convert a date in yyyymmdd format to yyyy - mm - dd format
clean all object caches on the given object .
check if the user exists .
post handler to mark the registration code as 1 ) valid 2 ) invalid 3 ) unredeem .
check if a file exists .
get all services that match the criteria .
returns count of unseen likes
show the details of an existing static address .
returns a unicode object representing s .
get from top level default from desktop
replaces space character ( ) with a random blank character from a valid set of alternate characters
return the current time in seconds with high precision ( windows version , use manager . time ( ) to stay platform independent . )
restore snapshot into correct directories .
returns for all autogenerated permissions .
subtract labeled polynomial g from f .
return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution .
display a confirmation page asking the user if they want to leave .
generate a hotp code .
get endpoint segment from a path .
normalize markdownd html .
return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
construct a cacheable dict of object info based on response headers .
this sleeps for y seconds for use with timing tests .
create a firewall rule
check if the desired _ max _ fp rate makes sense .
module action handler
create a new equalizer , with initial frequency values copied from an existing preset .
a single category .
guarantees that the source directory is always copied to the target .
return a minions configuration for the provided options and vm
define an endpoint _ ref having a pre - 3 . 2 form .
try to fix imports with multiple dots , by returning a dictionary with the import names expanded .
restful crud controller
create a bpderror subclass for a static code and message .
add beveled cylinder to outputs given bevel , endz , radiusarealized and start .
check version string v > = check
projects the elements of points onto the sphere defined by center and radius .
returns average bpm listening to enter keystrokes .
a simple parser for content - type values .
take a pycuda . gpuarray . gpuarray and make a cudandarray that point to its memory
function to create upload dispatcher .
returns a form for a user to send an invitation .
nocase is an re which matches the same strings as re , but treating upper and lower case letters as equivalent .
return a dict describing specific volume _ type .
features can run only specified scenarios , by tags
decorator used to capture the arguments of a function .
prepare overrides and create _ site _ db _ site _ db . keys ( ) need to be ready for filter _ translations
escape html in json value , including nested items .
set the scaling of the * x * - axis .
return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
collect all kinds of bears from bear directories given in the sections .
scrolls horizontally or vertically a clip , e . g . to make end credits
filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . txt like file content to feed pip
return the run - time length of a symbolic vector .
read and return settings from a file .
factor polynomials in z [ x ] .
try to find projects root and add it to sys . path
preserve the initial plugin listeners as they would otherwise be deleted after the first setup / tear down cycle .
to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as an language .
n329 - dont use mutable default arguments .
shallow copy operation on arbitrary python objects .
retrieve users according to the given parameters .
select a function for running a command , either using sudo ( 8 ) or not .
return a valid tuple by continually prompting the user .
find all folders under the specified root path , ignoring any folders under the library path of db
get total citations .
render a task graph using dot .
returns the number of answers a user has .
download and extract the tarball from alexs website .
returns grade based on the grading scale and score .
try to work out a reasonable column name from parameter description
returns a : class : session for context - management .
check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible .
print a message on the right of screen
auto - discover installed _ apps admin . py modules and fail silently when not present .
doesnt actually change anything , just make sure we could ; - )
build a child environment using the parent environment and params .
harami cross pattern
get the model depended weighting factor for n .
escape markup characters found in the text .
this is the future version of cycle with auto - escaping .
decorator to run a function only on the last invocation .
must have the following signature : evt _ list = somecustomparsername where : read _ time : the time when the serial device read ( ) returned with the new rx _ data .
request for upgrade account to acc _ type .
remove sequences very different from the majority consensus given aligned sequences , will : 1 .
return a generator representing the : term : lineage of the
construct pillar from file tree .
fetches a sequence of keys .
recursively split dyadic tuples to produce a dag .
attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
return the current date in iso 8601 format : yyyy - mm - dd .
disassemble a code object .
formats a string per microsoft ad password specifications .
view decorator that requires permission to view and regenerate certificates .
use a shared cluster that is initialized on demand , and that is torn down at process exit .
stub function to decode a topojson file into a list of features .
prepare the request uri query .
counts the number of basic changes a change will make
returns a dict containing the data in instance suitable for passing as a forms initial keyword argument .
renders the given text as markdown
return a defaultdict of classname to count mappings .
checks the string output returned from the given function , and frees the string pointer allocated by ogr .
if the current tcl installation is a teapot - distributed version of activetcl and * the current platform is os x , log a non - fatal warning that the resulting executable will fail to run on non - host systems .
clobber the _ ct _ inventory attribute of this object
prepopulates the vlan _ bindings table
compute the inverse of the hilbert matrix of order n .
take action on user login .
solves a first order linear partial differential equation with constant coefficients .
return a string which represents imports as a tree
safely finds a unique file .
look up a username based on an email address , and send an email containing the username if found
escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
parse a boolean environment variable .
sends a specific data store file to the server .
return folder / drive free space .
get the repository constructor .
update the certificate file family symlinks
create a user with administrator permissions
loads the appropriate kvm kernel modules depending on the current cpu architecture
encrypts a message using encryption key ekey , working modulo n
determine which nssites models are present and parse them .
set the default namespace for the current http request .
elementwise logarithm function to the base 2 .
get a password from the user
re - render a chunk of documents .
make sure a given dependency is installed
for local installation some config - vars need to be rewritten .
to reduce docstrings from turtlescreen class for functions
converts a string argument to a byte string
like djangos redirect _ to except that url is passed to reverse .
stubs out the db api for creating instances .
returns a dict describing specific volume _ type
create pytree nodes to represent the given comment prefix .
in ascii85 encoding , every four bytes are encoded with five ascii letters , using 85 different types of characters .
return true if the node is inside a kind of for loop
returns an illumina 1 . 3 to 1 . 7 fastq encoded quality string .
create an iis binding .
return libdnet / scapy device name for given pypcap device name
writes a rectangle to an ini file
return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k .
filter signal using gain control points in the frequency domain .
load this state if the win _ lgpo module exists
return pathname as a name that will work on the native filesystem ,
returns listing of all tags
creates a property which calls methods get _ xxx and set _ xxx of the underlying object to get and set the property value , so that the propertys behaviour may be easily overridden by subclasses .
return the inverse of m , assuming that either there are lots of zeros or the size of the matrix is small .
at some point ill want to have persistent db for storing the kb and other information across different w3af processes , or simply to save the findings in a kb and dont remove them .
convert float to string , taking the locale into account .
return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
displays a float to a specified number of decimal places .
parse the query : line of exonerate alignment outputs .
function that returns true if the connection is made to a vcenter server and
extract phred qualities from a seqrecords letter _ annotations .
write the videoclip to a gif file .
test fallback for pickling compound model on old versions of python affected by URL
checks for access to the internet , raise error if no access .
returns a set of sharing strategies supported on a current system .
start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
returns the list of input tensors necessary to compute tensor .
handle the result of a trust decision and respond to the rp accordingly .
determine absolute sizes of training subsets and validate train _ sizes .
decorator factory to track time changes .
returns first translation in subproject .
validate a single nodes links .
make an md5 hash of a file , ignoring any differences in line ending characters .
sets the image url and in _ progress action sw based on status .
checks if the frequency setting is the same as the default pi setting .
given a datetime , return a dict in csl - json date - variable schema
jitter a gcode linear move text .
iterate over a tree entries dictionary .
checks that value is non - empty and of the right type .
unicode - safe quote - accepts str + unicode - python 2 requires str , not unicode - always return unicode
expected inclusion _ two _ params _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
sends input to stdin .
count the words in the input documents using mapreduce
resolves subworkflow in a subworkflow node
wait until the a process encounters a line with matching prefix .
consume the cloudsearch _ changes queue , and print reporting information on how long it took and how many remain
create an out parameter for usage in functions , for databases which support them .
get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
determine freshness from the date , expires and cache - control headers .
return a set of services that are installed but disabled
checks to see if a user already exists .
restful crud controller for modem channels - appears in the administration menu
returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
returns perc of seqs w / invalid chars , barcodes , or primers present input _ fasta _ fp : fasta filepath barcodes : set of barcodes from the mapping file linkerprimerseqs : set of linkerprimersequences from the mapping file total _ seq _ count : total number of sequences in fasta file valid _ chars : currently allowed dna chars
validate preferredbackupwindow for dbinstance
takes a config key for a database connection url and parses it into a dictionary .
get the version of the project .
return whether barcode is valid , and attempt correction .
prefetches string values from disk into an input queue .
generate an arg list marking tupleargs
retrieves configured ntp servers
create local s3 image represented by provided uuid .
rank tests based on smallest canonical correlation coefficients
parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files
fetches the deployments public key .
transform a platerecord object into a dictionary .
write the modules to the requirements _ all . txt .
when given a provided _ by noniterable value , require ( ) aborts
write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings .
postprocess an expression after common subexpression elimination to return the expression to canonical sympy form .
inception v2 model for classification .
expand shell variables of form $ var and $ { var } .
encodes multipart post data from a dictionary of form values .
test with a simple html text .
confine this module to debian based distros
runs all the trigger scripts in a given directory .
extracts the last windows error message into a python unicode string
tries to make a date out of the value .
call pip to install the templates .
returns a driver instance for the given name .
filters map according to several criteria .
collect and aggregate the exit survey results for the date .
receives the input given by the user from gen _ payload . py
update the simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss _ config
setup the ecobee thermostat platform .
generic multivariate archimedean copula
make predictions using a single binary estimator .
print the cluster seeds of a mapping to out _ fp .
saves current social - auth status to session .
download subtitles in given paths according to the criteria
configure email notification addresses .
some features may need to be mapped due to inconsistency between how they appear from " show feature " output and how they are configured
group behave args by scope into multiple test - runs .
display the craft dialog .
returns a nova client
converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
returns the table of expected frequencies from the given table of observed frequencies .
programmatic entry point for running tests .
hexbin - decode binhexed file
destroy all resources that have a name beginning with base _ name .
gets the names of team members in lower case .
append a rule to the specified table / chain .
get extra spec value .
format the provided iso date time string for human friendly display taking into user timezone specific in the config .
check that zmq . h has an appropriate version .
return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes
standard username / password combinations that could be applicable to any device .
remove original unmodified values for testing
return a formatted and translated time string
release media discover object .
returns a list of resource pools for the the specified host .
check if a refname is correctly formatted .
create and attach multiple volumes to a node .
completely delete path max _ retries is the number of times to retry on failure .
test fixture run once after all tests of this module
generate self - signed ssl key and certificate .
helper function for matching certain directives .
namespace handler for the tree config namespace .
take a sympy expression with operators and states and apply the operators .
given a valid config , update the policy for a bucket .
take the full path path , and make it a relative path .
get only the latest version of each tool from the database whose state is approved
feeds source _ vocabs compound keys back to it , to discover phrases
gets the cifar - 100 dataset .
virtual field for hrm _ programme _ hours - returns the date of the first day of the month of this entry , used for programme hours report .
minify javascript based on jsmin . c by douglas crockford _ .
break path into a list of pairs of the form .
return function that filters a table to its core observations table : the biom - format table object to filter sample _ ids : list of sample ids of interest for the core computation fraction _ for _ core : the fraction of the sample _ ids that an observation must have a non - zero count for to be considered a core observation
takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more " human - readable " format .
set the memory address or device node for your parallel port of your parallel port , to be used in subsequent commands
return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname .
create a conda environment .
send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter : put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry : if positive , how many times to resend unanswered packets if negative , how many times to retry when no more packets are answered timeout : how much time to wait after the last packet has been sent verbose : set verbosity level multi : whether to accept multiple answers for the same stimulus filter : provide a bpf filter iface : work only on the given interface
skeleton command line program
invoke remote _ api to download appstats data .
add a new affiliation record
remove all universal build arguments from config vars
install one or more arch linux packages .
builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
return a nice html document describing a given traceback .
yields blocks of rows from a cursor and ensures the cursor is closed when done .
given a function name and alias name describe the properties of the alias .
start a vpn .
add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command , as a map from group name to counter name to amount .
ensure an elb does not exist name name of the elb
fetch the sentry _ conf value , either from the click context if available , or sentry _ conf environment variable .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
test that moto correctly tags a spot instance request
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a matchfirst for best performance .
returns the pytz timezone for a given profile .
return the absolute path of a file without following any final symlink .
loads translated strings and fallback to english if the translation does not exist .
return the complete graph k _ n with n nodes .
checks the given ogrerr , and raises an exception where appropriate .
returns true if expected = = actual , or returns false and logs .
in libvirt under 1 . 2 . 6 dhcp leases are stored in file .
check if the doctype matches a regular expression .
create a horizon chart using : class : horizonbuilder to render the geometry from values .
common function for package removal
checks whether user can lock translation subproject .
packs float ieee binary representation into 4 unsigned int8
returns a list of explorations the user has completed within the context of the provided collection .
set up the cups sensor .
checks if x . data and y . data have the same contents .
send a message to nagios with the data
return the platform dependent orange cache directory .
resets the currently used sqlite database .
sends an rpc and returns the response .
dump a stack trace into the debug file .
remove the service user .
helper for run _ module
compute a definite integral .
create a torrent file from the supplied input .
remove the named container . .
for a utc timestamp , return the date in the us / pacific timezone .
validate a username / password combo , returning true / false
takes a dict and returns it with some values standardised .
parameter _ declaration : declaration _ specifiers abstract _ declarator _ opt
ax1 : the main axes ax1 : the zoomed axes : the limits of the colored area in both plot axes .
create and return a temporary file .
return coefficients for seasonal difference just a trivial convenience function
convert a string , or a json payload , or a dict in the right format , into a boto . ec2 . blockdevicemapping . blockdevicemapping as needed by instance _ present ( ) .
there are unicode conversion problems with re . subn .
update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure .
partition a list of variables into two kinds : scalar constants , and the rest .
get the interpret plugins directory path .
convert wavelength to optical frequency
serve mini manifest for yulelogs packaged . zip .
get the last message that a user sent to the currently logged in user
default action which deletes the selected objects .
initiate a post request .
adjust some properties of axes .
compute the recall
usergroup add a user
convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column , with true / false values for absolute rows or columns .
return a dict with vc and a temporary dir that is a repository for testing .
set attribute value , but only if its not already set .
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
websocket endpoint ; takes a topic get param .
shows some statistics about the matched items .
generate the running dict tag string from the low data structure
a fft - based gaussian kernel density estimate for computing the kde on a regular grid .
returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date
rotate the kill ring , and yank the new top .
get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer .
clear out cached entries from _ zip _ directory _ cache .
parse a makefile - style file .
configure server to pxe perform a one off pxe boot
extract test cases given a recipes meta . yaml file .
check if the character at position i can be a potential single char separator considering whats before it .
get matrix starting from the object if it exists , otherwise get a matrix starting from stratch .
add states to control here .
test averaging with acqparserfif vs .
idc add view
extract counters and errors from history log .
creates a logical port on the assigned logical router
helper decorator for methods that exhausts the stream on return .
add a resource zone : string name of zone resource _ type : string type of resource resource _ selector : string unique resource identifier kwargs : string | int | . . .
customize compiler path and configuration variables .
compare the dict returned by get _ platform _ info ( ) with the values specified in the url _ template element .
get a value
returns the unicode encoding type .
factorize argument checking for random matrix generation
return cohort settings for a course .
sha1 hashing ( c )
test reactive rectpolygon attributes
submits an action to be performed on a given virtual machine .
return elements from the iterable in chunksize - ed lists .
return a dictionary of our items with hashes for each file .
for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
replace the first entries in a deque of strings with a single string of up to size bytes .
attempt to bind to the sockets to verify that they are available
create and append the child nodes from the xmltext .
make sure that array is 2d , square and symmetric .
create a new instance type .
send pending email messages
return true if the given name node is used in function default arguments value
income statement view page
create a reservation for the given project and resource .
preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are numpy arrays with a specific dimensionality .
return data in jit json format .
a coroutine that performs necessary file manipulations * after * items have been added to the library and finalizes each task .
helper function to logout
scan through string looking for a match to the pattern , returning a match object , or none if no match was found .
build standard module data from doctypes .
parse stats response from mesos
return the cygwin install directory based on the architecture .
create a shallow copy of image meta with location removed for security .
copies the array if its base points to a parent array .
processes and saves a subset of images as tfrecord files in one thread .
parse a gitmodules gitconfig file , returning submodules .
return a list of flattened key names given a dict .
setup the flic platform .
create a project from a cookiecutter project template .
create a symbolic link from path to dest .
renders the login page .
make maps for charts and accounts
since weibo is a rubbish server , it does not follow the standard , we need to change the authorization header for it .
public function to sleep some time .
return real number x to exact pair .
read an verify an intel hex file .
restful crud controller - unused
reverse the dictionary - - may lose data if values are not unique !
remove all traces of a manifestation from a nodestate .
convert human - readable units to bytes
download the corresponding atis file from URL ~ mesnilgr / atis
render a cheetah template .
decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt ( ) function .
creates the standard binary representation of a thrift object .
display a feed to standard out .
given the parameters of a distribution , generate numsamples points from it .
error if the domain contains unexpected characters .
tell the web service that were running in gui mode
checks the data _ query _ time and data _ query _ tz arguments for loaders and raises a standard exception if one is none and the other is not .
drop - in replacement for scipy . ndimage . gaussian _ filter .
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
return list of dynamic libraries formatted for mod . binaries .
get python input examples and output messages
determine if a name is a class private name .
return logged - in users .
augment instance " status " attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished .
returns true if the target type is such that it needs to be built .
render a bootstrap alert
gets the default ca certificates if found , otherwise none .
blend two images with weights as in alpha .
open a file in a safe way and return : exc : httpresponse with status code 200 , 305 , 401 or 404 .
return a url appropriate for the arguments passed .
return string with comma separated values
list all labjack devices of a specific type over a specific connection type .
sets or unsets the " needs rollback " flag - - for * advanced use * only .
get a list of all ebs volumes , optionally filtered by provided filters param . .
another really simple view to provide an endpoint for the occupation url .
this function is run in a separate thread .
start event dump .
return true if module * module _ name * is installed
get a new qwebview object .
generator that yields all ckan python source files .
returns the fontsize needed to make text fit within each row .
return compiled marker as a function accepting an environment dict .
build a list of human - readable labels .
return a connection object connected to the socket given by address
get the mouse pointer coordinates over a video .
returns a list of clusters in opennebula .
helper function for pretty - printing a sentence with its pos tags .
if iface is available , return interface info and no error , otherwise return no info and log and return an error
decorator which will print a warning message on the first call .
returns one of matrix norms specified by ord parameter .
calculate the minkowski hull of 2 convex polygons
builds a credentials object based on the configured auth _ version
set the craft profile repository .
patch the configdata module to provide fake section _ desc .
only load module if dig binary is present
returns true if the given object is an adatetime with any of its attributes equal to none .
convert a string like a variable name into a slightly more human - friendly string with spaces and capitalized letters .
parses an xml file from the ncbi entrez utilities into python objects .
create an html fragment preview of the posted wiki syntax .
returns a random value chosen from the zipf distribution , guaranteed to be less than or equal to the value threshold .
setup and plot the demonstration figure with a given style .
set effective group id .
activate pdp context reject section 9 . 5 . 3
creates new instances .
anyone can sign up , unless we have set the restricted flag
find the cells where search is found in the datatable search : the string to search for .
takes a tar file handle and a tarinfo object inside that tarfile and optionally transforms it and then writes it out to output _ filename
add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any .
returns true if the given font is a postscript compact font format
produce the url for a resource provider .
transcribe the given audio file .
coerce sound to valid sound name .
get precision based on docfield options and fieldvalue in doc
take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k [ x ] .
sets the pants scm .
scan the string s for a json string .
decorator that determine when to stop tab - completion
quote a subset of the email addresses defined by rfc 821 .
checks if a database exists in mongodb
save / update the minion list for a given jid .
wrapper around c _ cleanup that decrefs py _ name .
code a single line as quoted - printable .
special case serializer .
get the address of a modbus request
wrap a function so that results for any argument tuple are stored in cache .
schedules twitter query search immediately after save depending on flag
try to convert x to int , or return x if that fails .
guidos monkeypatch decorator .
ad - hoc parser for netscape protocol cookie - attributes .
multiplies together the num most recent values .
parse a counters field from a pre - yarn history file .
returns a list of vapps for the the specified host .
get a location for system - wide data .
jump _ statement : return expression _ opt semi
run the given function in an independent python interpreter .
normalizes the ids argument for browse to a tuple .
update the flow database from airodump csv files
checks if key is a deprecated option and if so , prints a warning .
remove the trailing slash from the uri in a repo definition
return an environment dict for executing subcommands in .
get the named sources and place them into the tree _ base
function to decorate methods in order to catch ioerror exceptions .
check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation .
returns people following user but user isnt following .
count replacement needed for a given codon _ set .
create a single vm from a data dict
returns a dictionary with the raw output of all commands passed as arguments .
returns the log determinant of s * i + a * b * a .
returns true if the user is privileged in teams discussions for this course .
used to make an http request and get the response .
kludge so we can use requests versions below or above 1 . x
print text to standard output .
returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc .
test if password is valid .
returns all datastore entities from all namespaces as a list .
displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
test mne inverse computation on volume source space
test installing a wheel using pip install - - target
we need the junos adapter libraries for this module to work .
l1 norm for tf .
gets a number , and returns it as a string , using formats defined as arguments : decimal _ sep : decimal separator symbol decimal _ pos : number of decimal positions grouping : number of digits in every group limited by thousand separator .
turns a callable object into a real function
revoke all user certs .
parses the output spec .
get a list containing cartesian product of data types , plus a getter routine .
an alias for print whose output is managed by fabrics output controls .
define a l1 regularizer .
installs a threaded twisted reactor , which will schedule one reactor iteration before the next frame only when twisted needs to do some work .
returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk .
squared euclidean or frobenius norm of x .
returns a full list of directories leading up to , and including , a path .
looks for the specified member in markupsafe - escaped html output
behave like a file finder entrypoint plugin .
build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping .
creates a http response containing json or jsonp data .
run cmd and return a popen instance .
click the action button in the datatable
read index points and dig points from bti head shape file .
return datetime object from timestamp in excel serial format .
validates that the value is unique for this field .
open a file in binary mode , spot if it is bgzf format etc .
determine a release name from an nzb and / or folder name
escapes a windows command - line argument for use by msbuild .
setup docs in target folder of target app
converts a string into all lowercase
applies instant output plugin to a multi - type collection .
publicizes an collection .
swap two axes of a variable .
expected inclusion _ tag _ current _ app _ _ doc _ _
configure and start apscheduler
left rotates a list x by the number of steps specified in y .
write the core properties to xml .
determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text .
checks whether user can overwrite translation on given project .
delete a child zone .
find a room by name and return it .
determines if switchport has a default config based on mode
check and convert internal representations back to sessions .
returns token url for the course .
fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts .
creates multiple clones according to config using a model _ fn .
blocks nova db access .
return information about each nic installed on the system as a dictionary whose keys are the
lead index page
poll request status until resource is provisioned .
make matplotlib figure with no toolbar .
given a gce disk resource , determines the unicode name of the machine that it is attached to .
unwraps a function that is wrapped with : func : functools . partial ( )
starts or stops a virtual machine .
converts a string into all uppercase .
parses a posix character class .
converts a string to its lexicographical order .
get all options for region ids
set the global timeout setting to connect .
perform the minimum ratio test , without tie breaking , for the candidate rows in argmins [ : num _ candidates ] .
create node positions for g using graphviz .
wrap comparison operations to convert timedelta - like to timedelta64
detrend pcoa scores in input _ fp input _ fp : path to pcoa file map _ fp : path to metadata table gradient _ variable : column header for gradient variable in metadata table suppress _ prerotate : true including metadata but dont want prerotation output _ dir : directory where output should be written
sets the time at which the password expires .
runs a wsgi - function with an scgi server .
writes the message to the log file using the error level .
renumber arbitrary constants in expr to have numbers 1 through n where n is endnumber - startnumber + 1 at most .
sends a vpn negotiation packet and returns the server session .
split host and port , returning numeric port .
multi - dimensional binary hit - or - miss transform .
checks overlap for specified feild .
restful crud controller
sends a notification event on a topic .
hopefully pretty robust repr equivalent .
smooth the data using a window with requested size .
provides a dialog for merging branches
set the number if inactive days before the account is locked .
changes a sinks filter .
iterate over columns of a selection of the keyword table .
decode stream from index offset and further into a python data structure .
apply provider facts to supplied facts dict
sets the target = " _ blank " for hyperlinks .
send emails out for respective review actions taken on themes .
delete a key = value pair from the metadata for an image
list available layers , or infos on a given layer class or name
install a single requirement .
get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path
generates a unique login token for the specified user .
when using djangos i18n _ patterns , we need a language - neutral variant of the current url to be able to use set _ language to change languages .
filter to check that qos allows retyping the volume to new _ vol _ type .
run the validator against a file at the given path , and return the results .
extract messages from makos lexer node objects
create the best argument for a raise macos . error
skip a test if the condition is true .
a version of reload ( ) that supports netproxies
returns a cookiejar from a key / value dictionary .
registers this method as an intent with given id
compute student profile information for a course and upload the
render an html form with posts to the hosted payment processor .
a no - op state that does nothing .
decorator that logs an error on connection issues 9 out of 10 doctors say that connection errors are usually because
conditional _ expression : logical _ or _ expression condop expression colon conditional _ expression
compare version packages .
a subbundle that is unmergable will be pulled into a separate job .
expected simple _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
get a list of account ids that an ip has accessed .
convert a date string to a datenum using
dump an element tree without using et . dump ( ) which ( 1 ) uses xml syntax , ( 2 ) can blow up if an attribute is set to none accidentally .
install dependencies and install gvm import fabtools # install gvm fabtools . gvm . install ( )
format nested dict / list / tuple structures into a more human - readable string
create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note .
get the languages supported by the device for strings
hook to write a warning to a file ; replace if you like .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
returns outgoing email account based on append _ to or the default outgoing account .
controller to download form list and individual forms
return the contents of the interface routes script .
run a command as subprocess , collect its output and returncode .
external regex decorator .
get widdershins path with overhangs filled in .
executes a command in a subprocess .
set a config item , using values in dictionary
fixture providing an empty qwebhistory .
verify that a string is a valid host - name , return it lowercased .
the args / kwargs params are the same as in api . script .
measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution
add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences
helper to look up a model from an " app _ label . module _ name " string .
does our pretty printing , makes matt very happy
return permutations for an nxn rubiks cube .
evaluate gaussian in d - dimensions with independent mean m and variance v at the points in x .
return true if jail exists false if not
list locally installed gems .
roc auc score .
returns true if the specified service is available , otherwise returns false .
set vispy data download directory
convert to the old format of clusters , which were bool arrays .
add constant * const * to * val * .
converts a quantize amount [ 0 .
set configuration values
returns directory path for a given filepath > > > directorypath / var / log
residual convolutional network .
check that a trivial example using pkg _ resources does build .
walks over all the names imported in a dotted _ as _ names node .
assume an object is composed of n records , where the first n - 1 are all the same size and the last is at most that large , but may be smaller .
truncate a string , attempting to split on a word - break .
get value for name format : gmond _ prefix _ + fs _ + metric
parse input arguments .
logs an error for each line containing bad characters .
activate watching a question .
returns main version from version .
find a radius r between * rmin * and * rmax * at which it intersect with the path .
returns the units , unit name , and spheroid wkt associated with the given srid from the spatial _ ref _ sys spatial database table for the given database connection .
this function is used to pre - process thread and comment models in various ways before adding them to the http response .
parse a list of volume configuration .
start the specified service
system swap memory as namedtuple .
convert from cone space to rgb .
bind all config instances found inside the given module to the given data .
helper to fill in directives
delegate method calls to base manager , if exists .
create and return a temporary directory .
read datasource properties in the running jboss instance .
add ban to the varnish cache
convert ctf channel information to fif format .
change windows update settings .
provides a bit to bit and of provided addresses .
create a single vm from a data dict
whether operator * op * on * cls * is inherited from the root object type .
determines if filename is valid .
get a list of students that opened a particular subsection .
return list of tuples for all the files in directory d
return a random graph with given expected degrees .
this will pass the config file to the create _ app function .
returns a group of filters combined with and .
validate and return the requested cpu policy .
convert image to other format , doing unsafe automatic input format detection .
get the x intersection if it exists .
return user from a username / ish identifier
quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane
this ensures that the application will respond to open appleevents , which makes is feasible to use idle as the default application for python files .
add the closest point to a path , if the point added to a path is free .
run module sanity checks .
removes all chars in repl from string
convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices .
a view that is requested with accesses request . read .
parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 3 . 1 .
fetch remote tags available for supplied image name .
save the certificate for master icinga2 node .
redirect the client to a desired location .
removes duplicates from lista neglecting its initial ordering
return current date as yyyy - mm - dd
returns the version string for the namespace that was previously required through require _ version or none
compute the min alignment length as n standard deviations below the mean
open file for reading .
generates exists notification for an instance for usage auditing purposes .
check for buildout versions .
compute csd from tapered spectra .
return prefixed href .
return a nicely formatted string for a task .
given a url returns a list of breadcrumbs , which are each a tuple of .
respond with csv which contains a summary of all generated codes .
return whether coverage is currently running .
merge one app config into another .
add a box select tool to your plot which draws a rect on box select .
clean orphaned vdis .
yield all messages from one source csv file .
mimic routine of erfa / src / t _ erfa _ c . c
save the resized version of the background image
find app by name .
return square - free decomposition of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
approximation of multiple texts bounds
generates a body for a chunk of text .
deep copy the given element , removing annotations .
indicates if the request context is an administrator .
list files and directories
send the collected data to dweet . io .
returns the given value as a python byte string .
cleanup temporary dirs / files to regain a clean state .
resize a directory tree full of images into thumbnails
construct a reference ; the signature is the same as for key .
update the notification settings for the creator or contributors
perform a query to vault
check that an image test result matches a pre - approved standard .
test using a 3d texture
this is helpful to make a reproducible case for problems during theano compilation .
dumps all options from the config file .
gets a int from a token , if it fails , returns the string .
set the password for a named user .
return the targets from the flat yaml file , checks opts for location but defaults to / etc / salt / roster
check if an rpm package is installed .
wait for an instance upon creation from the ec2 api , to become available
returns an appropriate rfc2047 encoded representation of the given header parameter value , suitable for direct assignation as the param value ( e . g . via message . set _ param ( ) or message . add _ header ( ) )
sends an email .
define a unique string for any set of representable args .
test spatio - temporal connectivity from source spaces
create the parser for the program .
fire an event off up to the master server
create a style dict from the given config .
helper method for defining nested lists enclosed in opening and closing delimiters ( " " are the default ) .
find the most recent previous version of this add - on , prior to version , that can be used to compare validation results or issue upgrade warnings .
print a deprecation warning to stderr .
yield for all possible modes and format characters plus one random compound format string .
set memo [ node ] = obj for all nodes in expr such that node . obj = = lit
set up appengine sdk third - party imports .
test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
delete tests files ( to be used as teardown ( ) function in test fixtures )
games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria .
re - scan for underlying temper sensors and assign them to our devices .
get the svg text .
openid login endpoint
generate tax class proportions from taxed lines .
given patterns in any of the permitted input forms , return a dict whose keys are column indices and whose values are functions which return a boolean value whether the value passes .
split the requested path into .
raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
calculates the finite difference weights for an arbitrarily spaced one - dimensional grid for derivatives at x0 of order 0 , 1 , . . . , up to order using a recursive formula .
given the url to an image , resizes the image using the given width and height on the first time it is requested , and returns the url to the new resized image .
return all installed services
given a valid config , update the notification parameters for a bucket .
generate c + + code for a python interface and gateway header _ file _ name - - the full path to the . h file which defines the interface .
drops a core file for the process .
wrapper on image _ resize _ image , to resize images larger than the standard big image size : 1024x1024px .
serializes a function
turn a configparser into a nested dict because configparser objects are dumb .
takes a size string from the config and turns it into int .
extracts the statement on a specific line from an ast .
persist a user id and a backend in the request .
an appscale - specific method that callers can use to find out what port
the main wsgi application .
create json - rpc result response
add vertex elements to an xml element .
open filepath using the editor specified by the environment variables
add a new batchjob to upload operations to .
fake version of os . utime .
reboots a server into rescue mode , which starts the machine from either the initial image or a specified image , attaching the current boot disk as secondary .
converts any given object to unicode string .
tests that the grbm _ smd example script runs correctly
lists all virtual networks available to the user and the users groups .
normalizes a string of characters representing a phone number .
builds an http client authenticated with the service account credentials .
simple args to unicode conversion and concatenation .
assemble test suite for doctests in path
equivalent of numpy . zeros _ like
cast all returned strings to unicode strings .
builds a config spec for the addition of a new network adapter to the vm .
get all the clusters in the vcenter .
returns a new domain expression where all domain components from domains have been added together using the binary operator operator .
check that the keys in arg _ val _ dict are mapped to their default values as specified in compat _ args .
turns a factory function into a new factory function that guarentees unique return values .
validate the parsing features
swap single and double curly brackets
computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1 - d arrays .
reply to all
collect all original and dependant cube attributes for attributes , sorted by their dependency : starting with attributes that dont depend on anything .
get keystone authentication token
returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
escapes special characters from a js string .
prints app status
creates the # 1 player and limbo room .
return the type of the given number against the metadata
run the acceptance tests for either lms or cms
helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor .
find ecg peaks from one selected ica source .
wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream .
get the areal radius from the radius , number of sides and cascade radiusareal .
alteration a gcode linear move text .
converts int _ or _ tuple to height , width .
find the effective style for the given element .
apply dropout to specified variables in a graph .
return the n - dimensional grid graph .
validate a user against a resource .
kegg conv - convert kegg identifiers to / from outside identifiers target _ db - target database source _ db _ or _ dbentries - source database or database entries option - can be " turtle " or " n - triple " .
return archives entries .
tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
perform download using external application .
read in a line delimited file of environment variables .
mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border .
extracts known options to basic _ publish from a dict , and returns a new dict .
when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave _ as , that step should not be marked as success .
if p is a scalar , compute the pth power of each element of the matrix mat , otherwise raise each element of the matrix mat to the power given by the corresponding element of the matrix p .
create and return a temporary file .
returns true if the ipv6 address are valid , otherwise returns false .
add the x intersection indexes for a loop .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
if working in a request context , push task signature to thread - local queue to run after request is complete ; else run signature immediately .
clears an index completely .
remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping .
paginate a list of entries .
persist a user id and a backend in the request .
coerces arg into a list .
create multiple service mappings with optional registryservice .
returns a lazy messages context variable .
returns the user instance of the currently authenticated user .
read csstext from url and decode it using all relevant methods .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
returns a new copy of default parameters
executes a function after this request .
decode a pem block into binary .
update the current * individual * with values from a gaussian centered on mu * and standard deviation * sigma * .
returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
returns a expiring object container name for given x - delete - at and a / c / o .
run the javascript tests
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
get the bottom of the path .
drop privileges to specified user and group
return the relative path to the file , assuming the file is in the doc _ build _ dir directory .
get strokeradius by prefix .
given a reason for cluster termination , check if its because a bootstrap action terminated with an error .
get the widdershins by length .
gets a set of all models that are installed , given a list of existing tables
return mock devices .
check for the existence of an index and if it exists , return it
qz decomposition for a pair of matrices with reordering .
parse a line in the input file into
decorator to make a function that returns via callback return a future .
detect the vcs used in the specified directory and return a l { gitcommand } if the directory is a git repository .
fetch the contents of url and try to extract the pages title .
dask array indexing with slices and integers
ensure that the keystone user is present with the specified properties .
checks if an identifier string is a valid email
server debug hook .
get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path .
return all tests in a suite , recursing through nested suites
sum of the largest k eigenvalues .
rest controller for impact types
makes a secure channel for an rpc service .
send an arp request src _ mac can be none to use the " dpid mac " or true to use the port mac .
loads all configuration files , retrieves bears and all needed settings , saves back if needed and warns about non - existent targets .
skip test decorator .
adjust the incoming callable such that a self argument is not required .
called from main . wsgibase to rewrite the http response .
build and return item from track _ info and album info objects .
returns a json representation of the journal .
return a datatable using the selected filter options
return the aliases found in the aliases file in this format : : { alias : target }
resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
load fully tracked orm objects into one big list ( ) .
merge multiple roles .
retrive object from name
returns tuple of length 2 .
check if we want to skip this module .
decorator to set crossdomain configuration on a flask view
determines the users preferred editor
environment builder and module loader .
returns true if the passed in function is identified as a method
unindex documents specified by cls and ids
merge a data structure into another by choosing a merge strategy
retrieve the number of projects currently indexed .
build a gceblockdeviceapi instance using data from configuration
return a list of all known resources .
return a sorted list of ns prime factors , ignoring multiplicity and any composite factor that remains if the limit was set too low for complete factorization .
check for db calls from nova / virt
a factory for generating unordered , picklable mailbox classes .
get a record from a zone .
ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new _ domains .
returns a security groups id from the given security group name .
fetch a config value
wait for an http server to respond at url
make sure we have a placed to save the merged - ca - bundle and system - ca - bundle
main entry point for module execution
sort allowed _ list by protocol and port .
set up the beaglebone black gpio devices .
return the module name for a given file , or none .
a timestamp suitable for subunit
create n users in the database
returns a queryset from a model , manager , or queryset .
make sure that for urls with xblock resource url , which start with / static / , we dont rewrite them , even if these are served from an absolute url like a cdn .
create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests .
reset the id sequence for a model .
warn if dependencies arent met .
gets the list of variables to restore .
converts an expr to a string of javascript code
get profile for one tooth of a cylindrical gear .
read yaml and json files .
apply an alpha to the colors provided .
render a stats series in csv .
levinson - durbin recursion for autoregressive processes
returns a compiled template object for the given template name , handling template inheritance recursively .
remove index that are subsets of other indexes .
calculate the angle between 3 vectors representing 3 connected points .
return an iterator over the pairs of a dictionary .
return the build number of the current linux distribution , as a string , if provided .
setup the demo image _ processing platform .
apply non - maximum suppression to all predicted boxes output by the test _ net method .
returns the number of nonisomorphic trees
checks that the given string has no profanities in it .
style transfer optimization callback for scipy . optimize . minimize ( ) .
retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
handler for relational > > > from sympy . assumptions . refine import refine _ relational > > > from sympy . assumptions . ask import q > > > from sympy . abc import x > > > refine _ relational ( x < 0 , ~ q . is _ true )
returns piped input via stdin , else none .
this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax / logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy - max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample : it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label .
wrap the osprofiler trace _ cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config
generate a sparse symmetric definite positive matrix .
runs a python interactive interpreter .
delete a resource type association or raise if not found .
the main function of the runpermutations utility .
copy libzmq into source dir , and patch it if necessary .
get networks hosts config in dhcp - opts format .
copy validation result attributes to given vo catalog .
executes the basic regression on order stat proceedure .
require the default anonymous user .
check to see if a file needs to be updated or created
return true if the passed url scheme is in the list of accepted protos
return a copy of the _ _ all _ _ dict with irrelevant items removed .
prepare occurrences to be displayed .
load requested file , downloading it if needed or requested .
returns true if cmd can be executed .
n - dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform .
a dictionary of submission . id , submission for all submissions created in test env as this fixture is session - scoped tests should not change its contents
add groove on each side of cage .
pure python nms baseline .
takes the existing config and uses the protocols in the master _ settings to extract the settings for use in kodi .
return an iterator of .
only load on windows
return a reset key for the given user factory stub object .
given an argument on the command line return a list of actual typelibs to use .
breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature .
connect mappings to the database
set the rules in use for policy checks .
convert c { bytes } or c { unicode } to the native c { str } type , using ascii encoding if conversion is necessary .
get new repository .
compute a half - open range [ start , end ) of pointer - sized integers which fully contain the array data .
gets a virtual interface from the table filtering on vif uuid .
output rate limit log line at given level .
check providers for details on wanted episodes
return access level required for this api call
generate a weakly random unique id .
constructs a document from a document _ pb . document protocol buffer .
fixture providing a url widget .
update files in the zip file at pathtozip matching the given patterns with the given filepaths .
subroutine to create a form entry .
return what services are available but not enabled to start at boot .
ip str to list
test traceback offset in ipython script . py
purge all the jobs currently scheduled on the minion
connections to localhost do not need ssl verification as a certificate will never match .
filter a subset of channels .
find a predefined compound unit pattern .
delete alternate email address .
returns the pillars modules
save a graph as xml
grab all the values in task _ instance that are found in task _ cls .
returns the set of all nodes that are immediately before the given node .
attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers .
return the glance metadata for a volume .
copies an input jar into a directory , splitting if necessary .
change the order of the values in selem .
the main entry point .
return a quoted version of the value which can be used as one token in a
upload a torch model
validate a float
run a list of functions in the same thread .
only for macos
returns the label _ tag for a field .
return a dictionary containing the mailcap database .
initialize the module .
expand tables into individual columns in the given list of column expressions .
use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief
finds and returns a module in the local dist / checkout .
set and retrieve the request . body parameter .
given an address and its addressfamily , resolve an unhydratedstruct .
if a loader for the specified dependency is installed
same as int ( ceil ( float ( x ) / y ) ) , so no need to import math lib
unshares photos from the episodes in the specified viewpoint , as well as from all derived episodes to which the photos were shared .
return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . mo .
read in data used in tests
generate nodes in strongly connected components of graph .
check that the type of an object is acceptable .
restful crud controller for the inbox - all inbound messages are visible here
delete all versions not in the current repo .
extensions details page .
set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods .
stop the specified service
migrate tool for pyspider
helper to format a job instance
return a filedigest for a known - existing file .
starts a dnsmasq server for a given network .
we try to set a cookie as unique as possible to the current user .
launch the checkout branch dialog .
lock file f using lockf and dot locking .
compute the approximate current - flow betweenness centrality for nodes .
prettify text with typogrify .
escape filenames with spaces by adding quotes .
upgrade 011 - > 012 with special sqlite - compatible logic .
dayofweek = = 0 means sunday , whichweek 5 means last instance
reports observed values with the current reporter object .
save a dictionary of names and arrays into a matlab - style . mat file .
join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path .
a generator for compiling files to . pyc
verify a rsassa - pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 base64 encoded signature .
get repo environment overrides dictionary to use in repo distributions process env
close all or specified cover .
installs an application : - identifies file type by filename - writes fobj contents to the . . / deposit / folder - calls w2p _ unpack ( ) to do the job .
print a patch to our data object into the given open file .
disable the named service to start at boot
get alarm details .
ensure vm is absent on the computenode name : string hostname of vm archive : boolean toggle archiving of vm on removal . .
get top and add biconic cylinder to outputs .
iterates through hostlist and scans them
flush test db
invoke a pre - defined python function with arguments specified in the state declaration .
takes a string and makes it suitable for use in urls
prints details of a module
list resource groups associated with the account
delete a new service group
apply nsga - ii selection operator on the * individuals * .
only load the module if apache is installed
if you use the timeline fields but call get _ submission _ info you will get the sub info without the unit data
creates a preferenceupdateerror with developer _ message and user _ message .
group and annotate given queryset by a given date period .
create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects .
the user list page .
pair of coordinates
parses a literal followed by an element .
list all policies
find a controller that is available and instantiate it
helper to verify that throttling parameters are valid
calculate the similarity of two statements based on the closeness of the sentiment value calculated for each statement .
parse configuration file and save settings into the configuration advanced dictionary .
given a list of pathnames , returns the longest common leading component
returns the final component of a pathname
synchronize tunnel _ allocations table with configured tunnel ranges
return the signature of a partial object
aux function of generalizationacrosstime .
get the current utc offset for the client
list existing users in this cassandra cluster .
setup an at - exit job to be sure our workers are shutdown correctly before the interpreter quits
returns how _ many * 2 units that are before and after index .
read a table object from an hdf5 file
decides if the datastore should run on legacy mode
restful crud controller to add keywords for twitter search
set previous chapter .
finds bigram collocations in the files of the webtext corpus .
contacttype delete page
generate client and server curve certificate files
quiet wrapper for os . unlink , oserrors are suppressed
open paths with the os - default app - > qaction
redirect to a given url while setting the chosen language in the session or cookie .
fetch data from a single archive .
return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 .
approximate quantiles of series used for repartitioning
test that an existing project cant be removed its code .
inits an grr api object with a http connector .
return a description of nat gateways matching the selection criteria
shut down all arrays that can be shut down .
find the optical setup conjugating the object / image waists .
given a valid cidr block , create a vpc .
retrieve total amount of reservations for specified resources .
set the signal with the handler from the input dict .
parses response of an exchange token request .
iterate through supported mode / char combinations .
return the size of a file , reported by os . stat ( ) .
runs a generator in a background thread , caching up to num _ cached items .
returns stats about the current instance .
call into django to retrieve a cache key for the given url , or given url name
plot a trace for each observation in the original data .
returns the precision , calculated as : true _ positives /
trust packages signed with this public key .
creates the necessary tables and groups for flaskbb .
get the first sentence from a string and remove any carriage returns .
calculate the wilcoxon signed - rank test .
return the top data that the minion will use for a highstate
returns a parsed xml tree
replace the standard : mod : thread module to make it greenlet - based .
a wrapper for functions that dont provide keepdims to ensure that they do .
context manager for temporary disabling cache > > > with requests _ cache . disabled ( ) : . . .
computes triplet loss .
convert a click . option call into a click . option object .
get mirror path .
return the group that owns a given file path file or directory of which to get the group follow _ symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed
adds the header hdr : value with the response .
ensures that mysql connections checked out of the pool are alive .
returns the number of questions a user has .
get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
infer the context name to use from the inputs given
levinson - durbin recursion for autoregressive processes
detects the path of the very well known django library
checks whether user can vote suggestions on given translation .
unplug any instance vdis left after an unclean restart .
get the folder list in a directory .
perform par processing .
look for some options which have to be processed before others values of are callback functions to call when the option is found
takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string using values from the dictionary .
default datalist item renderer for saved filters
stop an instance .
get the standard hostname of the default version of the app .
helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
display the supplied message in the preview window
internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations .
helper for _ fixup _ ins _ del _ tags ; actually takes the etc tags and moves them inside any block - level tags .
shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
suite : simple _ stmt | newline indent stmts dedent
calculate the barycentric position of a solar system body .
get the list of access instance sizes .
validate a response
generator that behaves like readline without using stringio .
loads and parses a yaml file for a train object .
solve equation a x = b .
do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
remove whitespace from a text or byte string
a variable store expression .
formats a date according to the given format .
splits string into n sized chunks .
inserts a new record for the given model .
converts a datetime or timestamp to a type 1 : class : uuid . uuid .
perform misc cleaning operations on documents .
add daemon options to argparse parser .
turns a sequence of date strings and returns a list of datetime .
relink or drop tps with no project .
display the skeiniso dialog .
fast sanger fastq to solexa fastq conversion .
transform a metadef _ namespace _ resource _ type dict to a model dict
delete a tenant network .
calculate any quota adjustment required at a particular point in the resize cycle .
test mutually exclusive arguments are not accepted .
get commands to run for testing client pip installation .
grant access via digest authentication
helper function that converts the input into a float if it is a number .
runn python 3 path fix in windows .
flags a comment .
given a list of values , return a string nicely formatting those values , summarizing when you have more than display _ limit .
return all registered hooks .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface
load guid by primary key , look up the corresponding view function in the routing table , and return the return value of the view function without changing the url .
format a url for loading data from bank of canada .
parse lists of key , value pairs as described by rfc 2068 section 2 and convert them into a python dict : > > > d = parse _ dict _ header > > > type ( d ) is dict
process the list of symbols and convert them to canonical limits , storing them as tuple .
re - compile the given requirement files .
poll listening processes within the given namespace .
create a postgresql database .
initializes the command line argument parser .
create a certificate signing request .
create a new figure manager instance
this is a pickleable method used as a target when applying to pools .
get comparison in order to sort y intersections in descending order of point index .
check whether can sockets are supported on this host .
returns a page of non - private commits in reverse time order .
given a descriptor , traverse all of its descendants and do metadata inheritance .
create a jupyter comms object for a specific target , that can be used to update bokeh documents in the notebook .
experience controller - unfiltered version
get a blob key for finalized blobstore file .
return the object _ id of the node .
start a container name
dissassociates a route table .
creates a function useful for looking up an element by a given attribute .
parses a pylint report line - by - line and determines the number of violations reported
perform the kolmogorov - smirnov test for goodness of fit
given a model class , will return the dict representing the meta class .
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
print a list of users
backend for matrix view of all strings
does not return empty strings
export a container to a file container container id path path to which file is to be exported
extract the text from a tag in the html starting with starttag .
parse a reftuple spec .
calculate the md5 checksum of a file - like object without reading its whole content in memory .
return true if * uri * is a uri and contains : / / . .
retrieve all hosts .
check if a value is valid as uuid or an integer .
return the vm rrd xml as a string .
closes review requests as submitted automatically after a push .
generate a random symmetric , positive - definite matrix .
yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled
returns a list of all store instances .
decode encoded word and return tuple .
skip the test if selection isnt supported .
creates the inception resnet v2 model .
checks if placeholder has reached its global plugin limit , if not then it checks if it has reached its plugin _ type limit .
formats the given date .
error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called .
get the lower left corner from the nestedrings .
solve a nonlinear equation system numerically : : nsolve f is a vector function of symbolic expressions representing the system .
get changed languages since last sync .
returns a link to ban a user
invalidate the cache of verificationstatus model .
place an update . lk remote can either be a dictionary containing repo configuration information , or a pattern .
write out a grammar file , ignoring escaped and empty lines .
join two sequences on common attributes
key for comparing two labeled polynomials .
update the version numbers for all assignments that are affected by a score change event .
add a craft plugin menu .
stop a vm in dimensiondata .
initialize the loging directory for the calling application that uses initlogging ( ) for logging configuration
combine zero or more dictionaries .
get response for when transport = cli .
returns an ordereddict that maps an assignment type to a dict of subsection - headers and average - header .
returns the html string for one synset or word
set traffic server configuration variable values .
return list of cuts specified in string .
get networks dns hosts in hosts format .
update the local ca bundle file from a url . .
x _ shared and y _ shared are n x n boolean matrices ; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared .
control mavexporer conditions
for async log retrieval as yarn servers are very slow
produce a left outer join between left and right clauses .
filter sensitive settings .
testing the output of many successful features
returns the number of maximal cliques for each node .
apply a filter to a binary file .
fetch and return server uuid by server name if found .
build default tuple when no datastore statistics are available .
make the given class un - picklable .
find a file with name filename located in the sample directory .
create lexical cfg rules for each individual symbol .
lists all the blobs in the bucket .
make a web call to aliyun ecs rest api
creates the default settings
configures and returns a django storage instance that can be used to physically locate , read and write profile images .
helper to calculate the delta position
raise the appropriate warning for each nonstandard image type .
assert that an event meets the protocol for datasource outputs .
setup the nad platform .
helper function that converts the utc offset string into number of minutes offset .
build an executable program from a cython module and runs it .
temporarily replace the input ( ) function to return the given values
return a list of all thread objects currently alive .
only load if rabbitmq is installed .
convert a time string to a time tuple .
display a termgraph interactively from within ipython .
associate an elastic ip address with a currently running instance or a network interface .
match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
a helper for ordered ( ) which returns the node count of e which for basic objects is the number of basic nodes in the expression tree but for other objects is 1 .
remove a permission from a lambda function .
finish an event on an instance action .
the answer list has been removed for the moment .
compute the s - polynomial of a critical pair .
process string by - - removing all but letters and numbers - - trim whitespace - - force to lower case if force _ ascii = = true , force convert to ascii
inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given .
return the gaussian expanded pdf function given the list of central moments .
create a console authorization .
initiate the logoff of a session .
check if join to a table is necessary .
create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout , using the e - commerce api .
replace all occurences of string with a different string , return updated document
registers a user , identity , and device using the auth web service .
function runs all of the other functions .
internal handler for set and clear _ property methode : string either set , add , or clear zone : string name of zone key : string name of property value : string value of property
add an object to the container reconcilers queue .
get all namespaces that match zero or more filters .
settings for the supporttolife deployment in turkey
wrapper that allows us to properly use the base django admin site , if needed .
roll up add - on ratings for the bar chart .
launch a process in the background .
events < > teams
compute the linear and tree hash from a fileobj .
export the configuration from memory to stable storage .
deletes the specified port
compute cubic spline coefficients for rank - 1 array .
split host and port , returning numeric port .
generate a permutation of the objects where every group with equal values for field have an equal chance of appearing in any given position .
installs everything required on a new system and deploy .
decorator for methods doing database operations .
get a list of member resources managed by the specified group .
q matrix for codon substitution .
find possible bad name and attribute accesses
iterate through chunks of a list .
reevaluates the specified workflow instance .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
return system cpu times as a named tuple
c _ code for convop that unroll the batch size loop .
create a remotestatepersister for use in tests .
render a latex string to png .
download the contents of the url into the file .
changes blockvectorv in place .
convert s to string or raise
create a container and if needed the parents containers
copy a path from a storage to a path on a different storage .
helper method to extract tag attributes as a dict .
read 2 chars as a decimal
check that the document is valid .
convert colors expressed as html - style rgb ( a ) strings to blit . color .
returns a localized dimension with name .
return a dictionary of valid readme file name < - > readme file content pairs for all readme files defined in the received metadata .
delete a task status .
tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version .
domain names tend to have . s in them .
outputs basic profiling information at the bottom of each response .
migrates the virtual machine to another hypervisor
perform an alignment using the unit quaternions .
create a " mix - in " class with a python type and a
product of tensors
return the current user .
return tuple where i is independent of symbols and d contains symbols .
get all steps for the cluster , making successive api calls if necessary .
delete the namespace from the register
consume an interator at most a single iteration per reactor iteration .
handle a response from the payment processor .
set the current default string encoding used by the unicode implementation .
wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit .
creates an uninitialized gpu array like the given one .
return true of the elemwise op is supported on the gpu .
validate pepa templates
return system load average .
receives the input given by the user from set . py
picks the most characteristic from a list of linear patterns
execute an http post query .
backend for setting all comments to spam .
test triux system support .
add cylinder by inradius .
log a message with severity critical on the root logger .
list all the backups .
this function prints sqlmap banner with its version
type _ qualifier : const | volatile
compute content and the primitive form of f .
this function performs mid - term classification of an audio stream .
check if a tool is provided on this platform .
get the numba * function signature * corresponding to datashape
a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it .
checks if a given intent is supported .
returns polynomial quotient in k [ x ] .
given a page target , return partial path for an output . html .
output the graph for html .
loads settings from conf , then instantiates daemon " klass " and runs the daemon with the specified once kwarg .
upload a pack file after negotiating its contents using smart protocol .
set the password for a named user .
convert space to non - breaking space .
set up access control allow headers if either origin _ allow _ all is true , or the request origin is in the origin _ whitelist .
convert the xml element to a trianglemesh xml element .
calculate the frequency response of a discrete - time system .
restful crud controller
an unknown host callback .
setup a d - link smart plug .
actions to be performed upon successful login
return memory usage in bytes
create a specific index composed of the list _ of _ keys for the mongo collection behind the resource using the app . config to retrieve all data needed to find out the mongodb configuration .
return a 2 - d array with ones on the diagonal and zeros elsewhere .
opens and identifies the given image file .
given a list of exploration ids , optionally filters the list for explorations that are currently non - private and not deleted , and returns a list of dicts of the corresponding exploration summaries for collection node search .
update value in a nested dictionary inputs : d - dictionary on which to operate keys - list or tuple giving the location of the value to be changed in d func - function to operate on that value
compute eigen values of structure tensor .
check that firefox is the correct version .
set desktop icons form data . desktop _ icons
decorator that imposes the test to be successful at least once .
if a draft exists for the given user and exploration , apply it to the exploration .
a replacement for inspect . getargspec
we do not necessarily have access to the copy module .
remove a github user by name .
remove a " package " on the rest server
common code for config . get _ * functions , builds and runs the git cli command and returns the result dict for the calling function to parse .
updates the computenode record with the most recent data .
wait for the container to exit gracefully , and return its exit code . .
from a target _ list , returns the subset from the specified build _ file .
deletes dns records for the given hostname if the domain is managed with do .
build an inventory configuration from the sample aio files .
find primary keys
strips the microseconds field from a timedelta .
render a field with its label
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
accepts unicode string and set it as environment variable name containing value value .
common logic for copying files to containers path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc
checks permissions and sends back private file
returns the datetime of the form start _ date + i * delta which is closest to dt for any non - negative integer i .
load module modulepath and return the last module object in the module path .
equation of functions of matrices : theory and computation .
write named matrix from the given node .
submit for approvals and / or notifications
get complex by float list .
generate winrepo _ cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo _ dir opts
indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using joined eager loading .
returns true if g has weighted edges .
write to a file only if the new contents differ .
rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise
get the directory browser web page .
given vm _ state and task _ state , return a status string .
only load if boto is available .
fatemans gcd benchmark : linearly dense quartic inputs
generate most of the text for index . yaml from the query history .
create a new private key and start a certificate request .
skin a gcode linear move file .
get llite stats , update stats entries
given an event _ source dictionary item , a session and a lambda _ arn , hack into kappas gibson , create out an object we can call to schedule this event , and return the event source .
argument preprocessor that converts the input into a numpy dtype .
get indices of channels by type .
fits a line to the given data .
return a tuple from a given host .
returns the list of file formats that compare _ images can compare on this system .
permission denied handler .
generate featured tiles .
ct _ headers : sequence of content - type headers url : response url
launch a normal ipython kernel instance ipython . embed _ kernel ( ) puts a shell in a particular calling scope , such as a function or method for debugging purposes , which is often not desirable .
helper to split words on any comma , space , or a new line
tokenizes a standard sentry search query .
check if an image location is valid .
remove profile from user user : string username profile : string profile name
opens a fake connection with an ldap server .
ensure that maximize respects bars
return a new dict with the given key ( s ) removed .
write a sysfs attribute / action
setup s20 switches .
upgrade all packages .
decodes base64 image data , reads it with pil and converts it into grayscale .
add a source group rule to a security group .
yield starting points for streamlines .
solve a single l1 - penalized minimization problem with feature - sign search .
descriptor adding tag to a function
validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
unserialize post / put data of a specified content - type .
builds a decorator that ensures that functions that rely on openssl functions that are not present in this build raise notimplementederror , rather than attributeerror coming out of cryptography .
returns a figure comparing the outputs of different thresholding methods .
pydocstyle - - static check for docstring style
only load tomcat if it is installed or if grains / pillar config exists
given a python modules file name return the matching source file name
modify the sign of vectors for reproducibility
removes the cached challenge for the specified url .
returns the approximate memory footprint an object and all of its contents .
generate the dedicated addonuser and addoncategory for the given addon and user .
a shortcut for creating a module _ imports . moduleimports object
evaluate past delivery for promoted links .
entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
returns true if the given directory name matches the home indicator and the chosen theme should use a special home indicator display .
return a tuple : - a filter based on the query - a boolean - a list of [ key , order ] to sort results - a list of the unused elements of the query - an integer for the number of results to skip - an integer for the maximum number of results to return
application information section 9 . 1 . 53
convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
build the path from node1 to node2 .
request pdp context activation reject section 9 . 5 . 5
computes the obliquity of the earth at the requested julian date .
a helper function that uses the render _ theme _ template function without needing to edit all the views
return a post form .
test writing and reading of split raw files .
process the else statement .
return a list of tuples .
print information about the certs we know about
get statistics for message codes that start with the prefix .
test serializing after adding entity
parses a typedparameter and fills it with values .
return globals according to filter described in * settings * : data : data to be filtered settings : variable explorer settings mode : editable or picklable more _ excluded _ names : additional excluded names
returns if users can receive email .
sets your preferred format for time .
generator that splits a string by spaces , leaving quoted phrases together .
finds all migrations in progress .
this is for the osrget [ angular | linear ] units functions , which require that the returned string pointer not be freed .
parse the logvol line
force injection of all dependencies .
settings admin view
compute the total size of a vdi chain , starting with the specified
entry point for unauthenticated xblock handlers .
decode a query string in x - www - form - urlencoded format into a sequence of two - element tuples .
get connected components from a mask and a connectivity matrix .
create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
determine whether the request is a posted html form
catch the global log stream .
create dask array in a single block by calling a function
prints the total metric value for all pages the query matched .
sanitize a string , removing characters illegal in xml .
checks doc _ id is a valid document identifier , and returns it .
pad : fraction of the axes height .
count the number of bits in a numeric value .
return the language code for the current locale eg en
make sure that the anonymous group is not deleted
get current hardware clock setting
wrapper variant of _ is _ number _ match _ oo that copes with one
check the state of a single bcache device
get channel type .
generate a stream of tuples for seeding .
translate a compilable filename to its . o target .
somebody connected to a jobs page
if header _ text contains non - ascii characters , attempts to locate patterns of the form " name " and replace the " name " portion by the rfc2047 - encoded version , preserving the address part untouched .
generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation .
returns the total bytes for the specified path , optionally ignoring any files which match the ignore parameter .
expand a path into its long form .
get the system locale parameters from localectl
un - escape any percent - escape sequences in a uri that are unreserved characters .
register all services for sonos devices .
warn if dependencies arent met .
initialize targets for the ninja flavor .
returns a list of roots of a quadratic polynomial .
extract the head reference
retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it .
try to detect a bug in the default blas in macos .
compresses the css files
return all kinds in the specified range .
checks for false positives
a view that can only be visited by staff .
setup sphinx extension .
convert an array of x , y coordinats to qpainterpath as efficiently as possible .
generate dict of presentable values for template .
return list of token tuples for command .
return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned .
analyzes files openeded by running processes and seeks for packages which need to be restarted .
calculate the " where " mask that contains switches indicating which index contained the max value when maxpool2d was applied .
lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 3
deconstructs and reconstructs a url into an absolute url or a url relative from root /
ensure the named autoscale group is deleted .
provides make _ app function to initialize sphinxtestapp instance .
validate the provided authentication token .
uses tshark or pyrit to strip all non - handshake packets from a . cap file
uses list of items retrieved from building the topic tree to create an item cache with look up keys .
replaces page _ key from query string with page _ number .
register opengeoportal as a service
setup the eliq online sensor .
check the status of automatic update scheduling .
set up & run a publisher for command - line - based file i / o .
frees a list of available audio output devices .
get the lists of the unsorted and sorted functions in the file .
generate a surface , volume or mixed source estimate .
append " name " to the current process title
given a string of 81 digits , return the assignment it represents .
extend a query with a list of two - tuples .
construct a sparse matrix such that multiplication with a rasterized image produces the concatenation of rasterized image patches .
return a tempdirfactory instance for the test session .
reshow an nbagg figure
given a sorted list of candidates , ask the user for a selection of which candidate to use .
check whether ironic is installed or not .
helper to test roundtrip io for fixed dipoles .
grep for a string in the specified file . .
convert the specified size into a string value .
edit a jobs name and / or notes
get the full version of sympy being released
only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
only load if boto libraries exist .
add spacing to the inners column of the provided data based on level .
validates marketing site related configurations
update xml using device information of destination host .
return the location of the gpg key directory
confidence intervals for multinomial proportions .
main home page
add a one - time rss scan , one second from now
submits a task to generate a csv containing student profile info .
construct and return an authenticated github session .
generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
balance and expand the fors in to _ expand , and assert equality with want .
check to see if a file storage is local .
validate that the value of path - like header is well formatted .
returns the current color map .
initialize a collection attribute and return the collection adapter .
return set of prs marked for backport
get columns from user config , return dict .
restart an iis application pool .
return a list of all known project names .
return true if the given text is considered binary , or false otherwise , by looking for binary bytes at their chars
generate a table of contents from links in the book .
document the given api .
returns a list of create table sql , initial - data inserts , and create index sql for the given module .
returns the running time of the given function , in seconds .
power off the specified instance .
pretty print a variable .
try to get an approximate address for a given latitude , longitude .
returns spearmans rho .
returns the predicative adjective .
double exponential moving average
get a tool _ dependency from the database via id
create a tempdirfactory and attach it to the config object .
check if some core modules are available .
returns an include statement containing url patterns for the passed api version .
prompts for the database password if unknown .
fab - h username @ host install _ web2py
when installing from a url the same version that is already installed , no need to uninstall and reinstall if - - upgrade is not specified .
convert from " geo " to esris geoservices rest serialization .
remove an entry from an endpoint .
resolve a dotted name to a module and its parts .
render a template into a string .
associate an instance profile with an iam role .
return the path to the built - in default . docx package .
for use with the join operator & : combine left input / output labels with right input / output labels .
return a sqlalchemy session .
return the first configured instance .
use the auto _ auth feature to programmatically log the user in
mark a question or an answer as spam
helper function that waits for an ip address for a specific maximum amount of time .
return module * modname * base path
updates the opkg database to latest packages based upon repositories
translate a shell - like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
get extrude output for a cylinder gear .
copied from python2 . 7
preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types .
bootstrap windows minions via psexec .
calculate the md5 sum for a file :
transform a twocc or fourcc code into a name .
set the amount of idle time until the display sleeps .
convert a string to list of integers representing token - ids .
converts a single object in * string form * to its equivalent python type .
for models which have multiple site classes , find the omega estimated for each class .
create an asn1 _ utf8string from a python unicode string .
creates a thumbnail of an imagefield .
convert command arguments to bytestrings on python 2 and surrogate - escaped strings on python 3 .
show the index
returns a list of elements of fullset linked to some element of initset through the neighborhood - setfunction .
test the behavior of - - outdated - - format = columns flag in the list command
given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation
create the panic message from templates
get the admin password for a server .
asserts if some corresponding element of x and y differs too much .
get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist .
determines if there are any non - posix newlines in the first number _ of _ bytes of the file .
instantiate the musictaggercrnn architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on million song dataset .
returns a normalized property list / dict so that : - a list gives { k : " { k } " } - a dict gives { k : v if v is not none else " { % s } " % v }
context manager for timing a block logs millisecond timings of the block
invalid arguments disassociate address
insert nodes into a mesh .
broadcast values via zeroconf
clickable number of comments for a solution , virtual field
makes a new swob . request based on the current env but with the parameters specified .
set logo option as string .
finds the hash of a dict .
iterates over color groups for each category given mapping file / prefs .
returns the given string as an encrypted bytestring .
generates one epoch of batches of inputs and targets , optionally shuffled .
resample units instead of datapoints .
extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header
returns the canonical form of a path , which is a tuple of str or ints .
returns a str if a bytes object is given .
determine if a point is inside a polygon ; returns true if inside .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
handle entry - list subcommand
takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes
holds responsibility of updating the structure of dashboard stats .
returns true if server is resolvable .
normalize a locale id by stripping spaces and apply proper casing .
return a string without tags and no multiple spaces .
release the package
generate a single file descriptor to destination directory .
convert a path to uri .
executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code .
return unique _ labels and color _ cycle for label array and color list .
given a list of relation metadata bundles , make a corresponding dictionary of concepts , indexed by the relation name .
return a list of the handler classes to use in the current project .
setup bilateral hemisphere surface - based source space with subsampling .
list all nova extensions , except the ones in the blacklist .
resize virtual tab viewport to match users viewport
returns if youtube - dl can be updated with - u
generates a batch iterator for a dataset .
opens a shelf file .
converts an integer to its ordinal as a string .
replace original theme with pending theme on filesystem .
returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels .
check to see if a string matches the known ways in which a plural argument can be a number .
sorts any number of lists according to : optionally given item sorting key function ( s ) and / or a global sorting key function .
this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode
checks if signature matches payload .
overload built in open so we could assure sufficiently large buffer
get email address of user formatted as : john doe
retrieve user with provided user _ id
returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
handler for the atan2 function
remove a notification driver at runtime .
expected simple _ only _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
returns the index of a currently selected device .
cause pyinstall to exit when . spec file uses old api .
list ros packages within the specified path .
removes a user from the postgres server .
copy a model instance , excluding primary key and optionally a list of specified fields .
delete a scheduled job on the default scheduler
safely remove a file
assert that a value must be a given type .
compare two arrays relatively to their spacing .
return a list of all available services . .
translates input js file to python and saves the it to the output path .
returns an index instance according to the configuration .
perform the tree reduction step of a reduction .
remove a mount point from fstab .
read pillar data from confidant via its api .
retrieve a quota or raise if it does not exist .
a helper for the real inverse _ mellin _ transform function , this one here assumes x to be real and positive .
returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
recursively convert any xmlelements to paths .
generate html filename using the given coord filename
password reset form .
right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2
average pooling 2d .
only load if boto libraries exist .
queries the database and optionally deletes the null records .
set up the requested world air quality index locations .
yield ranges parsed from a http range header .
before using this , initialize " iffrom " and " ifto " interfaces : iwconfig iffrom mode monitor iwpriv orig _ ifto hostapd 1 ifconfig ifto up note : if ifto = wlan0ap then orig _ ifto = wlan0 note : ifto and iffrom must be set on the same channel ex : ifconfig eth1 up iwconfig eth1 mode monitor iwconfig eth1 channel 11 iwpriv wlan0 hostapd 1 ifconfig wlan0ap up iwconfig wlan0 channel 11 iwconfig wlan0 essid dontexist iwconfig wlan0 mode managed
helper function to solve equations with radicals
given a beets query string , return the query and sort they represent .
retry code block until it succeeds .
shift an array .
return the module specified by module .
get strokeradius by prefix .
parses a set intersection .
determines if time is going to happen in the next window seconds .
numpy version of itertools . product or pandas . compat . product .
run a daemon serving git requests over tcp / ip .
main function that is called when tpot is run on the command line
return a formatted string listing commands , httpie options , and http actions .
return the request with the specified name or the current request if name is not specified .
returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed .
a sample callback function demonstrating the linprog callback interface .
check that all windows have ave qual score > threshold .
implements the low index subgroups algorithm , i . e find all subgroups of g upto a given index n .
compare two python objects .
runs a function in a transaction .
wait for a given pattern in the qutebrowser log .
disable the service
creates and configures the service object for operating on resources .
test xdawn with regularization .
converts a string into all lowercase .
returns square - free part of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
update metadata if it exists , otherwise create it .
this function parses the string just like javascript for example literal d in javascript would be interpreted as d - backslash would be ignored and in pyhon this would be interpreted as d this function fixes this problem .
the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker , as well as the dependencies which arent available in centos 7 .
update the fileserver backends , requires that a built fileserver object be passed in
customize req _ commit fields for the home page & datalist view
given a trail name describe its properties .
slugify a string , to make it url friendly .
retrieves the next rfc 4251 string value from the data .
given a valid config , update the cors rules for a bucket .
create an error message dialog with string msg .
get build environment overrides dictionary to use in build process
freeze all external tcl / tk data files if this is a supported platform * or * log a non - fatal error otherwise .
only load if boto3 libraries exist and if boto3 libraries are greater than a given version .
build an rdata object from wire format
set color of array of lights .
helper function that checks to see if the host provided is a vcenter server or an esxi host .
stop from writing file if max space limit is reached
analyse a function .
a decorator that allows you to override the default output format for an api
return instance of logging class .
turn a list or tuple into a single string - - recursively .
cached reading of file content
returns a response object that , if called , redirects the client to the target location .
returns a storage instance with the given class name and kwargs .
updates the internal list of installed packages .
remove a file , ignoring errors
return the active running journal object
called from digits . dataset . views . show ( )
write contents to a given file path specified .
print out the tokens in s in a table format .
convert markdown to html , with zulip - specific settings and hacks .
delete the given extra specs item .
get the arounds from the points .
performs median / wpgmc linkage .
update the users last activity date upon endorsing a comment .
remove download or media extension from name
creates temporary directory for this run .
sends an html email .
ensure that a org is present .
finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date .
decorator ; calls decorated function on a set interval .
check if retention policy with given name exists .
list all available details of the specified vm
check that field name is valid : cant start or end with whitespace characters cant start with underscore cant contain double quote ( " ) cant be empty
return a sentence - tokenized copy of * text * , using nltks recommended sentence tokenizer .
choose a given proportion of tests at random .
returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret .
list currently installed brew taps
wrapper to make printing to stderr nicer .
query the node for specific information .
find the closest road segments for each point
load mne locs structure from file or recreate it .
parse an image href into composite parts .
make sure string is utf8 encoded bytes .
segregate series based on type and coerce into matrices .
create the automodule directive and add the options .
update a migration instance .
parse a response etag .
unsubscribe observer _ function to the gtkoutput messages
create a base class with a metaclass .
pull progress _ precent for running job from job tracker html , as a float , or return none .
disable the named service to start at boot
iterates over a hie file as hie records for each line .
reverse the routing _ path .
expression : number
initialize grr with no prompts , assumes sqlite db .
return system swap memory statistics as a namedtuple including the following fields : - total : total swap memory in bytes - used : used swap memory in bytes - free : free swap memory in bytes - percent : the percentage usage - sin : no .
find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch , build and install themselves .
load sample images for image manipulation .
lookup the key in a dictionary by its value .
get the profiles directory path in the above directory .
compares two profiles
compute the crossentropy of binary random variables .
retrives a snippet of the specified length from the given page on the given server .
only load if hglib is available .
main entry point for module execution
fit a sphere to the given head shape .
replacement for cinder . volume . volume _ types . get _ volume _ type .
returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated , or external urls
return a context manager used by captured _ stdout / stdin / stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream * stream _ name * with a stringio .
creates a suite from multiple modules .
print a subtitle .
format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from .
returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts .
pause or resume .
return the last item of a sequence .
byte - compile one file .
no = 0 for real part , no = 1 for imaginary part
skip the test on tls certificate validation failures .
check the integer error return from one of the blas wrappers in _ helperlib . c .
returns cleaned up environment for subprocess execution .
return value of the - f option
adds a public property for a " repeated " protocol message field .
replaces python 2 . 7 + timedelta . total _ seconds ( )
as join path , but makes sure an os native path is returned .
returns an email . message holding the values of the file transfer .
dump reformatted response to cgi outfile .
tries to determine the formatting of the document .
instantiates an all - zeros variable .
return true if path is a supported vcs repository
check if the titles were loaded correctly .
apply listeners to synchronize a two - way relationship .
return server object used to interact with jenkins .
get new repository .
extract the contents of the zip file filename into the directory root .
turn interactive mode off .
delete an email on the remote backend , in the sent folder .
return two dicts , one with keys the other with everything else .
mark that the provisioning for object _ id has been completed by entity .
format and print the currently running modules .
add the specified values to the named list
predict the run time needed and the number of objects for a cone search for the given access url , position , and radius .
wrapper around site . objects . get _ current to handle site lookups by request in django > = 1 . 8 .
get the current system logger using config settings .
copies a file from the local machine to a remote one .
converts a de into a re .
decompress zbuf so that it decompresses to < = maxlen bytes , while using < = maxmem memory , or else raise an exception .
delete an rds parameter group .
setup the lg tv platform .
draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc : location of top - left corner of figure on canvas in pixels .
decorate a callable trigger on a message with any of the given intents .
returns a list of datacenters for the the specified host .
helper function that clones parent table schema onto new table .
get new repository .
returns whether we should bypass proxies or not .
pop the key if found
splits a relative url into its path and query - string components .
authentication complete view , override this view if transaction management doesnt suit your needs .
matches against routing rules .
argument : test
bind a servicegroup to a vserver
wraps urls in css source .
return the ssh _ interface type to connect to .
return the bull graph .
create a triallist by entering a list of factors with names and levels it will return a triallist in which all factors have been factorially combined ( so for example if there are two factors with 3 and 5 levels the triallist will be a list of 3 * 5 = 15 , each specifying the values for a given trial
split the given rectangle in n segments whose proportion is specified along the given axis if a gap is inserted , they will be separated by a certain amount of space , retaining the relative proportion between them a gap of 1 correspond to a plot that is half void and the remaining half space is proportionally divided among the pieces .
get default theme used by powerline
return non - empty sample lists for corresponding field value sets .
payment handler for the stripe api .
loads a context from a config file , and if the context is a pipeline then presents the app with the opportunity to modify the pipeline .
get group types by name or id .
centers data to have mean zero along axis 0 .
uploads a file to bokeh - travis s3 bucket under a job _ id folder
a shortcut function for building a package .
make a function that checks whether a scalar or array is of a given kind
compute surface area , given vertices & triangular faces
a version of pdb . pm ( ) that operates on exceptions at the remote side of the connection
restful crud controller
run a command .
create a pool key of type key _ class for a request .
cm service reject section 9 . 2 . 6
convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation
parses a string and return a datetime . date .
a version of isinstance that supports netproxies
multidimensional interpolation on regular grids .
parse input arguments
convert a relative path to the full template name based on the current _ template _ name .
parse any del . icio . us xml document and return python data structure .
determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications .
list resources in a package within a particular subdirectory .
prints value and returns value .
setup and return a filter stack .
returns a list of scenarios , each scenario being described by two parameters .
use this decorator to disable test on specified backend .
return the path to the system - wide site - functions directory or
deserialise dict stored as hbase column family
parse arguments from command - line to set options .
load a certificate request from a buffer
finds veer draft registrations whose registration _ metadata has an undefined key and corrects .
return base directory that contains all the themes .
return the full path to vmlinux
create authors file using git commits .
calculate the relative minima of data .
because we can take uris like / s / URL and we can guarantee that the toolbar will never be used with a non - html render style , we dont want to interpret the extension from the target url .
identify best cpu topology for given constraints .
load media library .
validate the beacon configuration
when using subtensor , gradient graphs can be ugly .
convert an image array to a new color space .
helper function that returns the numbers of bytes necessary to store the given number of bits .
returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
remove incomplete accounts older than incomplete _ acc _ max _ days old .
check a yn value return true for yes and false for no
creates a dynamodb table .
infer a database
fix some stuff in all makefiles
concatenates a list of tensors alongside the specified axis .
verifies that a directory exists .
create an empty book in the specified format at the specified location .
get the endpoint to sign the file .
construct an orthonormal basis for the range of a using svd
returns the cache slug read from file .
get addon storedfilenode ( s ) , move it into the trashedfilenode collection and remove it from storedfilenode .
composer update the directory to ensure we have the latest versions of all project dependencies .
creates the pygal test web app
print msg and optionally exit with return code exit _ .
get a component from the database via a name .
returns an instance of prog _ id .
check for the existence of a unix pid .
return true if x is prime , false otherwise .
convert user string or hex color to color array
power server on
detects ctypes dependencies , using reasonable heuristics that should cover most common ctypes usages ; returns a tuple of two lists , one containing names of binaries detected as dependencies , the other containing warnings .
base name of a path , without its extension .
recieves requests from buttons on the front end and resopnds or sends request to the static file server
join two or more pathname components , inserting / as needed .
simple wrapper for djangos : func : direct _ to _ template view .
convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x , y
return the information returned from a specified jid
test rendering mri for mne report .
retrieve a module from the system path .
computes the quadratic sum . .
when we parse the links in an page , on the 2nd run and later , check the links of previous runs .
transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string > > > unidecode " bei jing "
write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form , where each term is normally ordered .
format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess .
create a spawned process .
display command line usage information
modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs
callback used by pyyaml when a " ! import " tag is encountered .
provides report about git status of all repos .
check the pillar for errors , refuse to run the state if there are errors in the pillar and return the pillar errors
escape special html characters .
parses content assuming it is a . snippet file and yields events .
generates a enumeration with the given attributes .
outline a gcode linear move text .
decode a bson c string to python unicode string .
returns info we need about the output terminal .
save an image to disk .
since eip150 calls will send only all but 1 / 64th of the available gas .
default tax handler - called immediately after the handler defined by shop _ handler _ billing _ shipping .
pause the named broadcast .
return weights and error coefficient for newton - cotes integration .
not working yet - work in progress - returns fields that differ between two scans .
true if user has add , change or delete permission on this model
determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
generator for v2 resnet models .
possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code .
method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard
delete all files related to the certificate .
the last resort case , i . e . use the expression domain .
mounts the device specified by dev _ path in dir .
send message to project from command line
internal helper function for simplifying products of pauli operators .
converts a scipy sparse matrix to a cvxopt sparse matrix .
find and return an interface in a file
searches bing and duck duck go .
deserializes an object from a string .
determine if a suitable app backend exists
assert that all key / val pairs in dict subset also exist in superset
construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong .
build a python expression ast from an array expression built by
given an mptt queryset , prints some debug information to stdout .
feedforward pass through gru
split label into contiguous regions .
convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string
indexes / slices an operator .
randomly sample matrix to find most active subspace
implements hadoop fs - cat
extract details about the senders outgoing smtp server .
uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image .
copy cache for from cacheobj to obj .
connect to an ec2 api endpoint .
watch / unwatch a thread .
elementwise arcsine function .
check if the focus is on the element that matches the selector .
get the well known file produced by command gcloud auth login .
get an ordered list of ints and square the values , returning a list of squares ordered from smallest to largest .
yields the scope with the default parameters for inception _ v3 .
implements emsa - pss - verify ( ) function described in sect .
extracts environment variables required for the toolchain to run from a textual dump output by the cmd . exe set command .
create an image
setup a simple echo server with curve auth
create a new tag vocabulary .
takes two phone number objects and compares them for equality .
load the cr dataset
return a generator of sets of nodes , one set for each biconnected component of the graph
return a generator that prints a warning about logs and waits for container to exit .
optionally converts a cdao - prefixed uri into an obo - prefixed uri .
this section is for arguments parsing
refine a video by searching thetvdb _ .
call before the first gi import to redirect gi imports to pgi
wrap an attributetemplate resolve _ * method to allow it to resolve an instance methods signature rather than a instance attribute .
return true if s is the name of a builtin
returns a list of datastore clusters for the the specified host .
update the quotas for a tenant / user .
set the user - agent string to be used for all requests .
return the length of a single non - tuple indexer which could be a slice
generate regression / classification data .
simplifies the output of the parser .
return true if an inspected container is in a state we consider " running . "
configure the default output state to generate output saved to a file when : func : show is called .
return a context manager that temporarily sets numba config variable name * to * value * .
compute the most frequent value in a 1d array extended with [ extra _ value ] * n _ repeat , where extra _ value is assumed to be not part of the array .
convert the markdown source file to html content , and additionally return the parsed table of contents , and a dictionary of any metadata that was specified in the markdown file .
start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates
checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not .
configure the pylons environment via the pylons . config object .
make all methods listed in each class synchronized attribute synchronized .
runs rpm - - rebuilddb to ensure the db is in good shape .
create user email with display name name .
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
create a toc from headings in the document
valid indentation offsets for a continued line .
akaike information criterion
filter out kwargs from a dictionary .
vote or undo vote on thread / comment
returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
unary _ operator : and | times | plus | minus | not | lnot
orthogonal matching pursuit
ensure that a tar archive has no absolute paths or relative paths outside the archive .
plot calibration curve for est w / o and with calibration .
only load if win32 libraries are installed
opens an airodump capture on the target , dumping to a file .
true if col is an instance of : class : . columnelement .
load object from json bytes .
generator that returns the elements of data in random order
return the transfer function of the laplacian .
receive a list of numpy arrays .
record that the files under all of the paths have been imported under toppath .
set users last active date to current datetime
set all of the used ips into a global list .
print the together lists of the file names , if the file name has a together list .
delete the given cert into the given certificate store source
returns string with version information summary .
return a portgroup object corresponding to the portgroup name on the dvs
makes a file system on partition , destroying all data that resides on that partition .
refresh the list of moderator user _ ids based on the usernames entered .
takes an xml root element and returns the corresponding dict .
print module run times in a consistent format .
calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
verify the endpoint _ url is valid .
tell whether an argument is numeric
handle selection of admin widgets .
gets the " base " mode for given mode .
parse the response to a stat command .
evaluate a pep 508 environment marker .
upper triangle of an array with elements above the k - th diagonal zeroed .
validation helper to check the test _ size and train _ size at init
sample batch with specified mix of ground truth and generated data points .
returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions
see if the users browser sent a cookie with a preferred language .
enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
return changed items as they relate to baselist .
fetches the profile for the current display device .
tests if classifier results match target
returns true if batch is a numeric variable .
unique 3 river
returns the main model singleton
given a list of lists , return a list of domain for each list to produce all combinations of possibles values .
determine the average number of steps to reach a certain value , given a list of value sequences .
call rebuild _ node for all root nodes
retrieve flavor by flavorid .
ensure non - admin queries are not constrained to another project .
update the server with the data for the current document .
removes symbolic link for
affine transformation + point - wise nonlinearity
used to unpickle lazy objects .
destroy a raid device .
expected assignment _ params _ and _ context _ _ doc _ _
test whether the object is a null datelike , e . g . nat but guard against passing a non - scalar
returns the server name of the current instance .
create a qfont from tuple :
parse queries which only allow filters and ascending - orders on _ _ key _ _ .
returns a modelform containing form fields for the given model .
using the info [ description ] , add fields to info .
delete a branch .
generate groups user is member of , according to config
test version of execute on node manager v3 . 0 platform .
return the path to the cola html documentation .
retries an http request multiple times while handling errors .
return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . stdout .
calculate bootstrap / jackknife support of master , by trees this calculates bootstrap support of each nontip node in master _ tree .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes .
key for sorting pep8 results .
sends an invitation to chat to a jid .
retrieve all program types from the catalog service .
parse the updates line
role required to access a resource - used by gis for map layer permissions management
solves the equation x ^ 2 - dy ^ 2 = n for the special case where 1 < n * * 2 < d and d is not a perfect square .
throttle the rate at which occurrences of some event can occur .
set the icondata for object , formatted as produced by _ geticon ( )
get exe - > egg path translations for a given . exe file
determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance .
allow ipython to automatically convert integer literals to integer .
adds a checkbox field to be selected if the user consents to share data with the enterprisecustomer attached to the sso provider with which theyre authenticating .
makes a " deep copy " of an object by serializing it and then deserializing it .
ensures that the request contains all required parameters .
restful crud controller
get a header dict from input lines which should be valid yaml in the
returns the ith row of a matrix
get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
check a string to see if it has any potentially unsafe routines which could be executed via python , this routine is used to improve the safety of modules suct as virtualenv
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
create a shallow copy of image meta with location removed for security .
make sure that a package is not installed .
writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab
the content of the static file to check
detect that the given frames shares a global scope .
return threshold value based on the triangle algorithm .
get all in - process course actions
core processing of the local _ sigm _ times _ exp optimization .
write request headers to the cherrypy error log .
returns the class object that a string denotes .
delete keys based on a dict of keys .
figure out which configurator were going to use , modifies config . authenticator and config . installer strings to reflect that choice if necessary .
parse a string to a list of exactly 4 floats .
get gcode files which are not log files .
remove demensions of size one from the shape of a ndarray .
given text in " news " format , strip lines beginning with the quote characters > or | , plus lines that often introduce a quoted section
set the system time .
raw _ data : if true , uploaded is an httprequest object with the file being the raw post data if false , uploaded has been submitted via the basic form submission and is a regular django uploadedfile in request . files
context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones
insert items described in autosummary : : to the toc tree , but do not generate the toctree : : list .
returns fetched url
create the fully qualified name of the files created by { console , gui } _ scripts for the given dist .
sends a message on a topic and wait for a response .
verify that the named kernel module is not loaded name
print help specific to a command .
json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code
return a datetime object , given an offset in days and / or weeks .
extract namespace name from _ _ namespace _ _ key .
return all of the files names in all available environments
make some change to a deployment configuration .
calculate a one - dimensional convolution along the given axis .
itemfield delete page
return an openid store object fit for the currently - chosen database backend , if any .
create a random gensim sparse vector .
parse gml graph from a string or iterable .
rough reimplementation of nose . tools . eq _
indicates if the strings to compare are similar enough .
send a hup to service via s6
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
check if a database has been initialized for the orm .
retrieve the state data from the salt master for this minion and execute it
a context manager that silences sys . stdout and sys . stderr .
this is a helper function for pageconvert .
measures whether two floats are " close " to each other .
minimize a scalar function of one or more variables using the
formats a time according to the given format .
computes the kth raw moment of xs .
prompt for a branch and inspect content at that point in time .
connect to juniper device using pyez .
returns an instance of : class : decimal . context appropriate for working with ieee - 754 128 - bit decimal floating point values .
creates new user .
given a valid config , create a policy .
decorator which runs a test function and retries n times before actually failing .
see if there is a custom view for a page & , if so , use that
a django test client logged in as an admin user .
delete a service from keystone service catalog
get a value from the etcd service
render and upload a template text file to a remote host .
loads tmdb config and caches it in db and memory
compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences .
check if field types are valid .
assert that datasets on the state object returned by deployer . discover _ state equals the given list of datasets .
dont evaluate qs or the locale will get stuck on whatever the server starts with .
the min score and the persons name .
read a block of bytes from a file
check multi line docstring end .
clear the db contents .
update an amazon kinesis stream .
returns the number of cpus in the system
creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
start map as part of datastore admin operation .
declarator : pointer direct _ declarator
access to the cached item inventory .
true if sr is visible to regular users , false if private or banned .
returns the maritz - jarrett estimators of the standard error of selected experimental quantiles of the data .
get the repository constructor .
decode the type bit maps field of the nsec resource record into an integer list .
return the fieldset with the specified id .
generate isocurve from 2d data using marching squares algorithm .
loads the configuration files and processes the config overrides .
helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
return a new reporter object .
helper function for normal _ ordered _ form _ factor : write multiplication expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normally ordered form , using the bosonic and fermionic commutation relations .
instantiate the global github connection , for checking for updates and submitting issues
try to open the source file directly using pil , ignoring any errors .
initialize from a gnu triangulated surface text .
allow dhcp and dns traffic through to dnsmasq .
add an option to the media with configurable flags .
return disk usage associated with path .
return a string representation of the tasks , their statuses / parameters in a dependency tree format
return the leading coefficient of f .
a second component , which gets called " main - like " .
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
send a beacon to a remote server operated by the sentry team .
get all the hostnames that constitute a particular bucket in the histogram .
transform a string to a slug that can be used in a url path .
print with color .
compute cross - talk functions for linear estimators .
initializes the osf .
responds to request from frontend via gateway
get the overhang span .
calculates the similarity of two statements based on the jaccard index .
convert [ x y w h ] box format to [ x1 y1 x2 y2 ] format .
make sure the fast reader works with basic input data .
returns place predictions given a textual search string and optional geographic bounds .
prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots .
take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash
finds the global minimum of a multivariate function .
call cmd and return whether it was successful or not .
search for a partition matrix which is closest to the eigenvector embedding .
returns the xdg cache directory , according to the xdg base directory spec _ .
finish the openid authentication process .
parse options and run tests .
install rvm wrapper scripts ruby _ string
unregisters a class loader .
creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
return desktop icons for user
return a datetime . tzinfo implementation for the given timezone > > > from datetime import datetime , timedelta > > > utc = timezone > > > eastern = timezone > > > eastern . zone us / eastern > > > timezone is eastern
test psd estimation on raw for plt . psd and scipy . signal . welch .
main entry point .
encodes a number of seconds into a form like 1h2d3s .
an id selector
prepare a callable for future use as a collection class factory .
generate a non overlapping coincidence matrix .
takes a record and returns true if record meets filter criteria , false otherwise
convert a numeric socket family value to an intenum member .
force the back - end dbms option .
convert a numpy zero matrix to the zero scalar .
delete an instance type .
builds the object spec object .
process the xml element .
return the target final release for a pre - release .
link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars .
skips this test unless you are on python 2 . x
find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
check that a value is a list , coercing strings into a list with one member .
display ret data
get the grid horizontal object with a frame from the grid position .
add ng - model - options to the context , since these settings must be configurable
return a python dict representing the xml response
return initialized array .
the first heuristic uses the following four sets of assumptions on xi and eta . .
give the user options to contact the site admins .
finds the minimizer for a cubic polynomial that goes through the points , , and with derivative at a of fpa .
get a loop that is inside the containing loop .
method to decode streams using a dct technique based on the jpeg standard
disease information controller
runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module
displays the clip in a window , at the given frames per second rate .
reliably terminate processes matching a pattern
query the rest api for tweets about nltk since yesterday and send the output to terminal .
iterate over all fields of a node , only yielding existing fields .
returns the largest possible clique for the node with given id .
return the first configured instance .
return dct but with the keys named by args removed , and with kwargs added .
for zipfile py2 . 5 borrowed from cpython
draw the ascii art
helper method for present , ensure scheduled actions are setup
convenience function for selecting a device for a control surface to control .
validate and return a converted value for option of type csv
enable maintenance mode
returns a list of field names from an admin fieldsets structure .
get the nth host within a given network
verify that this mount is represented in the auto _ salt , change the mount to match the data passed , or add the mount if it is not present .
set the flavor extra spec keys .
generate a fast cfg on the given binary , and test if all edges are found .
attaches response code to a method .
returns a different transformer depending on the content type passed in .
send a file from a given directory with : func : send _ file .
utility function used by scale of results
try to read the table using various sets of keyword args .
return an object by name , if name is none the first found object is returned
helper function to validate specified value is appropriate for the policy if the settings key is a list , the value will check that it is in the list if the settings key is a dict we will try to execute the function name from the function key , passing the value and additional arguments from the args dict if the settings key is none , we wont do any validation and just return
on delete of the file object from the database , unlink the file from the file system
uploads an image from the request .
if the dir only contains one file or folder , join that file / folder onto the path
parses the unified diff output of two files
expression : assignment _ expression
saves a pem file .
returns a full url for the given path
create a splunk user by name / email
verify that the action is valid on the target in this context .
deadlockwrap - automatically retries function in case of a database deadlock .
determine the url corresponding to python object
computes the reduced groebner basis for a set of polynomials .
make concurrency bugs more likely to manifest .
the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
return cumulative distribution function for the given image .
get an average size for each kind .
generates a password hash from the given password str , using a newly generated salt .
performs deseq2vs normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix
receive key ( s ) from keyserver and add them to keychain keyserver
delete one or more snapshots of the given vm .
read an array of type typecode , with the array descriptor given as array _ desc .
capa response types needs just two things from the capa _ module : location and track _ function .
get the official language ( s ) for the given territory .
search a document for a regex , return success / fail result
returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server .
create only one instance of each distinct timedelta
return c { path } as a string of l { bytes } suitable for use on this systems filesystem .
get label and subject information prior to label spliting .
creates a text document
clear a cache handled by the : func : cached decorator .
returns the context processors defined in settings . templates .
exception handler enabling post - mortem debugging .
motion blurred clock .
generates exists notification for an instance for usage auditing purposes .
integrate y ( x ) using samples along the given axis and the composite
return quaternion from euler angles and axis sequence .
turns a language name into a locale name .
a wrapper around pprint . pprint - - for debugging , really .
locate any existing roche style xml meta data and read index .
helper to grab field from instances response .
fake assert _ true without message
download the back cover art for a release .
return a partial tool shed url , eliminating the protocol if it exists .
add vertex element to an xml element .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
create cow image
update h in multiplicative update nmf
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
ensure that the named user is absent name
returns a route that redirects / foo / to / foo .
system should work in a cli environment on mac osx , linux , and windows
admins and coaches can add students
returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in the argument dictionaries .
goes through a folder and removes all . package - control - old files that were created when pc ran into a locked file
get policy details
extracts version values from the main matplotlib _ _ init _ _ . py and returns them as a dictionary .
get a service that matches the criteria .
preprocessor for cap info segments - whether accessed via / eden / info or / eden / alert / x / info
run the given accessor method with args & kwargs ; if found remove the result path from filenames and return true , else return false .
read egi binary header .
mixed - norm estimate and iterative reweighted mxne .
retrieves all snapshots .
constructs a human readable message type from a frame of a traceback .
factory of decorators turning a function into a generic function dispatching on the given arguments .
return the default nodename for this process .
yield a pairs of artists and titles to search for .
unregisters a review ui class .
start frontend http server .
this function is deprecated .
distance metric comparing set - similarity .
return a list of precision steps for the newtons method
make sure the repository is cloned to the given directory and is up - to - date .
function to ensure the datasink can successfully read in aws credentials from the environment variables
given a middleware class , returns a view decorator .
continously calls max _ heapify on the list for each subtree .
parse lines from a hadoop log into log4j records .
loads and returns the wsgi application as configured by the user in settings . wsgi _ application .
build a tag for the given _ container instance ; both open and close tags are returned .
return a constructor for an encoder for float fields .
generates a signed json web token using the google app engine default service account .
convert a space separated string to a list of scopes .
should return absolute path if given and exists
get the header from an extension of a fits file .
flattens the input while maintaining the batch _ size .
generates the cyclic group of order n , cn .
ensure that previously - declared namespace packages include path _ item
check whether or not the given condition applies for the given user and content .
return urlparsed url from the given argument
removes the string remove from the both sides of text
set the kernel to boot in 32 or 64 bit mode on next boot .
only works on windows systems
extract setting name from directive index node
set a response cookie for the client .
shows all of the due date extensions granted to a particular student in a particular course .
sends an email .
validate a user against a resource .
validate the configuration and return an ubus scanner .
unmount a remote share .
ensure all changes are fully qualified and affect only one file .
process the xml element .
copy a html builder static _ path entry from source to targetdir .
return a list where each element is the sum up to that point .
once a celery task completes , clear the request cache to prevent memory leaks .
restful crud controller
extract a matlab matrix into two numpy arrays with data and labels
route method args and / or return value through the collection adapter .
returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact
generate suitable dictionary list for locations field of image .
looks up a list of keys in memcache .
serves static files required by index . html
fill the measurement info of a raw or evoked object .
sends a post request .
solves a dictionary learning matrix factorization problem online .
safely converts a string to an integer , returning none if the string is none .
whiten evoked data using given noise covariance .
format a results report for a category of single - line renewal outcomes
get a registered named path , or none if it doesnt exist .
print the current version and exit .
drill a gcode linear move file .
calculates the z score of each value in the sample , relative to the sample mean and standard deviation .
kill any previously running raspistill process . .
rgb cie to rgb color space conversion .
volunteer group positions controller
finds closest match to query _ seq assumes : all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq _ possibilities returns best _ hit is closest sequence from seq _ possibilities , or none if a tie min _ dist is the edit distance between the query _ seq and the best hit cw1 = aaacccgggttt cw2 = aaacccgggtta cw3 = aaacccgggttg cw4 = aaacccgggttc cw5 = aaacccgggtgg
solve a polynomial risch differential equation with degree bound n .
the datetime of the formsread last _ read .
invalidates the hash for a suffix _ dir in the partitions hashes file .
create an instance of a dummy class for testing fields .
position nodes on a circle .
return a symbolic vector variable .
generator function to iterate over fasta records .
parse a saved scheme from stream and populate a scheme instance .
fast matrix cube
function adds ephemeral storage encryption key uuid field .
update w in multiplicative update nmf
convert quoted - printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit .
convert a dnssec algorithm value to text
try to change uid and gid to the provided values .
sets the vlanid state to be unused
publish realtime event from bench
shutdown the instance .
compute nt complex zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals s ( z ) and c ( z ) .
maximum size for tcp receive buffers
add version to context , since in django - 1 . 9 the path for jquery changed
return the first configured instance .
handle exception and return a standard result
a function to connect to a bigip device and modify an existing pool .
validate an ipv6 address .
patch reference : 1 .
return an iterator over all sitemap urls contained in the given robots . txt file
cache the return value of a function without arguments
convert a datetime into a time
return x with the given subtensor incremented by y .
disable the ssh daemon
broadcast an array to a new shape .
set up the wink platform .
checks if module is loaded .
return the file server environments
download and extract binskim .
get the path to the default zipline extension file .
recursively sort a nested dict .
ask for a filename to save as
a decorator for mutating methods of property container classes that notifies owners of the property container about mutating changes .
should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path
sends request to the plex api to start a library refresh .
decrement the reference count of a media descriptor object .
manages proxy settings for this mininon name
determine guest disk mapping info .
expands the : setting : celery _ routes setting .
installs a package if not already installed
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
adapt ohlcv columns into uint32 columns .
helper for displaying ad unit tree .
get file used to get codec information .
remove a file descriptor to list to be closed in child processes
return " thing " from a proxy object .
add the x intersection indexes for the loops .
gets a random element from a list .
compute the fractional power of a matrix .
show an action .
before the text can be emitted , it must be checked for prohibited code points .
returns a repository for the given hook parameters .
return value forced within range
transform the analysis values returned by the analysis function and synthesize the sound inputfile1 : name of input file 1 fs : sampling rate of input file 1 hfreq1 , hmag1 , stocenv1 : hps representation of sound 1 inputfile2 : name of input file 2 hfreq2 , hmag2 , stocenv2 : hps representation of sound 2 hfreqintp : interpolation factor between the harmonic frequencies of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 hmagintp : interpolation factor between the harmonic magnitudes of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 stocintp : interpolation factor between the stochastic representation of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2
get the windows api window handle previously set with
bootstrap 3 format form layout
get a metadata - schema object or raise if it does not exist .
utility function to format the title of an article . . .
all scripting types for that platform , that wouldnt be recognized on all other platforms .
enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard - level metrics on stream stream _ name
simulates app activity for all users .
get all volume _ types in a group .
context manager that acquires a lock on a directory .
check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot
allocate a new openssl memory bio .
return a list of all available services
find the directory that the jdk is installed in .
internal helper to insert defaults and create _ transport instances .
full backup of geonode db
pads an ip object with leading zeroes so that the result is _ length _ hex digits .
fake version of os . uname .
split the given conditional string into its arguments .
represent the time , open , close , high , low , as a vertical line ranging from low to high .
context manager that ignores all of the specified exceptions .
get the cubic path .
ensures that the named alias is present with the given target or list of targets .
returns duplicates out of a list
get scrapy config file as a safeconfigparser
transform a query from django - style format to mongo format .
set up & run a publisher for custom programmatic use .
a generator to preorder - traverse a task .
extract list of compilation flags from a string .
return an activitys list of activity detail items .
get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement .
take list of notifications and group by node .
return a random glance url from the api servers we know about .
decodes incoming str using incoming if theyre not already unicode .
struct _ or _ union _ specifier : struct _ or _ union id
the caller requests adding the given users to the role .
require a python package .
update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
destroys a packet device by name .
yield the full completion shell script as strings .
unload a module
test to ensure that htmlinputter correctly converts input into a list of soupstrings representing table elements .
validate a hatch pattern .
get the repository constructor .
returns a list of all the rationally independent terms .
generates an event id
get the number of intersections through the loop for the line starting from the left point and going left .
true when the current thread is the main thread .
whiten a series of columns according to an ar ( p ) covariance structure .
get new derivation .
returns the parallel axis theorem matrix to translate the inertia matrix a distance of for a body of mass m .
add line segment to the pixel table .
loader for blazeds framework compatibility classes , specifically implementing c { ismallmessage } .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
remove a value from gentoo _ mirrors variable in the make . conf
returns the ids of all visible pages
search for tracebacks content .
release some hosts .
recursively remove an entire directory tree .
uses which to check if a program is installed .
fill paragraphs with newlines .
set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings .
compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings .
unquotes a header value .
get flags for an object .
stop the webapp app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
given a list , look for dictionary with a key matching key and return its value .
performs lint checks and reports any errors to the given error function .
returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date / datetime field .
formats a date as the time until that date .
wm _ preferences : sets values in the org . gnome . desktop . wm . preferences schema
creates a trakt ids dict from id fields on an entry .
parses a life span string , raises an exception if it cannot parse
require a repository .
return dataset of given stream .
a field python type
compose subject and message for photo reverification email .
convert possibly compressed wire format into a name .
returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2 - id .
get gear profile for rack .
returns true if the two strings are equal , false otherwise .
creates role and database
check that a block volume exists .
identical to djangos built - in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures .
color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads .
returns gamma - transformed luminance values .
import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name .
returns unicode string containing value of environment variable name .
used internally by image _ property _ create and image _ property _ update .
save data and create backup , creating a new data file if necessary .
check if hadoop is present , then load the module
load a 2d sprite image where = rows _ cols , slices , and returns as a 3d tensor .
decorate a function to set one or more commands to trigger it .
set django _ settings _ module shell environment variable to module .
convert a finite decimal string to a hex string representing an
check for the common doubled - word typos
build our dependencies into $ workdir / libraries / usr / local
based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface .
takes a list of key ids , and converts them to the short format , by reducing them to their last 8 characters .
return a decorator that specifies the field dependencies of a " compute " method .
this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by
returns path as an absolute path with ~ user and env var expansion applied .
find a parameter t0 and t1 of the given bezier path which bounds the intersecting points with a provided closed path .
translates a pattern into a regular expression .
get _ default _ stylesheet _ location ( ) = > file path
return the density of the graph with this creation _ sequence .
grant access via basic authentication
enforce that the war will be deployed and started in the context path , while making use of war versions in the filename .
read deconv visualization data from hdf5 file .
log log4j record parsed from hadoop stderr .
compute the expression on the entire inputs inputs match up to leaves of the expression
this is currently used only to return add - ons for populating a new collection .
generator to walk the data dirs in a round robin manner , evenly hitting each device on the system , and yielding any . db files found .
returns list of communications for a given document
only load the module if apache is installed
return the iterable of dicts needed to draw the new kb dashboard overview
site activity reports : restful crud controller
return a configured oslo _ messaging notification listener .
ignore first 5 lines : header info , version , date can differ no problem
returns a roidb for use in training .
this function implements a few ugly things so that we can patch the traceback objects .
construct an argument parser using the function decorations .
build a bmrequesttype field for control requests .
saves the command line options to a sqlmap configuration ini file
get matches for path expression
return true if the file is compilable .
convert raw data with shape to brings data into correct format for cohens _ kappa
called after building a static file .
delete a datasource .
test calling register with an invalid syntax .
test whether a string starts with the given argument
write the named file , by default the first file found is written , but the index of the file can be specified to write to a lower priority file root
responds to user - input , typically speech text , with a summary of the days top news headlines , sending them to the user over email if desired .
fires a task that measures the queue lag .
delete a volume type .
check if a server : port combination is in state up in a servicegroup
send insert into table .
return the dictionary for the given key in the global data .
permute an array so that it consists of linearized blocks .
recreates a serialized function
return a unique filename .
override pep8s function to provide indentation information .
convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string .
find the distance from each source point to its closest target point .
logs the user out .
depending on os , calculate cache limit
test the color argument of linearregionvisual . set _ data ( ) method using a single color
converts a numeric state identifier to a string .
registers and logs in in one go
munging to turn a method name into an original identifier
set all those internal variables which have the same name than an entry in the given objects dictionary .
replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs , for urls in chinese , russian , etc .
code the continuous volume data categorically
return true iff all the sdrs in the dict are unique .
get a lashed gcode linear move text from text .
permanently delete a disk snapshot .
makes everything iterable .
returns a file object for a package data file .
try to import a module given its name , returning c { default } value if
compute a spectrogram with consecutive fourier transforms .
print a list of tasks
get text with strings replaced according to replace . csv file .
given the name of the type of string , the string itself , and the fallback from which a string will be auto - generated in the given case if the given string does not conform to the case .
remove edges of the graph connected to masked nodes , as well as corresponding weights of the edges .
convert a 24 bit bitmap into the modified internal format used by windows .
return a list of weakrefs to each object in * objs .
print a warning log message .
a wait callback useful to allow gevent to work with psycopg .
request worker statistics / information .
internal utility to compute / validate an imagenet models input shape .
require that user be logged in .
decorator to copy the docstring from another function .
create a new container .
only works on windows systems
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression arrow id
get the function signature as a mapping of attributes .
run a sequence of commands in a container .
utility function to convert a process log to a dict
returns true if user is prereg admin , but not admin on project
creates the client as specified in the luigi . cfg configuration .
returns a dictionary of fieldname - > infodict for the given table , where each infodict is in the format : { primary _ key : boolean representing whether its the primary key , unique : boolean representing whether its a unique index }
call the post - link script , and return true on success ,
returns an httpresponseredirect to the apropriate url for the arguments passed .
deletes a backup including its associated files and other metadata .
clear the cached options for the specified port ; run a make rmconfig name
builds a w2p bytecode - compiled package for the application
expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression
get new files .
returns an unused port that should be suitable for binding .
return true if any folder is found in the tree at path
cache values in queue before sendign
fetches a list of all security group rules for a tenant
remove a network network _ id
return the value of n and either a 0 or else the next near - prime that would have been tested .
helper function for : func : _ factor .
adds the repo , removes old repos before , that would conflict .
return a list of the vms that are managed by the provider
set the position of a finder window for folder to pos = .
get the path for pyqt5s libegl . dll .
returns a group topic form page .
returns a string where each character has been xored with key .
instantiates a keras function .
use this * inside * a doctest to enable this checker for this doctest only .
wrapper to make an inplace optimization that deals with allocempty
determine a release name from an nzb and / or folder name
remove leading zeros from f .
compute a general sine or cosine - type transform
given a thing type name , delete it .
setup the knx switch platform .
convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app _ id of the caller .
format subscriptions data for project settings page
decorator for ultra slow tests .
return a list of all non - overlapping matches in the string .
find a suitable lib .
if accept is set explicitly , try to follow it .
subscribe a query .
return true if service is running name the services name sig signature to identify with ps
theanos max pooling op only supports pool _ stride = pool _ shape so here we have a graph that does max pooling with strides
runs the specified op on the table .
compute a majority rule consensus tree of all clades with relative frequency > = threshold from a list of trees .
get a range of values from a list in redis
create an hboxlayout with the specified sizes and items
generates sub - navigation entries for the current dashboard .
return the cpu information for solaris - like systems
return a date from a date or a datetime
open a docx file , return a document xml tree
render request into json object to be handled by ajax on the server - side
count intersection between two line segments defined by coordinate pairs .
proxy for context . get _ current _ canvas to avoud circular import .
return the targets from the ansible inventory _ file
return ssh configuration dict for current env . host _ string host value .
get a list of mutations needed across tables for an entity change .
benchmarks show that this is the same speed as py _ xor ( ) for small strings and much slower for large strings , so dont use it .
saves the app source code at the backups location on the filesystem .
listen for compress events .
gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
returns a relative frequency histogram , using the histogram function .
pull out point - wise slices from block
used to gather many files from the master , the gathered files will be saved in the minion cachedir reflective to the paths retrieved from the
return crontab information from osquery
solves the general quadratic ternary form , ax ^ 2 + by ^ 2 + cz ^ 2 + fxy + gyz + hxz = 0 .
add path to the pixel table .
sum of the values in a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
a report providing assessments received broken down by time
get a search engine url for a text .
simple method to convert an hexadecimal string to ascii string
get a path relative to the zipline root .
parses a boolean text and converts it into boolean value .
decode urlencoded content to message .
wrapper function so that the default mapping is only built when needed
sends the request object using the specified pool .
query an instance upon creation from the joyent api
factory function for a manager that subclasses superclass ( which is a
attempt to parse date into datetime . datetime object
test label in src
adds host key for a host .
sets the led matrix to low light mode .
solving an issue with an urllib2 request header case sensitivity
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
convert suds object into serializable format .
returns an array of samples drawn from a gumbel distribution .
starts a lightweight web server for development .
fit models and make predictions .
get the newest home assistant version .
delete a map , and its constituent layers .
print text to standard error .
returns the rms contrast of a array
return a tuple .
normalize a given annihilator
this decorator activates commit on response .
expand the expected code string in set of codes .
send drop table .
get the carving for the gts file .
helper function to get html escaped output from gettext
consider an expression constant when computing gradients .
convert central moments to mean , variance , skew , kurtosis
given a tuple from readeventlog , and optionally where the event record came from , load the message , and process message inserts .
make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith .
reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine
add a key to the authorized _ keys file , using a file as the source .
internal parser function for l { _ parseserver } to convert the string arguments for an ssl stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
draw the schematic for a local binary pattern .
when this function is run from the main thread , it will force other threads to exit when any modules currently loaded change .
apply mtom to a soap envelope , separating attachments into a
get lock on media list items .
return the abstraction description of an environment variable definition into a statement for shell script .
categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor , where the target is an integer tensor .
test plotting of source estimates .
tests that polynomials are scaled when used in compound models .
expands x if necessary into a n - d kernel shape and reports errors .
return nginx config grains value
generate xinetd file .
this function pushes data onto the pyramid threadlocal stack , making those objects current .
determines appropriate setting for a given request , taking into account the explicit setting on that request , and the setting in the session .
escape text for html .
register a new model handler .
test whether we are online or not .
makes a value out of iterable if it is a list or tuple itself > > > unarrayizevalue u1
parse out the actor info from a line like : : author tom preston - werner 1191999972 - 0700
loads a sol file and returns a l { sol } object .
get the time in minutes from a timestamp .
generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation .
call func _ to _ retry and return its results .
return the organizations that the user has a given permission for .
filter the provided parameters dict and return a list of parameter names which are marked as secret .
snaps a path to the most likely roads travelled .
an improvement over functools . update _ wrapper .
load a json file as a dictionary
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
create a property accessor for the given name .
batch iterator for fine tuning network , no augmentation .
return all steps for the cluster as a list , in chronological order .
encode a python boolean .
get the procedures up to and including the given procedure .
add a trailing slash to a path if it needs one .
return information about a certificate . .
updates the local plugin description
return true iff a and b have the same lowercase representation .
get a unified diff of the changes .
takes a glist ptr , copies the values casted to type _ in to a list and frees all items and the list .
get a key from the gpg keychain keyid
return version from hadoop version
wraps djangos resolve to remove the locale and app from the path .
finds the internet gateway for the given vpc id .
decorator raising skiptest if the os is mac os x and the os x version if less than min _ version .
converts a string argument to a byte string .
use numpy to find the common dtype for a list of ndarrays .
set a value using get _ doc , group of values
send quit request to http server running on localhost :
a decorator for deprecated functions
compare two sets .
back a back - table .
build a list of test arguments .
build a form displaying all the questions for a given series _ id
multiplies index row with k
find a server image by id or name
display the version of drac
decrease the indentation level and output a } on a line by itself .
get complex from multiplier , prefixes and xml element .
helper function handle border and fill colors .
return numpy numeric data types .
consume a task .
add a fragment and / or query paramaters to a url .
helper function to generate a figure
computes the total l2 norm of a set of tensors .
create and return a pclass field to hold a blockdevicevolume .
get the vsphere object associated with a given text name
return the literal fact of an atom .
to allow imports to resolve . . .
returns choice f that ignores second parameter so can use same api .
get the score functions .
return a gzip - compressing middleware .
update 7 - day add - on download counts .
add a wsgi intercept call for host : port , using the app returned by app _ create _ fn with a script _ name of script _ name .
change the users room number
context manager for running code that expects to raise warnings .
a ufunc kernel to compute the discriminant of quadratic equation
normal part of the denominator .
update a thread .
ensure that the tkinter package excluded by pil package hooks is importable by frozen applications explicitly importing both .
convert a raw data into a long integer .
make msg clear line when output
get all available regions for the amazon machine learning .
limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
return an example hmm
run the tests .
given a location , delete an image from the store and update location status to db .
ensure text can be pulled out of a document
adds an entry to the beginning of sys . path , working around the fact that
calculates a multipart upload etag for amazon s3
generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
setup the splunk component .
split a pathname .
perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
given a list of filenames and page ranges , return a list of pairs .
yield egg or source distribution objects that might be found at a url
turn off all profiles
this function is called every time an object that will not be exported is required .
returns an integer c s . t .
a version of getattr ( ) that supports netproxies
return the image object to use .
setup the transmission switch .
order nodes in dask graph
deserialize the datastore item value .
get the directory path from file name help .
returns a rdbms type for a given django engine name
upload a signed blob into the datastore .
make the google unique id of zone / project / id .
register a plugin class .
verifies that all source files exist on disk .
migrates clients and users labels .
multi - class cross entropy .
shear an image randomly or non - randomly .
used for derivative implementations
get extrude output for a rack .
save a new / modified model to database
retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain .
returns the powershell version
parse query or json to python dictionary
generate lines in pajek graph format .
determine whether the vm will use a paravirtualized kernel or if it will use hardware virtualization .
check that an input or output schema list is of the correct type .
remove all failed jobs from history , including files
given an input string , returns an html fragment as a string .
returns as many nodes as there are in the datastream .
compute the recall
generates the readme for a sample .
create a finite random variable representing a coin toss .
even when email verification is not mandatory during signup , there may be circumstances during which you really want to prevent unverified users to proceed .
take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb type .
check the version of bower to ensure this module will work .
new document form
helper to extract list of mods from event
allow specified flags to be used in the given context .
build all the obfuscated pwnstaller source files .
tries to guess the encoding used by the terminal .
returns cs _ comments _ service url endpoint to mark thread as read for given user _ id
visualize a mini - batch for debugging .
setup the cast platform .
decorator to note which object methods require authorization .
return a list of tuples that can initialize random . random .
parse the all yaml documents in a stream using the astropyloader class and produce the corresponding python object .
clean up lint in the current dir .
this serializes an input object into something that can be serialized by the python json encoder .
right is an immediate child of left
get the hypertext help with navigation lines .
generate testcases for test _ split _ binding .
sets the application name .
list all vms connect to nictag nictag : string name of nictag
filters a list and returns ipv6 values only .
splits up a network into data , train _ val and deploy layers
create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays .
poll the status of a cloudformation stack .
return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the sequence .
list jobs for a project .
get the import base name for the installed subproject .
returns a tuple of checkresult and user _ obj which should be used for permission checks
test ctf reader with omitted samples .
insert a shim target that forces the linker to use 4kb pagesize pdbs .
implement the report subcommand
return array from byte string containing packed samples .
call post - configuration of kivy .
safe loading of the user model , customized or not .
set a parameter
check whether the passed in html string can be parsed by lxml .
takes a list of decorators and returns a single decorator .
get the cascade precision .
return full pathname of installed pyconfig . h file .
get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes .
looks to see if dladm is present on the system
activate nbd for an image file .
create py _ unicode [ ] representation of a given unicode string .
sort terms in f using the given monomial order o .
returns the set of all nodes that are before the given node .
get boolean from the dictionary and key .
return the constant scalar value underlying variable v
checks that value is non - empty and of the right type .
compresses linked and inline javascript or css into a single cached file .
hyperbolic arctangent of a series
run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
add the id and fields to document .
get ip for sentinel master . .
collect all the adjustments that occur in a dataset that does not have a sid column .
plot spatial maps of psds .
remove tags from a file .
return the free memory on the gpu in megabytes .
yield successive sized chunks from list .
task responsible for getting information about a user in basket .
remove all files from output directory except those in retention list
builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule .
returns true if the file - like object can be read from .
return the user that owns a given file path file or directory of which to get the user follow _ symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed
convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $ a $ 1 : $ b $ 1 absolute range string .
returns program path or none .
print the framework title , with version .
calculate italian vat number check digit .
return true if the url is a safe redirection .
check that g represents a simple undirected graph .
check if a given url is in being monitored by uptime
add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles .
merges two graphs that share a subset of nodes .
set an items metadata from its matched trackinfo object .
find descendant entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy , grouped by root pe
quote dangerous characters of s for use in a postscript string constant .
loads a given json file & returns it .
thin wrapper for the library export manager .
returns a frappe . model . document object .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
list background jobs .
convert a pandas timestamp into the name of the directory for the ingestion .
wrap up numpy function into dask . array
removes a qos to tenant association
delete mlist page
convenience routine for doing a reverse lookup of an address
remove a file or directory
given a library object , return the path to the feeds directory to be used .
replace macros which have excessive following slashes .
compute nt zeros of bessel function y1 ( z ) , and derivative at each zero .
return a dictionary in the form { infotype : infolistorstring } , retrieving a single set of information about a given movie , from the specified table .
validate that if not in debug mode , key settings have been changed .
register cli options needed to create a plugin .
create protocol messages out of the given payload .
retrieves an option based on key , merging all matches .
roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the transaction management state of the connection .
split a string using the delimeter into a list .
return device _ owner names for ports that should be serviced by dvr
exponential moving average
parses a fuzzy setting , if present .
subset the first argument to second , dropping unused parts of the font .
adds a public property for a nonrepeated , scalar protocol message field .
update user full name using data from provider .
register schema to be available at path for $ refs
return the list of top - level categories as a list of dictionaries .
make sure that the parameter fill _ values works as intended .
encode and sign a pickle - able object .
set the new course price and add new entry in the coursemodesarchive table
store the config file as a zip
get the block counts for a given block _ url
cache and list the font filenames known to fc - list .
return a dictionary of all tags in the form { hash : [ tag _ names , . . . ] } .
return or for possible . exe name
the equation of this catagory are . .
squeezing operation : reshape to convert space to channels .
create an archive file .
yield egg or source distribution objects based on basename
delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
extract the account acls from the given account _ info , and return the acls .
reboots the device .
returns a rendering of a view extension configuration template
compute ssp vectors on epochs .
start the twisted reactor in a separate thread , if not already done .
sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and thousand separator setting .
revoke a grant from a key .
return the hierarchically constructed dorogovtsev - goltsev - mendes graph .
safely evaluate an expression node or a string containing a python expression .
tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
return the square - free decomposition of a gf ( p ) [ x ] polynomial .
retrieve gecos field info and return it in dictionary form
check that headers is a valid dictionary for headers .
ignore the known deprecationwarnings .
computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k [ x ] .
return a regular expression for tokenization .
produce a string containing each thing in c { things } , separated by a c { delimiter } , with the last couple being separated by c { finaldelimiter }
authenticates to a control socket using the safe cookie method , which is enabled by setting the cookieauthentication torrc option on tor clients which support it .
try to start embedded mqtt broker .
ensure tables make sense
resolves the master _ ip and master _ uri options
return all interface configs
return a titlecased version of the value .
used by logistic regression and linearsvc .
test user has _ manager _ permissions method .
generic function for argreduction .
make sure every element in list is unicode .
test function for issue 9936
add faces given stl binary .
prepare for a division - by - zero exception .
create an sgml / xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
returns the relativistic energy of the state in hartree atomic units .
accepts log - values as input , exponentiates them , sums down the rows , normalizes and returns the result .
repeats a 2d tensor .
write blob diff .
check and convert django database objects to an internal representation .
safe way to reset warnings .
output language statistics of committed translation files for each
truncate the text of an html5lib tree .
only load if boto is available .
produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer , msb first .
rename tables with foreign key constraints .
build a test suite of the above tests and extension doctests .
flexibly plot a univariate distribution of observations .
given function name and alias name , find and return matching alias information .
generate a list of from the git tree object in buf .
get the current default namespace or ( ) namespace if unset .
concealing baby swallow
reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements .
writes a word graph file from a list of words .
return the optimal histogram bin width using the freedman - diaconis rule
returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders .
read bti info .
converts unicode strings to bytestrings on python 2 .
create or update a term translation .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
returns the variance of the given list of values .
test that a new document can be created
find assets by looking for an assets module within each installed application , similar to how , e . g . , the admin autodiscover process works .
function to format a warning the standard way .
parses global options from the command line .
construct input for cifar evaluation using the reader ops .
show the index page or any an offset of it .
test simulation of raw data with chpi .
calculates the method resolution order for a given class * cls * .
return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
helper method to determine if tag requested already exists
ajax preview of posts .
returns a path relative to the test / tmp directory
decode header byte 1
compares hmac1 and hmac2 after hmacing them again using key .
create read - only fields in the vm record .
restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target .
grid for custom transform .
given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients , this one will return the right one .
return the number of cpus .
check that armijo condition applies
returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
lists all of the ports within bridge .
lay out child components in a single horizontal row .
colorize error message with prefix
returns true if there is a bucket under this name in the object store .
copy files & folders from source to destination
automate everything to be done for a release with numpy - vendor
interactively downloads a given file url to a given output file
return a mapping containing an install scheme .
returns translation percentage .
returns the available modules .
decode type of the data field of an eface or iface struct .
process a complete data set and save it as a tfrecord .
prepares data for technique specified
traverse and yield only outer - exposed column elements , such as would be addressable in the where clause of a select if this element were in the columns clause .
build the cnn model .
make sure that findcmderror is raised if we cant find the cmd .
permutes the dimensions of an array .
convenience function for partially consuming a long of infinite iterable
set the value of the setting for an iis container .
get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
pass me an abstract object tree , and ill unjelly it for you .
will retrive the probes from the network device using salt module " probes " throught napalm proxy .
start a vm
return unicode name of 8bit ascii string , first try utf - 8 , then codepage , then cp1252
find metadata in dir for an item with the given name , or for the directory itself if the name is .
return bearing between two points in degrees , in range 0 - 360 thanks to URL
extracts the div [ @ id ] from the links on the documentsforbill pages
alternative toctree resolution for main content : dont resolve the toctree , just handle it as a normal node , in the translator
load and return the digits dataset .
copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
extract exc _ info from failure instances
parse a c struct definition .
creates a workflow to calculate various graph measures on an input network .
return autocomplete values for a query
encode in python 2 , but not in python 3 .
the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n _ utils . render
return the host on which a client can connect to the given listener .
place a database under migration control
return the magic string used to recognize byte - compiled code files .
access the cartan matrix of a specific lie algebra
lazy options getter - this is useful when the expected number of options is significantly smaller than the number of records to iterate through
wraps itself around get facebook graph
inside a comment
remove senderkey from connections .
transpose flat item list that is regarded as a multi - dimensional matrix defined by shape : dest . . . [ k ] [ j ] [ i ] = src [ i ] [ j ] [ k ] . . .
get the cutting craft sequence .
initialise the database with initdb
returns the index of the first vowel in the word .
convert a list of scopes to a space separated string .
returns a function that evicts nothing .
given a course id and commentable id stop following commentable ajax only
generate all possible slice tuples for shape .
return the extension manager used by review board .
libcloud supported node states
multi class version of logarithmic loss metric .
a simple memoize decorator for functions supporting positional arguments .
print a message on the left of screen
make sure expected attributes are on all keys
delete request headers whose field names are included in headers .
adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
split a tricky compound location string .
compute the reciprocity in a directed graph .
print the generator name to the textview , in the position where the cursor is at .
create an imagemember object .
do not use set , this must always return the same value at the same index .
compute the peak signal to noise ratio for an image .
bootstrap a container from package servers , if dist is none the os the minion is running as will be created , otherwise the needed bootstrapping tools will need to be available on the host .
generates a ctypes function that returns a 64 - bit integer value .
wraps a queue class to track down if close ( ) method was called
given current state of our dbm , sample the values taken by the i - th layer .
list all subdirectories and files in a directory .
parse fmadm faulty output
return the user that owns a given file
returns the object pointed to by ref .
check we have the sphinx - build command
concatenate all the certificates in anchor _ list and write the result to file to a temporary file using mkstemp ( ) from tempfile module .
test some low level bazaar tools .
perform an actual interpolation of values , values will be make 2 - d if needed fills inplace , returns the result
reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt .
raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid .
calculate totals for a kit
looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file , otherwise returns none .
decorator for setting up a handler .
convert a function name into a function by importing it .
return a new paragraph element containing * paratext * .
raise an error to indicate error in the salt configuration file
this function calls a class to extract information from the given
return the composite index needed for a query .
run memory leaks tests
parse a string referring to an object .
displays the date hierarchy for date drill - down functionality .
generates the cyclic group of order n as a permutation group .
notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
create an anonymous struct containing the given llvm * values * .
take a banded triangular matrix and return its diagonal and the unit matrix : the banded triangular matrix with 1s on the diagonal ,
destroy the volume or raise if it does not exist .
checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
get the geometric difference of the two numbers .
creates a url to hook into social auth endpoints .
function use for old nag compatibility .
set up the arduino platform .
returns key / value pairs of things that seem like public fields of an object .
post a new answer to a question .
create a new socket for the configured addresses or file descriptors .
controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv
check if the version control system for a repo type is installed .
takes a list of integers and randomly swaps the elements in an unbiased manner .
ensures that the filestats properties are what they are suppose to be .
return iterable of emailmessages with user and watch values substituted .
a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label .
like : func : htmlsafe _ dumps but writes into a file object .
return the last value in * values * that is not none .
this function returns a numpy array that stores the audio samples of a specified wav of aiff file
create the post states snapshot
a generator of billtext for the given state .
a convenient method to setup a sequence of mock calls .
a tmpdir added to sys . path
returns revision id of repo
exception and validation functionality around the _ connect view
print a traceback to the standard log .
query a type of record for one or more items .
decorator to register an mps - youtube command .
send the request and return a request . response .
uncomment the first two lines to enable gae mini profiler on production for admin accounts
a numeric or string subscript
function to read in an array descriptor
reset terminal control character and modes for non win oss .
delete a brocade specific network / port - profiles .
yield non - empty / non - comment lines of a basestring or sequence
the input is a list of [ token , tag ] - items .
write a sequence of trees to file in the given format .
for date and time values shows how many seconds , minutes or hours ago compared to current timestamp returns representing string .
return the estrada index of a the graph g .
call available pre - op methods sequentially .
return true if the specified target is valid , false otherwise .
non - recursive glob for one directory .
parses a single diff tree entry into its component elements .
generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory
return the host and port to bind to .
the goal of this block is to determine if the quoted string is unterminated in which case it needs to be put back together
submits a flag to the game server
add index in tabcommunication for
use wurfl for browser compatibility detection
function to download any vmx file passed to it via the datastore browser and find the vc . uuid and displayname
a wrapper for : py : func : urlparse . urlparse with the following differences :
retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path .
type of ports interface .
save traceback when run in debug mode
get valid parts of utf - 8 str from str , unicode and even invalid utf - 8 str
sets the locale for currency formatting .
declares one flag as key to the current module .
is _ type verifies if obj is of a certain type .
zdt4 multiobjective function .
removes from the xmltree and returns them as a string , otherwise none .
copies the given cpu array to specified device .
return the base url of the given response , joined with the response url
drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
do nothing please .
start a new , mapper - only mapreduce .
returns true if filename seems to be a test file
given a i { dispatch } name and a function , return a function which can be used as a method and which , when called , will call another method defined on the instance and return the result .
rolls back the most recent savepoint .
finds a sink node in the directed graph .
wrangle acme client construction
place for " dirty " python related patches
draw wireframe box
finds a zone by name or zone _ id
read a file from the file system and return as a base64 encoded string . .
update contact when user is updated , if contact is found .
internal function that constructs a new variable from x with the same type , but with a different name .
neighbor discovery option decorator
when a file doesnt exist , the exception raised should be safe to call str ( ) on - i . e . in python 2 it must only have ascii characters .
get a repo instance for the given backend and url regex match .
returns the csv value of v , for example : apple becomes " apple " hi " there becomes " hi " " there "
get the installed version of dist _ name avoiding pkg _ resources cache
combine multiple concatenation plans into one .
discover the version of django installed .
kim smoother using pure python
validates a list of handler objects .
interrupt running process , and provide a python prompt for interactive debugging .
return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
creates a default instance of a flat relational field .
validate that a number is between minimum and / or maximum value .
global values to pass to templates
returns a data stores id from the given data store name .
send a put request for the specified object .
elementwise natural logarithm function .
for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined .
return transform matrix offset center .
plots rank - abundance curve .
the usual in function
returns the value formatted in html , depends on markup _ language setting .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond3 .
read and parse configurations
execute sql queries on the datastore .
return the unicode block name for ch , or none if ch has no block .
get ordered dict of vocab from google word2vec
make xonsh available as a jupyter kernel .
return true if a particular config variable has been set by the user including if the user explicitly set it to the default .
helper function to retry a given function a number of times .
construct the vertices and svg codes for the path
provides the path of the given freebsd jail .
if in valid mode , returns whether or not the input arrays need to be swapped depending on whether shape1 is at least as large as shape2 in every dimension .
create initial search index
return the output from the sigmoid neuron with weights w and inputs x .
remove ansi escape codes from text .
returns options used for the rawfile _ json returner .
return the mask associated with provided length value .
writes a unicode string to a file
find file fname in paths .
get the details of a local psget repository
force server scheme , host and port at the application level .
list all available authorization
remove the directory from the system path index : where the directory should be placed in the path
helper for translate _ exception .
attempt to attach an ebs volume to an ec2 instance and wait for the corresponding os device to become available .
change the default group of the user
multiple a and b exactly , returning the result as two float64s .
iterate over all public gists .
returns the classification rate of the default knn .
setup the introduction component .
determine the best output format based on the accept header , execute the regular handler , and transform the output to the request content type .
create a pkcs # 12 browser certificate for a particular certificate ca _ name name of the ca
try to gzip the response body if content - type in mime _ types .
get fully qualified domain name from name .
yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string , or a iterable thereof .
check whether the repository already exists .
generate top table ( s )
save an event from a wizard json
check for the changes in the file metadata .
long _ to _ bytes : string
prints a list of comments
given an application name and a module name , tries to find that module in the application .
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
return interface _ addresses information from osquery
a routine to generate necklaces that may or may not be turned over to be viewed .
get all non - deleted volume _ types .
returns true except for dna + rna or nucleotide + protein .
fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
remove categorical attributes and impute missing values .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bridging _ opts
generate an index for for packs .
get both paths along the loop from the point closest to the begin to the point closest to the end .
get the release with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release key .
generic include in cluster method .
return error numbers for error names , ignoring non - existent names
stretch a gcode linear move file .
split pem objects .
select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices .
builds the 8x8 resnet block .
determine if the orbits are large enough .
setup the wink platform .
helper for handling clicks on vertical scrollbar using selections .
exploit all the vulnerabilities .
builds the operations adding a textad to each adgroup .
return opened file with a specific encoding .
check multi line docstring end .
this function maps sqlalchemy types to spyne types .
return the current vim mode .
a decorator that will take a screenshot before and after the applied function is run .
setup as a sphinx extension .
remove any existing cohort to partition _ id / group _ id link .
retrieves configured users
add the given tax _ percentage to the given price .
fixup _ ins _ del _ tags that works on an lxml document in - place
ensure the telemetry alert exists .
given a domain name describe its properties .
set the utime of a file , and if it fails , raise a more explicit error .
hexdump function shared by various plugins
snapshot the root disk only .
starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl .
parse the given arguments into the global options dictionary .
copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf .
helper function to return a makepy generated class for a clsid if it exists , otherwise cope by using cdispatch .
helper to create metadata querystring with microversion
returns the best available display name for the given function / callable .
copies the file from the local device to the junos device .
checks rules from the c + + style rules section of cppguide . html .
context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies .
characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions .
save the object to file via pickling .
reverse function to safecharencode
writes the current figure to a file in the given format .
a test view for testing purposes .
checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems .
deinstalls the currently active translation object so that further _ calls will resolve against the default translation object , again .
calculate expected value of a function with respect to the distribution location and scale only tested on a few examples
check whether string interpolation is delayed at logging calls
convert a zero matrix to the scalar zero .
takes a list of table names and drops them from the database if they exist .
actor focused activity stream for actor defined by content _ type _ id , object _ id .
prints a message when the array package specific version of an extension fails to import correctly .
returns a list of null objects .
unconditionally skip a test .
generator for extract _ label _ time _ course .
instantiate the vgg16 architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
extract the url to self from response data .
install the apps .
process the xml element .
initialize data for : func : idd _ sfrm .
have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout .
get codec description from media elementary stream .
instantiates address manager and outsocket as globals
feed a gcode linear move file .
return the default vlc . instance .
return the indices into * x * where * x * crosses some threshold from below , e . g . , the is where : : x [ i - 1 ] > threshold and x [ i ] < = threshold
blocks the signal handler from being invoked until handler _ unblock ( ) is called .
avoid dicts as default keyword arguments .
check for notifications for this product and send email to users if the product is back in stock .
setup example component .
returns true if folder is hidden .
dummy view for remote user tests
returns the current backend
find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
return true if a space is required between the left and right token .
user information section 9 . 3 . 31
find a framework using dyld semantics in a very loose manner .
creates a query to filter tickets based on filterform arguments
set up a null handler for the given stream , to suppress " no handlers could be found " warnings .
generate an array of byte strings .
start a new app
runs the download and conversion operation .
convert a json managed zone to the native object .
helper function to output a function signature
delete group avatar .
generator to iterate over all the subclasses of model .
parses our arguments , providing a named tuple with their values .
raise the priority of the current thread / process .
create symbols and inject them into the global namespace .
send virtual keypress to homematic controlller .
fetches all registration - related logs except for project _ registered .
convert an object into an unicode instance , to be used instead of unicode ( s )
clears the securedrop development applications state , restoring it to the way it was immediately after running setup _ dev . sh .
efficiently determines missing datetimes by filesystem listing .
automatically move tickets to upper queues when no action taken
format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic _ edit template
turn a full member name into an anchor .
return a matrix arising in regularized least squares as linearoperator .
prepares exception data to be sent over rpc .
drop - in replacement for scipy . ndimage . gaussian _ filter .
truncates html after a certain number of words .
determine whether origin is a fits file .
returns square - free part of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
wrap comparison operations to convert datetime - like to datetime64
a slightly safer version of urlib2 . urlopen which prevents redirection and ensures the url isnt attempting to hit a blacklisted ip range .
connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 .
make a string safe to include in an sql statement .
get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder .
construct a callinginfo value from a target container name .
indent all non - empty lines of string by depth 4 - character tabs
sets up pythonpath so that collectors can easily import common code .
stop / start execution till patch is run
only to be used for debug purposes .
create an instance from the values dictionary .
this method clones a posterior inference graph by iterating forward in topological order , and replacing prior random - variables with new posterior distributions that make use of observations .
sort * individuals * in pareto non - dominated fronts using the generalized
returns for given .
use database backend for searching
convenience function for constructing qpen .
try to retrieve key from dict1 if exists , otherwise try with dict2 .
create a treq - api object that implements the rest api tls authentication .
use a custom norm to control the displayed z - range of a shaded plot .
a matrix product that knows about sparse and structured matrices .
upload html form with list of versions to upload html for
return an iterator providing the dates between start and end , inclusive .
custom exception handler that returns errors object as an array
collect assert _ * methods from djangos transactiontestcase .
returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test
get all the necessary django modules specified in settings . py .
api view for inviting an unregistered user .
s1 : string s2 : string normalize : divide edit distance by maximum length if true
calculate hus set of image moments .
parse the given attribute value as a boolean value .
returns a dict of xdg dirs read from $ xdg _ config _ home / user - dirs . dirs .
return a list of the disjuncts in the sentence s .
generates a unique namespace for a function
generate the rst file for an example directory .
a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg _ resources .
create an input stream of a file .
computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers , weighted by a coefficient for each layer .
calculate a single corpus - level bleu score ( aka .
create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape , and initialize it using xavier initialition .
tells the user that python 2 . 5 runtime is deprecated .
converts decimal values to nicely formatted hex strings
sends a post request .
parses the cookie set by the official facebook javascript sdk .
implement a static limit on some measurement on a gp tree , as defined by koza in [ koza1989 ] .
create a keystone project .
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a c { l { matchfirst } } for best performance .
utility function for estimating optimal countgraph args .
get the last focused window , or the last window if none .
parameter _ type _ list _ opt : parameter _ type _ list
return firefox _ addons information from osquery
parse command - line arguments
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber ( x ) .
convert an e . 164 number in textual form into a name object whose value is the enum domain name for that number .
extend program representations by attaching a url to be used when linking to program details .
setup mfi sensors .
return dict describing the context of this package
verify that ruby is uninstalled
get crl file for project .
check if the user has the given permissions for the group , allowing for sysadmin rights and permission cascading down a group hierarchy .
serve mini manifest for yogafires packaged . zip .
returns a joined url .
checks and imports the evennia dependencies .
determine if cells can be pinned to a host cell .
instructs monit to restart all processes hosting the given watch .
copies a sortexpression to a search _ service _ pb . sortspec protocol buffer .
apply randomstate method with seed
creates method for dispatching messages .
receives the input given by the user from create _ payload . py
convert data read from stdout / stderr to unicode
unpack an ae descriptor to a python object
decorator to skip test if condition is false .
return true if the remote file exists .
convert value to number whenever possible , return same value otherwise .
looks for the system default sr and triggers a re - scan .
read the element data of type : data : uinteger
apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that * are * exprs .
detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content
compute complex spherical harmonics of spherical coordinates .
emit the line without formatting .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
converts string x . x . x . y to int tuple
this method publicly posts a copy of the takedown notice to URL
create a new agent build entry .
create a new role with name - spaced name based on the repository name and its owners public user name .
returns an approximate significance level between two lists of independently generated test values .
undo the changes applied by a salt job jid
writes the state dictionary out to disk .
solves lap _ sparse x _ i = b _ i for each phase i .
convert a wire encodeable object into structured python objects that are json serializable .
create a new project .
make sure directory exists with proper permissions .
format a human readable relative time for timestamps up to 30 days old
extract user information from certificate , if it exists , returning .
return a dictionary of configuration settings for the active credit card processor .
normalize the excluded directory list .
separates out the quality score from the accepted content _ type
migrate non - reference fields containing primary keys on nodes .
this is a shorthand for print _ exception .
will return non - root mappings , when exclude _ root _ mapping is true .
segment a series of file paths into tarpartition values
calculate the residual sum of squares .
fir filter design using the window method .
evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval
generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation .
create a flavor object from instances system _ metadata information .
restart the named service
create a list of n bootstrapped resamples of the data
the closest tuples to tup : decrementing by 1 along any dimension .
creates and configures a cffi . ffi object , that builds pytorch extension .
convert camelcase string to snake _ case
documents a collection method
returns the name of this proxy
build a string id from a value
check whether the models defined by @ data exist in the @ queryset .
creates a performance counter which tracks the average value of a quantity which varies for discrete occurrences of an event .
return a partial tool shed url , eliminating the protocol and / or port if either exists .
compare two code - objects .
format an upload creation timestamp with milliseconds .
a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
clayton or cook , johnson bivariate copula
add and remove query parameters .
list media instance in media list at a position
return the hosting service with the given name .
finds number of columns affected by union based injection
set the callable used to gather stats for the instance .
the x509 _ name created will not be gcd .
test the behavior of - - uptodate - - format = legacy flag in the list command
run list of commands , one after another
reload the daemons configuration files user user to run supervisorctl as conf _ file path to supervisord config file bin _ env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed
polynomial pseudo - remainder in k [ x ] .
gets the type of interface
return an annotated weak ref .
this function creates an instance of every attack plugin , then orders it using the returning value of the get _ root _ probability method and finnaly runs every one of them until a vulnerability is successfully exploited .
inverse label binarization transformation for multiclass .
return a shorter truncated x of the same type , useful for logging .
build a commit graph from a concise specification .
delete an elasticache replication group , optionally taking a snapshot first .
returns a tuple of for all pep8 violations in the given report _ file .
returns url of the themed asset if asset is not themed than returns the default asset url .
creates a dictionary char : integer for each unique character
combine multiple coordinate objects into a single ~ astropy . coordinates . skycoord .
find the nearest parent of node that is a statement node .
computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution
get current administrative view .
return the enabled services
send analytics event for a newly created thread .
make sure every section has a description .
fetches all threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
update a file with a new value .
tests datetimes are left intact if use _ tz is not in effect .
downsample the signal after applying an anti - aliasing filter .
convert indexdefinitions to set of keys .
return the equivalency pairs for the optical convention for velocity .
returns the object transient system metadata header for key .
mangle compatibility messages so that the message type matches the compatibility type , and alter totals as appropriate .
check of processname is active .
this function prints the cluster purity and speaker purity for each wav file stored in a provided directory
convert a mopidy proxy config to the commonly used proxy string format .
return the variables that contribute to those in variable _ list .
if the environment variable w3af _ profiling is set to 1 , then we start the cpu and memory profiling .
install hook in git repository .
parse vm _ present vm config
initialize descriptor data structure and call update _ stats
basic handler to render the index page .
robust estimation of homography h from point correspondences using ransac .
data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate .
formats a date according to the given format .
if user is in a beta test group , adjust the start date by the appropriate number of days .
nest : b
provides the working directory of the given process .
extract the proper program executable .
apply a palette array to an image , return a new image .
recursively convert to functions all " code strings " below the node .
load credentials from the given file handle .
retrieve all default quotas .
uses the locale directory from the django svn tree or an application / project to process all
read simple datatypes from tag .
find repeats and repeat counts .
returns a queryparser configured to support only + , - , and phrase syntax , and which converts individual terms into disjunctionmax queries across a set of fields .
convert ipv6 string to packed bytes .
creates a user with normal permissions .
decorator to enable readonly mode
purge deleted rows older than given age from cinder tables
returns the class of the action manager to use from actstream _ settings [ manager ]
bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion
returns string in words for the given integer .
check if a string is a valid branch - name / ref - name for git
compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch using community information .
check if the tag is a block level html tag .
returns the pointer arguments by - refernece value .
add a tool plugin menu .
disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard - level metrics on stream stream _ name
fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation .
sets the attribute in a thread safe manner .
try to parse a string in format " app _ label . model _ name : pk " , as is used
add a new instance of the discussion category .
training event controller , defined in the model for use from multiple controllers for unified menus
generate a readable description for a key
generate all possible tuples of indices .
parses a range header into a
create a new engine instance using a configuration dictionary .
get a l { jsonschema } validator for c { schema } .
returns the contents for the given static tab
given an amount , return a higher amount and the difference .
checks if an undefined - step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
creates a new ipsecpolicy
returns path to an image resized to maxwidth .
create the samples . py file
benchmark several runs of a long - running command .
for geos unary predicate functions .
dummy implementation of thread . stack _ size ( ) .
return an event object suitable for the named transport
function to cache storage path
sets the time zone for the current thread .
translation _ unit : translation _ unit external _ declaration
retrieves volume type by id or name
converts an image into a network input .
lookup the error based on the passed number . .
block while an action is being performed , periodically printing progress .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
replace an illegal for xml unicode character with nothing .
remove undesired headers from the provided headers dict .
uploads the given package to the server , storing it in remotepath .
sets the userid / groupid of the current process , get session leader , etc .
returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play .
set the http timeout
this is a hybrid request ip resolver that attempts should address most cases .
return data to a mongodb server
format * sql * according to * options * .
write a text to a file .
get javascript message catalog for all apps in installed _ apps .
return black top hat of an image .
bounce a url off an outgoing url redirector , such as outgoing . prod . mozaws . net .
get all releases linked to an artist , a label , a recording or a release group .
sends a copy of this draft to the recipient , using the specified body rather that the one on the draft object , and not marking the draft as sent .
scan the string s for a json string .
return a list that is sorted in a non - dominating fashion .
return the number of nodes in the graph .
tars dir into file , only tars file that match expression
process the parameter in the file _ data decorator .
return the path of the salt module
returns the view for the results of the queryhistory with the given id .
convert a size in bytes into a human readable form
find peaks in an image as coordinate list or boolean mask .
instructs chocolatey to install a package via cygwin .
create a representation of a unicode string that can be used in both
return available blas function objects from names .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
creates a service client , taking parsed _ globals into account
processes http headers from a supplied response that match the x - image - meta and x - image - meta - property and returns a mapping of image metadata and properties
check if a package is installed .
return a path relative to colas / usr / share / directory
validates an application by checking if it contains certain characters .
returns the estimated number of syllables in the word by counting vowel - groups .
compute a multidimensional binned statistic for a set of data .
because this module is not specific to any cloud providers , there will be no nodes to list .
return true if the file is linkable .
join a locale specifier split in the format returned by split _ locale .
make sure the given path was loaded from the webserver .
checks if two hash strings are identical .
kurtosis of the tukey lambda distribution .
iterator yielding all immediately available items in a
main function of sqlmap when running from command line .
prints fits header ( s ) in a machine - readable table format .
return true if the character should be escaped with header quopri .
generate coordinates of pixels within circle .
associate an identifier function with a specific data type .
generate coverage reports for bok - choy or a11y tests
compiles all the views in the application specified by folder
return 2d dataset of points in where points in a circle of radius . 4 around the center are blue and all the others are red .
extract the first section of the changelog .
returns a tuple , with the tvdb numbering for
get a frontend url for an object .
construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm .
a function to connect to a zenoss server and add a new device entry .
returns the current git commit hash .
get backend class by name / alias
list stat objects directly below the given path , relative to the projecttree .
helper method for getting branches
minimize a linear objective function subject to linear equality and inequality constraints .
adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
get the arguments , default values , and argument descriptions for a function .
convert path relative to : confval : local / media _ dir to directory uri .
return the details of a group .
stop tuning the current step method
compute a bivariate kde using statsmodels .
project resource headers - used in project & budget modules
takes a poi and the return value of a filter function for it and creates a marker dict depending on the type of the returned value .
returns a formatted mapping file with replicated sample ids .
compute the median of the absolute deviations from the median
returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . template . loader . render _ to _ string ( ) with the passed arguments .
support pre - beryllium config schema
syncs ldap user information .
returns a pair .
compute the size of a varint value .
create a new folder inside the one received as a param .
disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . attach ( ) statements , via context . noptrace .
wrapper around djangos version , while supplying our configured encoding .
examine each item in the task to see if we can extract a title from the filename .
get subject id from inverse operator .
uses symbols and function for functions of time .
return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks .
helper method for _ ls _ task _ logs ( ) and _ ls _ spark _ task _ logs ( ) .
display a dialog asking the user for select a folder .
functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
returns a tasks output as a string
takes an exception name , like :
tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
tries to convert v to an integer .
get the dictionary string .
given a list - turn it into a string that represents that list .
get addresses of the server if were using settings . proxy _ port
this is run when plugins have been loaded or unloaded and allows us to run any specific code to ensure that the new plugin setting are correctly setup
decide what method to use for paging through text .
test deletion of dhcp options with vpc
called from zzz _ 1st _ run . py
ensure rds instance is absent .
validate a cookie value string .
elementwise cos function .
returns http headers .
return the table contents html for the given readout and mode .
plot the kernal density estimate of the bootstrap distribution .
create a new figure manager instance
given a boolean or none , return the original value or a fallback .
return the text by shifting the characters of msg to the left by the amount given by key .
releases a virtual network lease that was previously on hold .
print out a text representation of a code object .
translatable texts get categorized into different pot files to help translators prioritize .
load and return the songs dataset with 49 ratings .
update a tables metadata .
find the horizontal edges of an image using the prewitt transform .
attach a block storage volume name
set custom selection by lasso selector .
parse authentication credentials .
render template for a capa inputtype .
returns a free tcp port on host .
logs a status msg , starts a spinner , and returns the spinner object .
fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test .
get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
define what name the api uses , the short or the gl version .
renders a list of comments of a specified type .
dom utility routine for getting contents of text nodes
similar to obj _ python _ attrs ( ) but deals with python reserved keywords
get the names of all the plugins that are available on the system .
add formulae for the function - > meijerg lookup table .
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
list available plugins .
return a condition testing whether * val * is a nan .
parse and store the user config settings in electrum . conf into user _ config [ ] .
compute average precision from prediction scores
get the mysensors notification service .
return a list of locations
returns the account for the given party .
detects image properties in the file .
create a snapper pre snapshot
start processing pipeline tasks .
parses bits for template tag helpers , in particular by detecting syntax errors and by extracting positional and keyword arguments .
generates a ball - shaped structuring element .
given a test , return the flaky annotation object .
create a libcloudprovisioner for provisioning nodes on rackspace .
generate a tree as a list of list .
convert integer in n from network - byte order to host - byte order .
remove list from the dictionary .
this is my original version based on greene and references keep for now for comparison and benchmarking
handle the command line arguments for spinning up bees
creates a scenario for a stack of actions
this takes a given filename ; tries to find it in the environment path ; then checks if it is executable .
format the individual lines
list the keys available
register this app with growl
given a list of tuples of new data we get for each sid on each critical date , create a dataframe that fills that data through a date range ending at end _ date .
generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes .
inspect the status of an image and return relative data .
removes an external network gateway from the specified router
copies the sortoptions into the searchparams proto buf .
claim a worker entry for cleanup .
write a catalog to the specified file - like object using the gnu mo file format .
if x represents a value that can be assigned to , return none .
create a pseudocolor plot of an unstructured triangular grid .
create a qfont from tuple :
context manager to capture stderr .
test the behavior of - - editable - - uptodate - - format = columns flag in the list command
returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to specific content groups .
takes a file or dir as input and places the html in the outdir .
reset the template cache
generator to walk the data dirs in a round robin manner , evenly hitting each device on the system , and yielding any . db files found .
dump the private key * pkey * into a buffer string encoded with the type type * .
return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder .
write a noise covariance matrix .
returns a format string , to be used to build an incrontab command .
search for fonts in the specified font directory , or use the system directories if none given .
t - sne objective function : gradient of the kl divergence of p _ ijs and q _ ijs and the absolute error .
process pygame events for the window .
print a single field value .
problem group rest controller
return formatted information in a pretty way .
get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved
t loglikelihood given observations and mean mu and variance sigma2 = 1
reread and update supervisor job configurations .
create a new instance type .
returns a command with checksums places in the proper locations
kegg info - displays the current statistics of a given database .
allocates a new template in opennebula .
jahnke - emden lambda function , lambdav ( x ) .
html version of order _ totals .
return _ _ doc _ _ of the given object as unicode
write analyze output .
extension header decorator
get the all the lines of text of a text .
smart way of turning object into an apply
performs ipv6 upper layer checksum computation .
return the message classes for a message
looks to see if vmadm is present on the system
option value converter for a boolean .
log statistics of ormcache usage by database , model , and method .
locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name , or the users path , or a supplied path .
calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible
when given a single existing key but the value is an empty list , require ( ) aborts
unreviewed / featuredaddon flag heading .
you can access a message by id in our apis that either : ( 1 ) you received or have previously accessed via starring .
generate a string of random bytes .
creates a new suggestionmodel and the corresponding feedbackthreadmodel domain object .
send a message to a pushover user or group .
load an image
returns true if there are any whitespace characters in the string
returns the result of subtracting from every value in a the mean value of its column .
encode header byte 2
return the path to the solc compiler .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
pre - ooxml office formats are ole compound files which all use the same file signature and should have a subheader at offset 512 .
gets query parameters for creating a signed url .
retrieve the names of resources whose quotas are calculated on a per - project rather than a per - user basis .
check that the given file does not exist and can be opened for writing .
stop a vm in dimensiondata .
convert a description string into a list of positional and keyword parameters , using logic vaguely like what python does .
constant extension at the boundaries of an array
load certificate - authority certificate objects in a given directory .
get a data structure representing the configured indexes .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
runs a command on a given machine .
return an existing ca bundle path , or none
creates a png of a persona header / footer image .
converts between supported date formats .
decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
determines c { obj } is a valid xml type .
returns a list of versioned fields for a resource .
backward - find primes smaller than target .
get a reference to a vmware customization spec for the purposes of customizing a clone si
helper function that creates a schema definition where each key from keys is validated against not _ missing .
get a fresh authentication token .
return names of all free variables in a parsed ast .
returns a responsestruct of the request layer .
run code for process object if this in not the main process
connect using the safest available options .
translates all translatable elements of the given exception .
executes many instances of a strategy in parallel and finds the parameters that yield the best results .
this function is called after either receiving an object off of the wire or after receiving one as ackdata .
split words in pascalcase string into separate words .
view that allow a user to add a password to its account or change it .
execute a python script in the given namespaces .
sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded , returning true if the level was recorded successfully .
when using ah , all " mutable " fields must be " zeroed " before calculating the icv .
returns all of the neighbors of a node in the graph .
clones an existing virtual machine template .
buffer - > encoding _ name
connect to the specified server .
this function defines a glyph inline role that show a glyph icon from the twitter bootstrap framework
when given a provided _ by iterable value , require ( ) aborts
calculate the md5sum for a file .
a with - context for tar files .
given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb .
computes representation matrices for an image .
return true if file contains the specified egrep pattern
import a module just like the import statement .
get a user protobuf for a specific user .
equivalent of textwrap . dedent that ignores unindented first line .
get the ecobee notification service .
function that return the limit of a input sql
block state execution until you are able to get the lock
step 1b handles - ed and - ing suffixes .
check a regexp value by trying to compile it return the compiled regexp
instruments the given method on the given object to verify the number of calls to the method is less than or equal to the expected maximum _ calls and greater than or equal to the expected minimum _ calls .
read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue .
build a network using the given parameters .
format an rfc - 2822 compliant date string .
create a quota for the given project and resource .
generate filename based on thumbnail alias name .
recursively destroy and delete a virtual machine , pass true for dirs to also delete the directories containing the virtual machine disk images -
lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations : assumes currently that the first column is integer .
test that on _ next _ prev _ item moves the selection properly .
convert a simple " shorthand " python value to a template .
predicate to determine whether an item from the queue is the signal to stop
finds the difference between the datetime value given and now ( ) and returns appropriate humanize form
a preprocessor that coerces integral floats to ints .
enforce use of assertis / assertisnot .
get all volumes belonging to a host .
uses the bi convention : 1024 b = 1 kb since this method primarily has inputs of bytes for ram
extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way .
returns the quotient graph of g under the specified equivalence relation on nodes .
returns an iterator over the lines in the file at the given path , strippping comments and decoding each line to unicode .
map domain into window by shifting and scaling .
return a set of ip addrs the current host is connected to on given port
convert strings to numbers
test that polynomial models can be instantiated with constraints , but no parameters specified .
rewrite response cookie strings domain to my _ host _ name
assert that a http serving a response with body b " hi " is running at given host and port .
returns the securitygroupid
use pollards p - 1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n .
show multiple tfrs on topo using a single axes .
return an iterator yielding the parts of a split string .
converts a datetime value to the corresponding rfc - 1123 string .
internet gateway fail to detach unattached
returns a list of edges for a 3d image .
promotes a scalar operator to the given size .
color difference as given by the ciede 2000 standard .
require the user to change their password the next time they log in .
parses fasta file using screed to create a sorted list of contig lengths .
reduces a polynomial f modulo a set of polynomials g .
create main figure and axes layout used by plot _ ica _ properties .
returns a media _ object for rendering a media preview image
gets an smtp connection using our optionsstore
generate a random number in the range [ 0 , 2 * * bits ) .
return an : class : qpainterpath of a plain looking arrow .
helper for parallelization of grow _ labels .
print to screen what file is being opened and then open the file using the command method provided .
browse for instances of a service .
decorator to make a view compressed
provide a string that is a well formatted curl command to head an object on a storage node .
a simple sort function to sort the values of a list using the second item of each item .
find annotation information for generated element .
decide if the given router needs an update .
parse vcpu _ pin _ set config .
add column of ones to input panel
this method was ported from the work done by gm arts , on top of the algorithm by claus tondering , which was based in part on the algorithm of ouding , as quoted in " explanatory supplement to the astronomical
given a filename , do whatever possible to return a module object matching that file .
the input polynomials f , g are in z [ x ] or in q [ x ] .
stop all workers .
rollback server configuration changes made during install .
produce a human - consumable text description of object , usually involving a python dotted name .
manipulate the provided schema so none is also an allowed value for each attribute which defines a default value of none .
return kernel _ modules information from osquery
update the specified job with the given configuration .
return where ns is always non - negative and t = s + us / 10e5
get limited parameter from request .
get equated geometryoutput .
rewrite a polynomial in terms of elementary symmetric polynomials .
simple moving average
read 20 units at a time
creates a default instance of a basic non - relational field .
a function to set the prod _ state in zenoss .
returns a getresponse constructed from get _ indexes response pb .
formstyle for bootstrap 2 . x themes : URL
return a formatted string version of a time object .
take a single list of tuples and yield one such list for each line .
computes the fidelity [ 1 ] _ between two quantum states
get pillar cache directory .
a view that redirects all requests to the get view
parse an expression and return its parse tree .
returns a specialized structproxy subclass for the given fe _ type .
a dummy view for testing that returns a simple http response
code that runs at the end of each request
find operators to convert g - function fro into g - function to .
checks whether user can translate given translation .
a wrapper around django . core . mail . emailmessage .
create local s3 image represented by provided uuid .
info path is a string
get paths by keys .
calculates the histogram of the given image .
returns true if group _ id _ or _ name is effective group .
return * true * if one element of * seq * is * true * .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
act like permission _ required _ or _ 403 but also grant permission to owners .
converts the module - level def methods into cdef methods , i . e .
jacobian of f wrt v
return a string representing time in seconds since epoch , t .
frequency scaling of the harmonics of a sound hfreq , hmag : frequencies and magnitudes of input harmonics freqscaling : scaling factors , in time - value pairs freqstretching : stretching factors , in time - value pairs timbrepreservation : 0 no timbre preservation , 1 timbre preservation fs : sampling rate of input sound returns yhfreq , yhmag : frequencies and magnitudes of output harmonics
get the call line from within a function .
manage ip list for smtp connections .
retrieves the metadata for a deprecated option , if key is deprecated .
check that the x509 version is correct .
determine if the tetragrid is none or if it is the identity tetragrid .
try to convert an ssl _ options dictionary to an ~ ssl . sslcontext object .
get cart or create if necessary .
detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body .
computes the russell - rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1 - d arrays .
replace whitespace at offset and return fixed line .
notification on parse error .
sets the color of sys . stdout to print _ color .
src is the source directory .
test estimation from raw with triggers .
sets up local metadata ip .
same as build _ alert _ hooks , but accepts a path to a patterns file and automatically finds the corresponding site overrides file if one exists .
return data to a influxdb data store
returns the score values from the courseware student module , via
solve a standard eigenvalue problem .
set function argument types and return types for an objc library .
get books for the specified query
save old state to instance and setup path
returns integration controller module from app _ name . integrations . { service }
hilbert transform - phasor components
starts a celery . chord that runs stat _ addon for each complete addon attached to the node , then runs # archive _ node with the result
movie neighbor based classifier
show the details of an existing load - balancer .
return unmatched part of re . match object .
determines if the user has permission to do a certain action .
whether path is a directory , to which the user has write access .
list secret keys in gpg keychain user
returns a django response to the webob _ response
a unicode - safe urlencoder .
computes numerical gradient by finite differences .
get the most appropriate download url for the bootstrap script .
return version of pysqlite
do logging setup :
start profiling and register callback to print stats when the program exits .
lists a vlan and switch binding
returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int .
settings for linking extensions against bundled libzmq
adds the list of aaq languages to the context .
destroy a vm
returns line to use for fasta / qual output label sample _ id : enumerated sampleid fasta _ label : original fasta label bc : original barcode sequence corrected _ barcode : corrected barcode sequence num _ errors : number of errors / mismatches in barcode sequence
create or find the singleton searchdialog instance .
given a stream of bytes or text , if any of the items in the stream are bytes convert them to text .
load all or part of file tensorfile f into a numpy ndarray
like send _ catch _ log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
convenience wrapper for converting an xml string to an xmlelement .
split rules with combined grants into individual rules .
if template is a valid template engine , process the cmd and cwd through that engine .
run a scheduled task and return when the task finishes
returns the kind of the entity .
copy a files modification times .
execute an arbitrary action on a module .
delete the host with the given mac or name .
removes single external identity from user
create a consistencygroup from the values dictionary .
read digitizer data from a text file .
creates a recordsensor region that allows us to specify a file record stream as the input source .
attribute this users registration to the referring affiliate , if applicable .
calls an assertion _ expression repeatedly , until the assertion passes or a timeout is reached .
write maxfilter processing record to file .
try to load a valid json module .
escape the characters in label which need it .
clear the space where the menu resides
creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout .
converts list of tuples to dictionary with duplicate keys converted to lists .
check if subnet is an auto address subnet .
create user accounts
compute chi - squared stats between each non - negative feature and class .
read markdown code from a file and write it to a file or a stream .
convert a timestamp protobuf to an rfc 3339 string .
convert a thrift structure to a json compatible dictionary by recursing over the dictionary .
stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection .
create a new : class : greenlet . greenlet object and schedule it to run function .
various information query via command line .
a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction .
get geometry output by manipulationfunction .
update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
actually perform the flagging of a comment from a request .
connect to anidb
return a compound class .
helper to return list of usage plan items matching the given attribute value .
return a count of the number of running sessions
helper method that creates a cluster with up and down services .
retrieve full set of values from a boto3 api call that may truncate its results , yielding each page as it is obtained .
return a list of all services that are enabled .
returns the name of the type of the given property value , as a string .
hash of numbers
run par2 on par - set
ensure a set of dhcp options with the given settings exist .
generate charset for cyclic pattern
this returns a dict with a set of tasks for all of the other workers
creates a new user and authenticates
setup a hyperion server remote .
returns the clique number of the graph .
fast illumina 1 . 3 + fastq to qual conversion .
looks at all outputs defined by indices out _ idxs and see whom can be removed from the scan op without affecting the rest .
uses rar for linux _ to unpack rar files . .
sanity check entries .
try to import the site specific module if it exists .
returns the module or none , if it fails .
parse androids shared preference xml
create a sha1 - digest string of a session identifier and password .
removes user account .
lists the previous versions of a directory backed up using salts : ref : file state backup system .
load plugins by usingsphinx _ themes section in setuptools entry _ points .
traverse an expression and locate binary criterion pairs .
returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
return a status of dependencies
iterate over all python files and yield filenames .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
save the load to the specified jid id
make the code at revision active .
add noise to the given input .
implementation of the edmonds - karp algorithm .
validate that the provided resource database object doesnt belong to a system level pack .
directly call a function inside a loader directory
return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
move entries in the correct file .
get order source with some testing data .
checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero .
offset by 0 . 5 for an even array .
convert a iso8601 date string to native datetime date
given a list of pathnames , returns the longest common leading component
parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
verify a hmac - sha1 signature .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
contacts indexer to check for information on shows by showid
converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table .
create a pre - trained model from model store
returns true if and only if the currently logged in user is an admin / teacher .
locate the repository directory from a template reference .
returns the number of words .
procnettcp main loop
returns a signed receipt .
returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
returns an integerfield , applying the db . integerproperty range limits .
main uploader view
return the vms size .
computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array .
apply any overrides that have been set at the command line .
get the accessible attribute .
generates a networkx . digraph from shapefiles .
correct compare _ alpha _ diversities for multiple comps based on method .
generate the salt - thin tarball and print the location of the tarball
parse multipart input .
if all the filenames in the item / filename mapping match the pattern , return a dictionary mapping the items to dictionaries giving the value for each named subpattern in the match .
url endpoint to present a survey that is associated with a course _ id
repr ( ) a dictionary with the keys in order .
open a file from the openerp root , using a subdir folder .
get the event manager from which the media player send event .
prompts the user for a " yes " or " no " response .
gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor .
does eval both in sage and sympy and does other checks .
return a list of . py and . pyw files from a given directory .
reboot a domain via acpi request
a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened .
logical _ or _ expression : logical _ or _ expression lor logical _ and _ expression
predict with a scikit learn model
testing the colorful output of success with table
convert a tuple into a range but pass ranges through silently .
test a baked query of the full entity .
test creating a figure
return if libnvvm is available
render a html tag
initialize failure object , possibly spawning pdb .
prints a message to the std err stream defined in util .
create a _ _ init _ _ . py file in the folder received .
make sure we always have a user object , regardless of exceptions during authentication .
main command line entry point .
visualize the results of profiling in a bokeh plot .
assumes tool shed is current tool shed since repository dependencies across tool sheds is not yet supported .
get saml provider document .
check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e - 8 relative tolerance or 1e - 8 absolute tolerance .
function decorator that looks for an argument named " default _ args " , and fills the unspecified arguments from it .
returns whether the given block could impact grading ( i . e .
determine if the enterprisecustomer for a given http request requests data sharing consent
checks if a shipment item is in a request and updates req _ item and the shipment .
url encodes the parameters .
takes a command object to be passed to subprocess . popen .
returns dispay _ name and url for the parent module .
removes a theme
walk the syntax tree
wrap integer literals with integer .
run a command
unfollow a user
create temporary subs _ somevalue . srt . sjson file .
generate a data - structure that represents the current configuration model .
take a string and expand windows user environment variables based .
given an html string , move any or tags inside of any block - level elements , e . g . transform word to word
object delete handler
cgconfig control by action .
setup the verisure component .
return a list of proportions of the available space given the division if only a number is given , it will assume a split in two pieces
provides the total physical memory on the system in bytes .
return the most recent post in the given set , excluding the given post .
evaluates the floor of an interval
returns the text value for the first selected option within a select .
take a privileges string , typically passed as a parameter , and unserialize it into a dictionary , the same format as privileges _ get ( ) above .
returns a new theano matrix .
returns the expression as a string .
simple bincount version , again group : array , integer assumed to be consecutive integers no dtype checking because i want to raise in that case uses loop over columns of x for comparison , simple python loop
pickles and base64encodes its argument chops
this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training .
compute the hankel transform of f , defined as . .
convert codec template mapping to byte order
this dependency check function uses the information stored in the platforms module to call the function in core . controllers . dependency _ check which actually checks for the dependencies .
return the grains set in the grains file
formats unit to translation service result .
enable or disable an esxi firewall rule set .
run tests from a unittest . testcase - derived class .
load the value of a variable in a python file .
enable termination protection on a node
undo the effects of quote ( ) .
set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case .
run the shell command cmd in a separate process , piping stdout to out _ log and stderr to err _ log .
set your default weather location .
returns the least common integral multiple of a list of numbers .
display master link for the alternative . .
attempt to convert arbitrary string to datetime object date _ string
when a purchase is complete checks paypal that the purchase has gone through .
return a list of vms on opennebula .
return a list of all updates that have been downloaded locally .
return an object by name , if name is none the first found object is returned
disable the service .
check if variable is a user - provided graph input .
separates variables in an expression , if possible .
list directory root appending the path separator to subdirs .
annotate the tree with child _ indent annotations .
wrap request handler methods with this decorator to require that the user be logged in .
helper function until we have bio . phylo on trunk .
send email to maximum max _ recipients qualified users .
flag method as a long running job .
start the specified service
replaces ampersands with & entities .
checking the oplog time - the time of the log currntly saved in the oplog collection defaults : critical 4 hours warning 24 hours those can be changed as usual with - c and - w parameters
ensure storage pool is absent on the system name : string name of storage pool export : boolean export instread of destroy the zpool if present force : boolean force destroy or export
export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
vectorized version of multinomial _ logpmf .
strips control characters from a string .
disable jquery animations .
enhanced histogram function , providing adaptive binnings
removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
generate bumper metadata .
exact matching of ip addresses .
external wrapper function
the infinitesimal functions of an ordinary differential equation , xi and eta , are the infinitesimals of the lie group of point transformations for which the differential equation is invariant .
log out the user
a decorator that facilitates authentication per method .
a simple hook function for : func : put _ hook that runs ipdb .
get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets .
generator to create slices containing batch _ size elements , from 0 to n .
remove any old snapshots to minimize disk space usage locally .
get the citing articles .
return information for a given repo .
begin sending the contents of this l { file } to the given request .
get account stats .
find the least - squares solution to a large , sparse , linear system of equations .
system information type 3 section 9 . 1 . 35
adds items from extra _ context dict to context .
replace rhs items by letrefnodes if they appear more than once .
return map of all anchor names to their offsets in the html
lists ports from csf . conf based on direction and protocol .
inverts a real - valued function .
evaluate the residual sum of squares fit for one set of mu values .
given a request , looks at get and post values to determine which params should be added .
return details about all elasticache cache clusters .
formats a date as the time since that date
join a sequence of record arrays on single column key .
return activation function by name
get new repository .
merge two consecutive lookup transforms into one .
removes ntp servers configured on the device .
imports csv data using a series of http posts .
returns a list of for all registered help files
returns a normalized locale code for the given locale name .
helper function to get account currency
ensure that the named user is absent name
replace all spans of whitespace with a single space character .
returns the content as a unicode string from the given . docx file .
parser for map file that relates samples to metadata .
cm service abort section 9 . 2 . 7
list of tuples for suggested navigation through the file .
bracket the minimum of the function .
load collectors that were installed into an entry _ point .
get complex from prefixes and xml element .
replace the c { old } version number with the c { new } one in the given
creates a random numeric string of specified length .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 .
get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to
knowledge folder edit page
create a connection to python sdk , from task auth parameter .
get the font reader for the fontfamily .
group add view for route
build an assignment statement
return stacktrace of all active threads .
return the number of a pre - release .
standard deviation of a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist .
disconnect from all currently connected servers .
simultaneous horizontal random flip .
get the value of chost variable in the make . conf
generates a number thats uniformly distributed in the log - space between low and high
builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter - s service _ host _ name _ or _ ip - o optional _ port _ number - u required _ user - p optional _ password
create synthetic stim channel from multiple trigger channels .
returns a pair with expressions numerator and denominator .
register formatter class with given name .
send e - mail when a review request is published .
tested on freebsd , quite likely other bsds only need small changes in cmd syntax
read and discard any bytes from file _ like .
show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input : im1 , im2 , locs1 , locs2 , matchscores , show _ below .
return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting .
this function handles sin and cos of complex arguments .
checks if we can connect to a host with a known key .
receive a single client request on sock and send the answer .
return a deferred built by chaining the given callbacks and errbacks
accepts a url , downloads and optionally caches the result returning the filename , with a name determined by the files md5 hash .
this makes a converter from markdown - extra to markdown , stripping the attributes from extra .
returns current threads local data
dynamic imaging of coherent sources .
take as input a list of dns names or a single dns name and encode it in dns format
returns a decoder for a double field .
skip test if predicate is : const : true .
given a string as normally seen on the " categorized " page of a person on the imdbs web site , returns a movie instance .
retrieve target host .
print only the keys for an item .
creates the basic auth value to be used in an authorization header .
destroy a node .
replaces instances like limit m , n with limit n offset m
returns an active redis client generated from the given database url .
plot one or more survivor functions .
returns your text , enclosed in ansi graphics codes .
return the name of file or a description .
does this configuration mean were neutron .
return the set of all pull requests that were merged between the start _ ref and end _ ref .
returns total number of link , comment , and user gildings
determines if a given datetime . datetime is naive .
equality _ expression : equality _ expression ne relational _ expression
resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt .
image data resource factory method
be the top - level entrypoint .
inherid sgid from parent
looks up a property .
try to get a string , but return a string no matter what
context manager which adds task information to log messages .
touch function like touch in unix shell
return mime - type with the highest quality ( q ) from list of candidates .
initializes the comparison feature .
get nodes from graph g with indegree 0
enable console output , suppress _ stdout is recommended .
add xml from loop .
ensure beacon is absent .
return hdata & summary vdata for all countries - used only by the initial map load
returns dict with gif informations from the api .
filter sample ids based on subjects coverage of a category .
removes all roles from a user on a tenant , removing them from it .
calls get _ all _ stats and sends the deployment monitoring stats to the
make speaker image filename for export
find challenge path with server hints .
called from digits . dataset . views . datasets _ show ( )
returns the indefinite article for a given word .
return the unicode representation of s .
method to get permalink ids from content .
get relationship between two users .
return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple .
return events to elasticsearch
decorator for classes that mirror some attributes from an instance variable .
run command with arguments .
left join left and right on values of left / right _ vars .
check if the packet is an ack
setup logging for headphones .
convert gregorian float of the date , preserving hours , minutes , seconds and microseconds .
old default eden form style - still used by ifrc
return a list of minion data from the cloud cache , rather from the cloud providers themselves .
insert site dir or virtualenv at a given index in sys . path .
return the container root directory .
return the user model that is active in this project
returns seqrecord objects from a phd file .
purge ceph configuration on the node
create new wsgiapplication and register all handlers .
convert an internal id to a glance id .
check if options . ignore contains a prefix of the error code .
perform a split by : on the config _ string without splitting on the start of windows path
frequency - swept cosine generator .
creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class , and launches the experiment logic in run ( ) .
build asynctestcase class that runs the tests in the mixin class with real queries over a unix socket .
parses a string , replace ansi markup with html
returns the element at index after moving it to the beginning of the queue .
draw a rimmed box on the given surface .
internet gateway filter by attachment state
compute latent variable models .
return whether the argument is an ip address .
computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y
run all jobs that are scheduled to run .
updates a uri with new query parameters .
list currently configured reactors
you can use the kwargs to override : retries use _ account - which users token to pass url _ account - which users storage url resource ( default : url [ url _ account ] - url to connect to ; retry ( ) will interpolate the variable : storage _ url : if present service _ user - add a service token from this user
ensure that the search form is available site wide
registers a review ui class .
does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
return list of disk devices
return a dict of environment proxies .
locate the pip binary , either from bin _ env as a virtualenv , as the executable itself , or from searching conventional filesystem locations
load public and secret key from a zmq certificate .
this function performs search dorking , parses results and saves the testable hosts into the knowledge base .
get the archivable object and add it to the parent object .
generate a random mac address .
get the value as a float .
extract text from the ontonotes web documents .
return a string representing the default user agent .
loads a doclist for a given document .
merges dictionary b into a
make a list of datasets private
updates preferred _ site _ language _ code of user with given user _ id .
get the md5 checksum of a file from a container
load the extension in ipython .
filters a list of pages so that only those remain that are either :
return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform .
recursively find all tables which depend on the given tables .
save the given revisionform and send notifications .
view function for email conference submission .
test whether given name is a device or a partition , using sysfs .
return true if the version is believed to be a beta version .
converts an initialization into a nested list
return a function that generates the toolbar tokens .
calculate mean update and a youngs and cramer variance update .
starts a dnsmasq server for a given network .
return the reverse directed graph of g .
compute a maximum - weighted matching of g .
return the selected inferior in gdb .
parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds .
load an email backend and return an instance of it .
checks a function that returns a geometry .
connect hosts to root namespace via switch .
factor polynomials into irreducibles in k [ x ] .
returns the harrell - davis estimate of the median along the given axis .
this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
extract a bitstring / bytestring from a string of binary digits , and return its numeric value .
get a list of files possibly containing media in a path
connect to set of network devices using napalm ; print out the facts .
returns an object referenced by absolute path .
check for docstring not start with space .
apply the rule that matches the condition , else none
gets all inline types .
main entry point for module execution
optionally import package name .
this function makes sure that all the views that should exist in the design document do exist .
return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options .
checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way .
returns the path to the parent directory of the script that calls pd ( ) + given relative path .
check two seqfeatures agree .
parse a query given as a string argument .
returns a key whose value in dictionary is element or , if none exists , none .
returns add - object with contracted terms .
escape all non - alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
returns a class which can be used like base , but automatically stores schema version when tables are created .
update the location tree for a feature - will normally be done asynchronously if there is a worker alive
insert a point into a loop , at the index at which the loop would be shortest .
read in all of our configuration , and initialize the loopback switch .
converts the declaration into a nested list .
compute the preconditioner m
convert a string of multiple ranges to a set .
load a trflp file and returns a header and data lists
convert latex source into sequence of single - token substrings .
create upload url for post form .
initialize logging to a specified file .
get the childnodes which have the given local name .
returns tuple ( gpu ptr size , cpu ptr size , int sizes ) .
rebuild app for versions 3 . 1 + .
refresh an existing lock by re - writing the file containing the owners unique id , using a new id , which is also returned .
rename a device .
restful crud controller
helper function : computes argmax along last dimension of array to obtain labels
tz _ localize the first level of a multiindexed dataframe to utc .
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
the page _ lookup argument can be of any of the following types : - integer : interpreted as pk of the desired page - string : interpreted as reverse _ id of the desired page - dict : a dictionary containing keyword arguments to find the desired page - page : you can also pass a page object directly , in which case there will be no database lookup .
make a copy of a matrix with elements above the k - th diagonal zeroed .
uses nfd to normalize unicode strings .
safely join directory and filename .
attempt to safely reconnect when an error is hit that resembles the bouncer disconnecting the client due to a timeout / etc during a cursor execution .
makes a message and storenonempty node for a xontrib .
return the gitconfig singleton .
return all qos specs for given volume type .
checks whether user can view reports on given project .
returns the content - type , image size , height and width of an image without fully downloading it .
read a python file , using the encoding declared inside the file .
returns source of the template file
decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
create a new file id tag .
store one or more entities in the datastore .
test if leaves contain at least min _ weight _ fraction _ leaf of the training set
generates data for a normal probability plot .
returns true if already tapped .
decode bson data to multiple documents .
only work on mac os
set the video scaling factor .
adds implementations of all message methods to cls .
in kb according to URL
get enumerator keys .
get all the element in a list table .
stop a vm in linode .
return information about the current linux distribution as a tuple with items as follows : id _ name : if * full _ distribution _ name * is false , the result of
generate a description text for the pingback .
return an expression for the hessian times a vector .
returns whether a string contains sphinx - style rest markup .
build a set of color attributes in a class .
generate the module arguments for the shim data
returns list of host keys .
resizes the filesystem .
check that the given service is available .
given an open file , read and parse it like an ini file .
checks if an undefined - step snippet section is in behave command output .
return a numpy masked array where all non - positive values are masked .
match a given key and value against an attribute list .
get command line args from the user .
find surface from already - loaded bem .
dummy index page
main section of the script .
returns true if the game is active .
add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to " url " will return an http response containing the json - formatted " response _ dict " .
pad all given list items in lists to be the same length .
a " left join " operation on sorted iterators
returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset .
colour image of the astronaut eileen collins .
list items belonging to an api call .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
return the relevant price for a given basket line .
compute joint probabilities p _ ij from distances .
combine two lists into a single list .
a helper function for the _ expm _ multiply _ * functions .
start the specified service
sum of gx over dimensions to reproduce x . broadcastable .
get traffic for a promoted link or promocampaign
bind the socket to a free port and return the port number .
returns the expected user message for an invalid key .
list versions of a policy .
destroy a machine by name
compile the string table for a workbook .
wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
query es to get a list of indexes that actually exist .
fetches a list of all networks for a tenant
logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request .
enable rdp the service on the server
merge all attributes and metadata from i { a } to i { b } .
creates a model .
shortens a string to a repeatable mangled version with the given length .
straightforward evaluation of 2d piecewise polynomial
read string from a binary file in a python version compatible way .
verifies that the object has an attribute with the given name .
returns a list of dicts , each representing a suggestion for improvement to a particular state .
the dbapis api inserting rows in bulk .
takes a language , and a set of word tokens .
list tags of a trail
return the total degree of m .
allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
creates session with track ids and stuff
returns a group join confirmation page .
return the coordinates of the profile of an image along a scan line .
convenience function that instantiates an ftplistdataparser object and passes ftp _ list _ line to the objects parse _ line ( ) method , returning the result .
add a querymanager for a specific timeframe .
construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
basic edit distance between two strings , ignoring non - alphanumeric characters and case .
return the last access time of a file , reported by os . stat ( ) .
give the shape resulting from summing a list of shapes .
write a compressed file to path .
get the first z which is not in the zone table .
returns true if given ip is within specified subnet , otherwise false .
write points to text file .
add question askers to a surveygizmo campaign to get surveyed .
returns current site domain .
get the size of the terminal window .
get the current hibernate timeout of the given scheme
convert images to the correct color space .
determine which pickle api module to use .
resize a window and wait until it has the correct size .
generate code to perform softmax with a fixed amount of shared memory .
inner loop of lasso _ stability _ path
list containers classified by state extra
attempt to execute non - shared storage " all " migration
check whether we should break here because of b . funcname .
generic rss link for this url
fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content .
relative precision in physical _ constants indexed by key
accept keys based on a glob match .
useful for getting members from types > > > [ _ for _ in getpublictypemembers ] [ linux , windows ]
notify fault manager that resource has been replaced fmri : string fmri
save the list of recently accessed schemes
returns an individual that does the best on the fitness cases when considered one at a time in random order .
return the elements of o _ vals that correspond to trials whose losses were above gamma , or below gamma .
return password database entry for name .
about the simplest problem you could ask for : optimize a one - variable quadratic function .
verify that the given module is set to the given target name
returns whether the database has been updated with the expected new score values for the given problem and user .
given the dictionary mapping chunk coordinates their mtimes , returns a dict mapping the tiles that are to be rendered to their mtimes that are expected .
perform a one - time generation of a hash and write it to the local grains .
returns the encoding type that matches pythons native strings .
when given some data and an rsa private key , decrypt the data
test maxwell filter shielding factor using empty room .
simple method to count the repetitions of elements in an array
create invalid dhcp options
setup mqtt sensor .
generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a
returns a new datasheet with rows for columns and columns for rows .
tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced .
we convert utctz to the timezone in seconds , it is the format time . altzone returns .
helper method to get the national - number part of a number , formatted without any national prefix , and return it as a set of digit blocks that would be formatted together .
function for plotting images .
iterate over keyboard shortcuts
create an empty epub document , with a default skeleton .
convert a multinomial form into an expression .
return a twitter username given @ or http ( s ) strings .
add indices to the db .
retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
initialize whatever the last config file is with defaults
convert headshape points to neuromag .
set system rc configuration variables
restful crud controller for rss channels - appears in the administration menu
convert cartesian coordinates to polar
provides lines of a file starting with the end .
extract timestamp from hbase tuple record .
create a block device dict based on the image _ ref .
fixture that resets the internal state of the cache result backend .
move scheduled job to another minion or minions .
delete the cookie by setting the expiration to a date in the past , while maintaining the domain , secure , and httponly settings .
runs a validation method on an attribute value to be set or appended .
this function applies a gaussian mutation of mean * mu * and standard deviation * sigma * on the input individual .
build a selectfield whose options are the sections of the current in - memory toolbox .
if the executable given isnt an absolute path , search $ path for the interpreter
create a unique id for a schedule item in config .
dump a private key to a buffer
given the service instance si and tasks , it returns after all the tasks are complete
generate a dataset with number _ items elements .
view function for executing an arbitrary query .
restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data
get the registry of a window .
show info about cubes extensions
create a global shell instance to use in all the test .
ensure that the user is present with the specified properties name
a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
load the configuration from a working directory and a list of configuration files .
check if a given header is set correctly .
add a site to database , create directory tree
makes qual file from sff file .
command : for id equals expr to expr step error
move up or down the stack
compute the subspace correlation .
delete a rule from the set of rules that will be added to the default security group for new tenants .
returns false if the given urlerror may be from a transient failure .
a function used instead of " print " for debugging output .
create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it .
create database for june .
removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it .
see if this class has " canned " roles based on a known collection type .
sends notification through aws sns .
return a representation of the given output template .
return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model .
modify the alphas of the color list according to depth
write a log message , if there is a log file .
get gear profile for an annulus gear .
given a request , raise response or return participant .
add faces from loops .
decorator which mark test critical .
renders a form field like a django - crispy - forms field : : { % load crispy _ forms _ tags % } { { form . field | as _ crispy _ field } } or : : { { form . field | as _ crispy _ field : " bootstrap " } }
check if the args of pool are constants .
replaces a randomly chosen primitive from * individual * by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the : attr : pset attribute of the individual .
remove lease from semaphore path
openssl compatibile wrapper
scans through the files in dirname and processes whatever media files it finds
checks the avaiable tools on a system and chooses class accordingly
the top k elements of an array
parameters arr : a numpy array fill _ value : fill value , default to np . nan
convert obsolete ini entries
broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
set up glance credentials , returns glanceclient . client . client .
determines the value of the user - agent header to use for http requests .
get the arounds from the path .
dumb password generation function
internal tag stripping utility used by strip _ tags .
helper function to send / receive dns udp request
plot evoked after and before ica cleaning .
the query returns the original report query as a dict .
remove the specified css properties from all css rules in the book .
read from a file if it has been modified .
returns data about the given computations .
start the salt syndic .
wrapper for efficient iteration over mappings represented by dicts or sequences : : > > > for k , v in _ items ( for i in xrange ( 5 ) ) : . . .
convert a pil . image to numpy array .
get the current device or use a device by device number , and return the cuda context .
install and configure haproxy .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
returns an iterator of n successive equal - sized chunks from the given list .
presents simple wizard interface for beginner users
converts an xml string into an accountlistfeed object .
create a certificate authority ca _ name name of the ca bits number of rsa key bits , default is 2048 days number of days the ca will be valid , default is 365
convert config file replication string to a dict .
perform and off - line sync of the database .
enter multiprocess mode , if required .
builds fathead article entry .
require a user with no permissions .
sample rss memory usage .
contains the internal logic necessary to actually " snatch " a result that has been found .
adds tools to the plot object
wrapper for the window . show _ quick _ panel api that keeps it open .
iterate over all objects of the same class by its class name
returns a format string , to be used to build a crontab command .
make a web call to ifttt .
deserialize s to a python object .
tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store .
file upload to preselected folder
add pillar by loops which may be concave .
process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
determine if an ip address is in a throttled range .
perform an static analysis on the sample and return the json
instantiate a new : class : . cacheregion .
list all osd data partitions by partition
distill only keys and values related to the naming conventions .
get vertex given stl vertex line .
collects a log file from the remote machine .
wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function , including noses additional stuff .
returns a dictionary with keys specified as user attributes and values as dictionaries with labels , number of relevant objects , and optionally the actual set of relevant objects .
this function returns the complete pos tuple for the partial pos tuple given to it .
return leading coefficient of f .
specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method
mostly for retrying file operations that fail on windows due to virus scanners
run an external script to clean this instance & reset to default values visudo web2py all = nopasswd : / usr / local / bin / clean
get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface .
get a resource from a package .
return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
gets the list of available audio outputs .
variant of process . communicate that works with in process i / o redirection .
compute qr decomposition of a matrix .
get cached account or container information from request - environment cache .
check download _ dir for previously downloaded file with correct hash
add l2loss to all the trainable variables .
merges two sorted arrays and calculates the inversion count .
this method will try to return the current database in use by the user as efficiently as possible , i . e . without constructing duplicate
wrapper for docs page titles .
parses the compiler output .
avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non - breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
preload the modules , and print the time and memory used .
disable a service .
check if we need to support anime , and if we do , enable the feature
provides the unix time when the system started .
repeat lookup until all keys found .
translate a formula containing fancy cell names to valid python code .
this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or , if this code is being run on a gce instance , from the default service account credentials associated with the vm .
find the domains in the cert with name certname .
intelligent client - side text truncation
returns a string
redirects the user to the login page , passing the given next page
extends the access token to 60 days and saves it on the profile
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
sift the sequence , seq into a dictionary according to keyfunc .
restful crud controller
returns all cliques in the graph with at least the given number of nodes .
display the list of images in a given region .
disables the named privilege for this process .
find the button with the specified text .
this method checks for idempotency using the trunk - show command .
use in places where the template is returned as the result of the controller so that it becomes compatible with the page cache .
get all available regions for the ec2 service .
calculate time to sleep based on exponential function .
ensures that rights for a new exploration are saved first .
return image subtracted from its local mean .
bulk update shared code for organizations
add a tool plugin menu .
pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with " left _ pad " zeros left and " right _ pad " right .
add users in conference
check to see if a queue exists .
sanitize flags passed into df
simple sequences for hl0 .
return the number of divisors of n .
put a parsed url back together again .
return a unique integer in the range [ minimum , maximum ] , inclusive .
set the group module if the kernel is sunos
generic daily archive view .
returns a pep 440 - compliant version number from version .
prefix a string with the irc _
parse an appyaml file and merge referenced includes and builtins .
this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
return float with percentage sign
return only the true root domain for the favicon , so api . oznzb . com - > oznzb . com
returns rgb color in matplotlib format .
this is a compatibility function which provides the logic for nspawn . poweroff and nspawn . terminate .
expand a file compressed with gzip , bzip2 , or zip .
create a shortcut namedtuple for a widget
obtain a cursor from a source object .
return a list of all empty directories on the master
retrieve a specified changectx from a repository .
this function creates an iterable context manager that can be used to iterate over something while showing a progress bar .
return the mask function for the given mask pattern .
read in the lockfile given by lockfilename into a dictionary .
returns the machines bridges list
compute md5 hash of " byte _ str " and return it encoded as a base - 64 string .
parse columns out of a response packet .
calculate probability from f distribution
a version of pythons urllib . quote ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the
skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
called before building a static file .
fab - h username @ host git _ deploy : appname , username / remoname
run the command to download target .
get all streams as a dict .
verify and decode an encoded string .
return a sample data file .
ensure the spcifieda usage plan with the corresponding metrics is deployed . .
checks that the following are true : - args and sig . args have arg _ count elements - all input types are homogeneous - return type is return _ type if provided , otherwise it must be homogeneous with the input types .
return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 .
install the flocker client into a virtualenv using pip .
extracts the authsub token from an http body string .
returns - - may - exist parameter for open vswitch command .
create a brand new name
unpack a packed object , return an iterator
generate config for supervisor with an optional user argument
get the evaluated boolean .
get all tasks that match zero or more filters .
given a course _ key , look up the corresponding course overview , check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course , and return the course overview .
for a specific format type , returns the format for the current language , defaults to the format in the settings .
grabs all metrics by navigating find api recursively
builds a pipeline including three artifact corrections : head - motion correction , susceptibility - derived distortion correction , and eddy currents - derived distortion correction .
constructs an nodelocalstate from an ideployer .
calls retry for the recalculate _ subsection _ grade task with the given inputs .
generate temporary file with provided parameters .
complete openid signin
convert linestyle - > dash pattern
enters the debugger at the call point
returns an array of uniformly - distributed samples over an interval .
json - py api compatibility hook .
validates a user preference serializer .
function which curries currency and value
get metadata keyname : string name of key . .
monkey patches cryptographys backend detection .
trigger a configured event in ifttt .
returns the plotting positions for the data .
creates a release on the maebert / jrnl repository on github
check if the file - like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
returns the systems release version , e . g . # 3 on degas
repeat of both the moonish and sunish tests above to make sure the two routes through the coordinate graph are consistent with each other
read the given attributes on the given file / directory
start the mkdocs development server
generate a subclass of baselexer that accepts the objective - c syntax extensions .
decorator converts a caller function into a decorator ; decorator decorates a function using a caller .
fetch smart attributes
delete a website from iis .
compute several dask collections at once .
retrieves all the text between matching open and close parentheses .
devise a plan to be applied to the hypergeometric function target to yield origin .
converts supplied textual string into xml node .
return nth term of fibonacci sequence
helper to print text , taking into account backspaces
calculate bode magnitude and phase data of a continuous - time system .
parse date and notes ; returns a tuple in the form .
create an entry of block device mapping .
a decorator ( meant to be used under wsgiapp ( ) ) that resolves the debugcount variable to a debuginfo object .
translate a reconciler container listing entry to a dictionary containing the parts of the misplaced object queue entry .
compute non - negative matrix factorization with multiplicative update
create directory tree , obeying permissions
generate a server - side timestamp for the upload .
run freebsd - update on name poudriere jail
get the repository constructor .
return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
algorithm " yt " tits , yang .
minimize a function using the downhill simplex algorithm .
creates a file in the / locks folder by the given name
useful decorator for classes that need to update texture after other properties .
parses the filter options dict attribute .
returns true if the subnetpool _ id of the given subnet is equal to constants . ipv6 _ pd _ pool _ id
default datalist item renderer for organisations on the profile pages
enterprise methods which modify the logistration form are called from this method .
helper function to validate the data sent as input and to build field based errors .
separates the range into several bins and returns the number of instances in each bin .
align the position in the file to the next block of specified size
returns a slice of the list .
the main function .
return the result for this obj with this key and this axis
rest controller for options . s3json lookups
returns a single string identifying the underlying platform with as much useful information as possible .
return translation vector from translation matrix .
return true if the image is mutable in this context .
fetch and return generatedcertificate of the student passed in request data for the given course .
check if the file was modified outside ninja .
check if user can read / update / delete an event .
test matplotlib with the passed backend enabled , the passed backend package included with this frozen application , all other backend packages explicitly excluded from this frozen application , and the passed rcparam key set to the corresponding passed value if that key is _ not _ none or ignore that value otherwise .
create a gridout property .
given an object , this method tries to json . loads ( ) the value of each of the keys .
run code specified by data received over pipe
pop items off a queue and create an event on the salt event bus to be processed by a reactor .
list enqueued background jobs .
just do the minimum to submit the facility form .
returns true if the provided ip is a valid ipv6 - address
generate all the full paths in a tree , as a dict .
turns a function or method into a wsgi application .
returns a cookiejar from a key / value dictionary .
reorder the dimensions of x .
get student records per page along with page information i . e current page , total pages and offset information .
create a slice tuple for indexing into a numpy array along a given axis .
for assoc _ rule in association _ rules :
os - specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path ; not recommended for general use .
computes mean and std for batch then apply batch _ normalization on batch .
iterate on the raw ptb data .
wrapper for conditional _ websafe so cached templates dont explode
print a list of tasks
returns an asyncio : class : ~ prompt _ toolkit . eventloop . eventloop instance for usage in a : class : ~ prompt _ toolkit . interface . commandlineinterface .
returns the index of the individual with the least the multiplicative epsilon contribution .
repack the options data
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
installs one or several gems .
update an telemetry alarms .
replace value from flows to given register number register _ value key in dictionary will be replaced by register number given by register _ number
a demonstration of the recursive descent parser .
perform a oneshot ensemble measurement on all qubits .
returns the text before currentcolumn .
rising / falling three methods
calculation of wilks lambda f - statistic for multivarite data , per
add replication info to services table .
construct a class that either runs tests as usual , or each method raises skiptest if it encounters a common error .
returns true if the given virtual network identifier for vxlan is valid .
reverse the above additions of permissions .
sets the random number generator state .
the stream factory that is used per default .
check if the file at least looks like afm .
initiate a column - based attribute refresh operation .
returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks .
converts a scipy sparse matrix in * * dictionary of keys * * format to an iterable of weighted edge triples .
create a dictionary for a test instance .
n331 - enforce using assertisinstance .
modify pdp context request section 9 . 5 . 6
get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image .
ensure that the parent directory for a file is present .
quote data for email .
escape things that need to be escaped when transforming to an iri .
alter the provided dictionary to flatten includes - of - includes .
html representation of a databook .
build arguments for adding additional environment vars with env
ensures a request has permission to access the given quota class .
given the meijer g function parameters , func , find a sequence of operators that reduces order as much as possible .
return the matching key fingerprints .
return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator .
approve a comment .
executes a task to a url with the given args .
decorator to temporarily turn off tracing for the duration of a test .
return the absolute path to the named repository .
add a rich rule to a zone . .
fills a bounded region with a given color .
wrapper around impacket . smbconnection . putfile ( ) that allows a string to be uploaded , without first writing it as a local file
try to return the numeric value of the string
fetch an enum member given its native value .
return the url for registering the review board support page .
download the resource pointed to by url using https securely .
whether the hash value denotes an active entry .
estimate the snr as a function of time for evoked data .
output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names , followed by " . . .
this will return the number in the last line of a file .
tests the matplotlib codebase against the " pep8 " tool .
test to make sure that identify _ table ( ) returns whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the correct table to process .
a simple method for encoding multipart post data from a dictionary of form values .
get all groups .
parse a config . h - style file .
wrapper around numpy . result _ type which overcomes the npy _ maxargs argument limit
get the outline from the path .
generate a unique id , having - hopefully - a very small chance of collision .
decorator to require the specified snapshot to exist .
register a new format .
retrieves and return a single document .
decorator to help do testing with placebo .
calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
given a scheme and credential , return an : class : acl object appropriate for use with kazoo .
passes to user requested transcripts file .
freeze the named container path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
checks mask handling
creates an index from a search _ service _ pb . indexmetadata .
get points rotated by the plane angle
remove the compiled application
compile a list of statements as the body of a function and return the resulting python function .
merge hex color with an alpha to get an rgba tuple .
make all add sub - expressions canonical wrt sign .
a function for populating the : class : fontkey by extracting information from the truetype font file .
check what happens when adding url while reading the history .
sort in memory chunk of records records - a list of records read from the original dataset key - a list of indices to sort the records by chunkindex - the index of the current chunk
yamlify arg and ensure its outermost datatype is a list
return path of config file of the currently running kernel
read a tag from a file at a given position .
return the mode selinux is running in
creates a list of ancestor directories in the beets library path .
ensures usage plan identified by name is no longer present . .
returns a new inline type suitable for the django administration : : from django . contrib import admin from myapp . models import news , newstranslation admin . site . register ( news , inlines = [ admin _ translationinline ,
set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
escapes a strings html .
returns an ndarray or dataframe from a stata . dta file .
set the password for username to admin _ passwd
deletes a task .
this will run the program and present profiling data in a nice looking graph
returns a form class for the given list of django database field instances .
returns an instance of a property value given a type and string value .
save the generator for later use initialize the removed content list
handles the raw score changed signal , converting the score to a weighted score and firing the problem _ weighted _ score _ changed signal .
generate weakly connected components of g .
escape and quote an attribute value .
fetches information of a specific firewall rule
localize list of attributes .
get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
create an instancetype - like object from instances system _ metadata information .
replace the xenserver address present in url with host _ addr .
wrap a function with a warnings . warn and augmented docstring .
return package install time , based on the / var / lib / dpkg / info / . list
check if a python library is available .
returns a single filter that short - circuit ands the specified filters .
filter the list of raw likelihoods so that we only preserve sharp increases in likelihood .
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
compute nth derivative of hankel function h1v ( z ) with respect to z .
unsubscribe a user from a creator .
display the courses tab with the given name .
load the attribute maps
prints help screen
set success codes .
converts the kitti annotations to json file .
return a list of potential or default username / password combinations for a router .
return a list of job ids
create a psychometric function by binning data from a staircase procedure .
enable a job in the minions schedule
interstitial admin view for purging multiple documents .
return an array of all value .
detect if we are running in a pull request on travis .
get matches between a video and a guess .
normalize the data
returns the clickable element specified in clickdata , if the latter is given .
helper to get vispy calling function from the stack
downloads all available updates
create an encoded key for a google storage file .
decorator factory to make tests more dry .
used by modules like user to have different implementations based on detected platform .
update a security group .
this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
generate minion rsa public keypair
helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
returns polygon an arc with x , y , radius , start angle , end engle and resolution a polygon object
returns a unique service status
return all audit log entries between now - offset and now .
parses a policy rule into a tree of check objects .
place an update . lk remote can either be a dictionary containing repo configuration information , or a pattern .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
returns fetched url
remove the service from system .
return iterator that " educates " the items of text _ tokens .
return the cached file name for a bucket path file
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . deploy .
utility to generate a stream of dates .
returns a list of hashtags from a tweet .
removes all values of arg from the given string .
save the results of a query to an hdfs file .
return the class corresponding to the given temporalimp string
validate a provided cluster configuration .
modify an existing monitor .
set and retrieve the datetime value of self . headers [ header ]
test making fwd using kit , bti , and ctf files
sets the current requests logged - in user .
part of the reason the init is very slow is because , the layers constructor is called even when it isnt needed
get the dictionary and affix file names as well as supported locales for each dictionary
return pars as dict for given resource id .
filers the list of sample directories to only include directories that contain files in the list of changed files .
returns the k - component structure of a graph g .
dump a public key to a buffer .
return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one , or tag plus number of additional revisions if the current revision has no tag .
fetch path is a string fromtime is an epoch time untiltime is also an epoch time , but defaults to now .
returns none if an error
render the receipt page as html .
returns statistics related to a particular bucket
get profile for one tooth of an annulus .
check that two images match .
return the ground truth for the specified directory .
test simply starting a process with mode parameter .
read the low - level value for some complex types member .
gather informations to open the server socket .
page through text by invoking a program on a temporary file .
raise skiptest unless the functional test configuration has required _ backend .
delete a generic elasticache resource .
iterate object attributes for stringify purposes
get the appid from the remote _ api endpoint .
register instances with an elb .
print formatted smart output for the drive
with colorless output , a successful outline scenario should print beautifully .
generates a string of random bytes .
gets a tuple of coords from get _ tuple _ coords and returns the number of tiles from the top left corner to this tile .
assign a certificate to an iis binding .
actions which are general " store " instructions .
read graph in multi - line adjacency list format from path .
creates a queue with the correct name .
exports dictionary into various formats .
easy publishing of my nice open source project
create network from scratch using open vswitch .
fetch a file based on the uri provided .
get parent tensorflow variables of input .
test that you cant add a duplicate file extension
render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made .
update an db entry .
closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
rename a unprocessed folder to a new unique name to indicate a certain status .
parses a handle containing a genepop file .
make a hybi - 00 frame from some data .
builds the operations needed to create a new campaign .
remove specified package lock .
extract event id from talk html page .
get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
fetches profile specific options if applicable
guido van rossum doesnt want you to use this function .
get the neighbors of a model instance .
check the compatibility between the driver and the database .
adds an exploration _ id to a user _ ids usercontributionsmodel collection of created explorations .
get synset relations data for a synset .
rescinds a due date extension for a student on a particular unit .
group words by stems defined by truncating them at given length .
widget tooltip construction helper .
chebyshev type ii filter order selection .
tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations .
create a parser for command line options .
analysis of a sound using the sinusoidal harmonic model x : input sound ; fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size ; t : threshold in negative db , nh : maximum number of harmonics ; minf0 : minimum f0 frequency in hz , maxf0 : maximim f0 frequency in hz ; f0et : error threshold in the f0 detection , harmdevslope : slope of harmonic deviation ; minsinedur : minimum length of harmonics returns xhfreq , xhmag , xhphase : harmonic frequencies , magnitudes and phases
create a pair of veth devices with the specified names , deleting any previous devices with those names .
hits the github api for repository tags and returns the data .
set an ip address as having accessed an account .
extract all members from the archive to the current working directory and set owner , modification time and permissions on directories afterwards .
build an ill - posed linear regression problem with many noisy features and comparatively few samples
fetch a request key from either a django or flask request .
setup the mqtt lock .
decorator for artist . draw method .
short version of sympify for internal usage for _ _ add _ _ and _ _ eq _ _ methods where it is ok to allow some things in the expression .
merge dictionaries into a single dictionary .
string used in _ _ repr _ _ etc , to id app instances .
returns an inlineformset for the given kwargs .
a context manager that asserts post - conditions of listen _ fds at exit .
build a selectfield whose options are the changeset _ rev strings of certain revisions of the received repository .
return a relative version of a path
tries to find the local timezone configuration .
update the status of a credit request .
generate a unique link that a logged - out user can visit to unsubscribe from
list all hosts by service .
reduce the height of original _ size by padding
move back to the start of the current or previous word .
calculate the total viewing matrix from given data projection - - the projection matrix , if not provided than the result of glgetdoublev will be used .
returns the data specifications for the given network .
runs call _ command for a ka lite installation at the given location , and returns the output .
this sets up everything needed before indexing :
given a module label , finds the best matching installed _ apps entry .
fetch discovery documents and client libraries from a cloud service .
oscars default slugifier function .
create extra fill loops .
ensure that a physical device is not being used by lvm name
set connection for every table .
return all job queues currently in use .
create a figure with specified aspect ratio .
solves a given inequality or equation with set as output
launch the appropriate builder .
handles retraction of public registrations
return the support ticket system home page .
basename of just about any dev
get reference to a host within the cluster specified .
compute square - free part of f .
upload data as a csv using reportstore .
writes an error status response to the response outfile .
displays the date hierarchy for date drill - down functionality .
returns log10 of the data
stop - stop a running spider
check the installation status of a package on the rest server
check the shape of the array to be rgba and convert it to floating point representation .
calculate the iqr for an array of numbers .
internal helper to for context creation .
cancel all the dialogs .
collapse a list of ip objects .
pre - populate the web - history stub with some history entries .
capture old fields on the user instance before save and cache them as a private field on the current model for use in the post _ save callback .
get the value of makeopts variable in the make . conf
test connectivity to a host using a particular port from the minion .
parse the rootpw line
requests a metadata path from the metadata server available within gce .
a simple search view that returns opensearch suggestions .
weak crossentropy 2d .
return true if the service is managed by chkconfig .
gets the requestors user info from an http cookie header .
fetches a list of unread email objects from a users gmail inbox .
debug mode should be set to false .
return dmi records from smbios type
provides path completion , against files local to the console .
append extra content at the end of an html snippet , trying to locate the end of the html document ( , , or
raise an error if the shape and dtype do not match .
track assigner which aligns return tracks to the right , leaving a gap between regular and return tracks .
import events from a file into the emailed events calendar .
decorator to block all operations for a global sync call .
multi - dimensional slicing : slices is a list of slice objects .
decorator to count calls to a function
decode the console or file output explicitly using getpreferredencoding .
run the main command - line interface for beets .
returns the score values , now assuming the earned score is 0 . 0 - since a score was not found in an earlier storage .
set the closed attribute of the elementnode .
determines which files in the change set are aws playbooks files : a list of files modified by a commit range .
plot a symmetric matrix with colormap and statistic values .
gzip encoded data - > unencoded data
add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
when overriding a _ _ dir _ _ method on an object , you often want to include the " standard " members on the object as well .
delete a default from the system
does google - lint on a single file .
returns a numpy matrix using attributes from g .
allows templates to dynamically add html attributes to bound fields from django forms .
yields if status _ update contains " data science "
given a mapping of scheme to store _ name , adds the mapping to the known list of schemes if it does not already exist .
return if the project fits on its owner limits .
return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
decorator that activates commit on save .
returns a file - like object same as returned by urllib2 . urlopen but with handlers configured for sickbeard .
get hooks via app / hooks . py
this method provides a generator of patches from the data field in a chunk .
create an * n * - element 1 - d lookup table data * represented by a list of x , y0 , y1 mapping correspondences .
get a boolean fact safely .
generates a dictionary of all the known crc formats from : URL
unquotes a uri portion from a byte string into unicode using utf - 8
verify that the baseline and deltas expressions have a timestamp field .
computes the mann - whitney rank test on samples x and y .
returns a dict describing all group _ types with name as key .
irc bot for interacting with salt .
it should support download from pypi from a requirements file
return covered module names as a nested dict .
consume the num of bytes return a tuple of func - - a function to call on the consumed .
create a keystone tenant
return frequency code group of given frequency str or offset .
run parquet utility application .
convenience method for accessing config singleton .
determines if the supplied module is related to encodings in any way .
if an assertion is to be signed the signature part has to be preset with which algorithms to be used , this function returns such a preset part .
renders a response to display a single discussion thread .
walks the python mro of the given class to find the method to invoke .
the derivative of the rosenbrock function .
gets the date on which the account expires
make a set of simple , default headers for files that are missing them .
ensure floating ip forwarding rule .
fixture providing a fake tabbed - browser object on win _ id 0 and 1 .
scan for ignored paths based on glob patterns .
create defined roles , services and permissions .
ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore _ auth in context .
utility to get grid parameters from a frequency array
copies data store files to the corresponding data servers .
attempt to get a test config dictionary .
reboots the system
purge a group or organization .
the parse tree contains a lot of redundant nodes .
formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
if output is currently being redirected to a stream , returns declared loglevel for that stream .
serialise links to ranges in a single external worbook
returns the display name for the specified type of xblock .
list all resource types
register the libravatar plugin with pelican
check if a string is a math exprssion
skip if a test is executed under travis testing environment
increment the line number of the list content when needed .
asynchronously rewrite the append - only file
get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
numpy < 1 . 8 does not support the axis argument for np . linalg . norm .
return a cycler object from a string repr or the object itself
map the input array to new coordinates by interpolation .
verify a users password
computes the gauss - chebyshev quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights of the second kind .
the pytest config object with access to command line opts .
get the value for a particular metric ; part of gmond interface
remove identation from first line of text .
get the boolean .
parse the given python function / method doc - string into call - signature and description bits .
iterative sigma - clipping of array elements .
scan the query data for the named vm
return the root mean square of all the elements of * a * , flattened out .
given a list of frames , returns a list of stack information dictionary objects that are json - ready .
open penultimate file with outside program .
this method drops uc from table and works for mysql , postgresql and sqlite .
parse cli output of the xfsdump utility .
return compensation matrix eg . for ctf system .
set the keyboard layout for the system name
returns a dictionary of { field _ name : field _ index } for the given table .
replace y - x with - if - 1 can be extracted from y - x .
computes the correlation distance between two 1 - d arrays .
download best subtitles .
remove translation hint from end of string .
return html for chart
heteroscedasticity and autocorrelation robust covariance matrix
sanity check before pushing translation terms
a saved _ file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field , model , and app specific aliases matching the saved files field .
restful crud controller
updates the given identitypoolids properties .
translates a phrase , with an optional language hint .
this should be compatible with both django 1 . 3 , 1 . 4 and 1 . 5
assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol * abs ( b )
test splitting labels
list all slack rooms .
this returns true if the current login is fresh .
helper to define a counted list of expressions .
read a mailcap file and return a dictionary keyed by mime type .
request a csv showing students grades for all problems in the course .
this wrapper will serialize access to func to a single thread .
load a queue . yaml file or string and return a queueinfoexternal object .
returns true iff request is running a third - party auth pipeline .
returns source index object .
returns the number of megacycles used so far by this request .
create a patch object .
convert string or int coord frame into int .
given a socket exception , return connection error .
the loader will execute functions with one argument and pass a reference to the proxymodules lazyloader object .
enable / disable postprocessor thread
test the if - match comparison as defined in section 3 . 1 of rfc 7232 .
make sure string is unicode , try to default with utf8 , or base64 if failed .
decorator for benchmarks that use text
return a list of the apps which may contain handlers .
returns a dict describing specific flavor .
returns a page of non - private commits to all collections in reverse time order .
returns the default stream encoding if not found .
sends a message to the managers , as defined by the managers setting .
initialize the site configuration .
level 2 : require an admin :
helper which will pull filename into
msg is a return arg from a raise .
retry a requests request with exponential backoff up to n _ retries times .
process a timestamp into datetime object .
return true if the given path resolves against the default url resolver ,
publish message to an mqtt topic .
saves bound form forms cleaned _ data into model instance instance .
compute the matrix solution of the orthogonal procrustes problem .
clear the cache entirely .
split a host : port string into ( host , int ) pair .
convert classic wildcard to sql wildcard
a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function .
gets the type of interface
stream check mail
time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq , smag : frequencies and magnitudes of input sinusoidal tracks timescaling : scaling factors , in time - value pairs returns ysfreq , ysmag : frequencies and magnitudes of output sinusoidal tracks
sanitizes an html fragment .
downloads and installs all available updates , skipping those that require user interaction .
run the main application .
set your preferred time zone .
filter out the result : true + no changes data
return whether the reuse _ db flag was passed .
autoreleased version of cfstr
find the b - spline representation of 1 - d curve .
import the files in the given list of paths or matching the query .
returns a - tuple for a secure ssl - encrypted https server .
find a high resolution head .
return a closure representing a function that calls a function for every process , and returns a result
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data
transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
rescores a problem in a course , for all students or one specific student .
return the name of the current " site " .
generates an ascii - only slug .
return true if the object is a method descriptor .
extract a minibatch of examples , return a tuple x _ text , y .
return a string that identifies the current platform .
fetch info about the latest availiable version .
create an empty media list .
repartition dataframe along new divisions
update a wrapper function to look like the wrapped function wrapper is the function to be updated wrapped is the original function assigned is a tuple naming the attributes assigned directly from the wrapped function to the wrapper function updated is a tuple naming the attributes off the wrapper that are updated with the corresponding attribute from the wrapped function
checks the return _ to value against the hash , and if it is valid then returns the return _ to for redirect .
read pattern overrides from overrides _ file , which may be none .
for a given course _ id , generate a csv file containing all student answers to a given problem , and store using a reportstore .
test directory cannot be created with name and no parent or without name but no parent .
returns a summary list of hosts .
returns summary dict for the given video module
return the number of followers of an object .
converts a decimal . decimal to bid .
loads a saved on - disk representation to a python data structure .
perform a ring migration between the * populations * .
get a featurestate object for this feature , creating it if necessary .
sort a list of proposals
displays the nmap scan results generated by recordsgen .
attempt to extract a possible number from the string passed in .
prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural ( ) is the one that holds the number .
edit user avatar .
re enter all failed jobs in the download queue
tries to locate a guest agent at the path specified by agent _ rel _ path
sends a simple sms message .
opt is an re which matches either | re | or the empty string .
splits input string into a list of items , numeric and otherwise .
parses a byte string generically , or using a spec with optional params
select a node from a list of nodes .
set the current startup disk to the indicated path .
return the type of the file
returns the time zone abbreviation of the time zone for given datetime
converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks ( ) .
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the
truncates a string after a certain number of letters
inverse function for erfc .
return florentine families graph .
check if the route table has all routes as in given list rt _ list : a list if routes provided in the module rt : the remote route table object igw : the internet gateway object for this vpc
connect to the postgresql database .
set the given properties on an snapshot and update it .
read a png file to rgb8 or rgba8
selects the cuda device with the given id .
if _ stmt : if test colon suite
gradient of just the ridge penalty
validate nameservers search domains .
return defaults for a requests session .
strips all [ x ] html tags .
infer one image
return true if the image is visible in this context .
register the wrapped dependency provider under the specified name .
just a no - op in case tracing is disabled .
register a file in the package database
return the image object to use
get bins for chisquare type gof tests for a discrete distribution
group sample identifiers by one or more metadata fields
parse twitters utc date into utc or local time .
format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues .
return the mac address of the device .
finds pairs of files from a list of files , optionally matches barcodes all _ files : list of filepaths read1 _ indicator : string indicating read 1 of a pair read2 _ indicator : string indicating read 2 of a pair match _ barcodes : if true , will attempt to match up barcodes file barcode _ indicator : string indicating barcode file .
returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries .
return last 5 published code samples
serve a single command .
disables a disablable qobject instance .
returns a boolean indicating whether or not openbadges are enabled .
update property dict in list of properties where prop has " key " : key , set " value " : value
insert versioning copy of document for the previous version of a document if it is missing .
argument preprocessor that converts the input into a tzinfo object .
make sure a string is not unicode .
remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
given a tools parameter definition and a specific set of parameter values , call callback for each non - grouping parameter , passing the parameter object , value , a constructed unique name , and a display label .
add email to sending queue
do the hairy computations .
list the default quotas for a tenant .
application design handler
return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file
decorator that checks if a user _ id is associated to the current session .
returns sorted list of text and time fields of a datastore resource .
checks if a schema exists on the postgres server .
compute an approximation to exp , with p decimal places of precision .
return app creation page with list of known apps .
verify that all requirements to run pyinstaller are met .
generate the list of examples , as well as the contents of examples .
given a domain name , delete it .
pass in a function name to discover what provider is being used
checking the coordinate sequence retrieval .
compute the power spectral density using multitapers .
parameters type : string 1 .
make a caa request .
variance of a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
only load if win32 libraries are installed
number : minus integer | minus float
input a dictionary to be converted to xml .
annotates the tokens with lemmata for plural nouns and conjugated verbs , where each token is a [ word , part - of - speech ] list .
configure logging from file .
checks if the given intent is valid , and raises an exception if it is not .
uninstall an easy _ installed package after its been imported
transform an expression into a multinomial form given generators .
when inmeory is enabled
sends queued notifications .
small configuration file management function .
format datetime object for human friendly representation .
delete a device from server density .
convert level name / int to log level .
colorizes the given text
return the aparc + aseg . mgz file
creates a new message with the specified values .
copy a file from inside a container to the minion name
pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file .
estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm
admin view that displays the django settings .
square dense polynomials in k [ x ] .
converts text to html following the rules of markdown , but blocking any outside html input , so that only the things supported by markdown can be used .
get a qurl based on a user input .
delete a user .
create a folder and its parents if needed .
order image location list .
check if a file exists and is a character device .
listen for state changes based on configuration .
plots corners found in image .
return a query object filtered by primary key values passed in ids argument .
given a course _ id and comment _ id , create a response to a comment after checking the max depth allowed , if allowed
get a point with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of vector3s .
same as cpu _ percent ( ) but provides utilization percentages for each specific cpu time as is returned by cpu _ times ( ) .
returns the current active catalog for further processing .
returns a list of beetsplugin subclass instances from all currently loaded beets plugins .
clone a remote git repository into a new directory .
delete any pagerduty resource
given a list of parnames , including possible duplicates , returns a new list of parnames with duplicates prepended by one or more underscores to make them unique .
adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object :
wang / eez : solve multivariate diophantine equations .
parses a string representing the tasks age limit .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
get fifo rate from queue
get hexagonal grid .
lists permissions for vhost via rabbitmqctl list _ permissions
returns url of fallback avatar .
return a predicate which is true if all of * vals * are not nat .
load a wsgi application from the pastedeploy config file specified by config _ uri .
make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
create a list of injected files from the personality attribute .
update timezone information from sr repositories
convert an http response object to a request dict .
pickling reduction for memmap backed arrays .
show the disk details of the instance
get cart from database or return unsaved cart
fingerprint each item in the task for later use during the autotagging candidate search .
custom version of np . searchsorted .
this function adds plugins from a specified path .
create a sort from a single string criterion .
handler for the absolute value .
force delete a server .
create cohort to partition _ id / group _ id link .
minimizes a positive definite quadratic function via linear conjugate gradient using the r operator to avoid explicitly representing the hessian .
create a dask array from a dask delayed value
local _ resource _ url for studio
test that latex _ to _ png _ mpl just runs without error .
format a string using double braces
converts the given ids to usernames , or truncated email addresses .
sets up the logging options for a log with supplied name
create a new key pair for use with servers .
execute a batch of insert , update , or delete commands .
little css minifier
turn all capturing groups in a regular expression pattern into non - capturing groups .
builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which describes the use of a previously bound node label .
this will update untranslated messages in target from source this can be used as first step when creating language file for new but very similar language or if you want update your app from welcome app of newer web2py version or in non - standard scenarios when you work on target and from any reason you have partial translation in source
parse target url and set some attributes into the configuration singleton .
check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package
run the main application .
result is a string of given " type " message is a human readable string , can be empty data is either a dict or a array , can be a empty dict or empty array
parse a url into 5 components :
get the currently valid pids of the portal and
return 2d dict of params which should be on
launch the browser once before executing the tests .
find the bounding boxes for a given image file .
check if the current python installation appears amenable to building extensions with gcc .
command and option completion for the main option parser and its subcommands .
transforms sqlalchemy object into dict depending on the show level .
constructs a dictionary with relevant unit data .
commits outstanding changes .
build l { asynctestcase } classes that runs the tests in the mixin class with both real and in - memory queries .
this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low - level base cipher .
convert a simple " shorthand " python value to a template .
asset change before and after
get list of all receivers from global tables
this function taken from : URL
setup the enocean light platform .
remove releases from a collection .
see if numpy supports convolution of volume and kernel .
setup python in ubuntu , which already comes with python
returns initialization function by the name .
return opaqueref for all the vdis which live on sr .
this logs a user in for the sesion and current request .
double percent hex encoding method .
algebraically solves equations and systems of equations .
adds a batch normalization layer .
this is a combination login / complete due to lti being a one step login
compute the pseudo - inverse of a hermitian matrix .
lazy route template parser .
return check icon if value is true or empty string otherwise .
get flipped loop .
helper routine for ogrinspect that generates geodjango models corresponding to the given data source .
like the regular get _ valid _ filename , but also slugifies away umlauts and stuff .
expected postcondition : projects icon _ dict says it is generic .
set or unset extra _ spec for a monitor type .
return the number of logical cpus in the system .
get outset geometryoutput .
removes colour tags from a string .
generate a new set of dsa domain parameters
return an iterable of the elements which are direct children of c { parent } and which have the c { attribute } attribute .
exception processing when label not found in database .
removes curly braces from the given sequences .
add / remove vlans from arista switch in an idempotent manner
takes a format string and returns a list of 2 - tuples of the form where boolean says whether string should be evaled or not .
ensure the sns topic exists .
version of sympify to import expression into sympy
provides mdata only on smartos
compute polynomial quotient of f and g .
handles validation and invalidation of edges incident to a node .
get the float .
executes the given function , catches all exceptions and converts to a warning .
list the profiles available
ifstat main loop
test cloning a git repository from a non - editable url with a given tag .
create network interface fields ui metadata based on network interface fields metadata
splits a list into part a of b split should be a string of the form a / b .
return true if this minion is a proxy minion .
train the network .
prompt for a password , with echo turned off .
install the latest version of pip _ , using the given python interpreter .
constraint is satisfied if its the same column , or if the queens are not in the same row or diagonal
deletes a comment .
remove csv file .
copy a file or a directory .
ensure that the input _ file exists .
array has to be any js array for example [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] lval has to be name of this array .
gets console output of an instance .
remove all staff and instructors of master course from respective ccx ( s ) .
create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
returns the memory size of the given object .
validates that the users all have valid , matching localsites .
default function for handling get requests , it has decorators for rate limiting , authentication and for raising pre - request events .
selects what from tables with clauses where , order , group , limit , and offset .
add a new service
various stats about weblate
format the function signature as printable text .
formats a date as the time until that date .
call gce reset on the instance .
recursively gets all attributes of a cpython module up to a depth of
returns a list of all of the system group ids of which the user is a member .
call signature : : acorr
validate a username / password combo , returning true / false
constructs a sparse orthogonal matrix .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding python object .
code that runs at the beginning of each request
return local gradient of an image .
a " safe " filter for sequences .
load the list of python - social - auth backend classes from django settings
log - probability of the true labels in a predicted batch .
uses a tornado http client to perform http requests .
sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list .
determines if the dashboard will request donations for the given course .
approximately computes the ramsey number r for graph .
determine if the request wants the given content _ type as a response .
get operating system type / distribution and major version using python platform module
disable an upstart service .
migrate virtual machine and return the task .
notify a list _ user _ unsubscribed event
enable or disable l { deferred } debugging .
remove the content of a directory recursively but not the directory itself .
replace the entities that are specified by openid
creates a new collection , and ensures that rights for a new collection are saved first .
return copy of d with key associated to val
make a class appear to reside in module , rather than the module in which it is actually defined .
returns a list of versions for a given module .
extract the bucket _ id and collection _ id of the given resource
remove self dependencies from targets that have the prune _ self _ dependency variable set .
start the specified service
convert blocks in dask array x for new chunks .
convert status of a video .
set up the haveibeenpwnedsensor sensor .
handles looping over the input data and passing each row into the given model object , as well as extracting the result object and passing it into an output handler .
get z component cross product of a pair of vector3s .
return a l { todo } object built from c { value } .
only run on linux systems
execute a command on dfs
returns normalize path , eliminating double slashes , etc .
utility function which : 1 .
get the selinux file context mapping definition from policy .
return the contents of the buckets cache file
compile vm diagnostics data .
look for every file in the directory tree and create the corresponding
execute an operation against jboss instance through the cli interface .
takes a list of dicts , returns that list sorted by the property given in the argument .
auxiliary function to set options [ classes ] and delete options [ class ] .
return a list of testlib . test instances for each test found in the manifest .
send an email to the admin email address .
check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification .
outputs a list of all plugins livestreamer has loaded .
get interesting info about some , or all eips associated with the current account .
return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators .
put all translations into a translations dict .
returns a list of table names from the given metadata .
sorts barcode frequencies according to counts , returns list bc _ freqs : dictionary of barcodes : counts
init the rainbow shell
identifies a stream as an event source for a lambda function .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
return the name of the package that owns the file .
if any of the specified validators pass the validation succeeds
bandpass filter for the signal x .
open the given response in a local web browser , populating the tag for external links to work
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
get the centers from the intersection loop .
return a list of oslo . config options available .
shuffles two arrays !
oh no ! someone has passed you the probability output , " prob " , of a softmax function , and you want the unnormalized log probability - - the argument to the softmax .
retrieve git tags and find version numbers for a release series series - stable , oldstable , or testing
replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding .
writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle
show details about the given keypair .
returns a list of unprotected ids within the document doc .
get new repository .
verify that the given extension handle is valid .
return refs starting with refs .
reset performance statistics to zero on the local node .
factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
elementwise exponential minus one function .
calculate which from transitions are allowed for each state
generate a : func : . relationship or : func : . backref on behalf of two mapped classes .
returns a list of audio filters that are available .
returns stock balance quantity at given warehouse on given posting date or current date .
loop lifting transformation .
return product of lists of unique values in order of the passed fields .
removes ~ # from short file names
alternate read & seek one unit
get an argumentparser with all the base benchmark arguments added in .
only work on posix - like systems
remove the users requirement status .
helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
clean up temporary files from disk
adds a column to a table . .
helper function to get an arn if name does not look like an arn .
find shortest weighted paths in g from a source node .
computes new shape with the smallest side equal to smallest _ side .
this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database .
a helper function to plot : abbr : fmri confounds .
return without doing anything .
get the first element from an iterable or raise a valueerror if the iterator generates no values .
a view that doesnt use the token , but does use the csrf view processor .
setup iframe frontend panels .
use pandoc to convert text from rest to markdown .
read markdown code from a file and write it to a file or a stream .
search path for executable files with the given name .
convert a sequence or mapping to an svm _ node array
returns all available language keys .
writes a file to disk
repository manager for elasticsearch curator .
checks if its argument is a list or a str .
find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model .
compute spherical bessel function jn ( z ) and derivative .
a simple helper function
all of the same function body as before , except the last line
check every task and restart safe ones , else restart program
fires before code is executed in response to user / frontend action .
if variable has a name , returns that name .
restful controller for option lookups
list server software plugins .
assert that an event meets the protocol for datasource trade outputs .
start a transaction .
return page - level toc template data for soup
numba - optimized version of player . best _ response compilied in nopython mode , specialized for 2 - player games .
converts a string version number into semver .
replaces space character ( ) with a random blank character from a valid set of alternate characters
checks for false positives
plot posterior predictive of a linear model .
set and activate a language , if that language is available .
sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains .
print out ring locations of specified type
write c code contents to the target file object .
compare two files .
decodes a ack packet .
prints / logs an error message to the server log .
adds single unit to index .
rotate the old log files to . old
generate prototypes for all functions of a given file list .
returns true if this session successfully took ownership of the lock specified by lock _ uri .
select elements stored in given indices .
a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank .
use nltks currently recommended named entity chunker to chunk the given list of tagged sentences , each consisting of a list of tagged tokens .
clears accumulated statistics on all nodes in the cluster .
alternate read & write 1000 units
like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify _ value on every value before passing it to encode _ value .
interface to git - checkout ( 1 ) _ cwd
gram orthogonal matching pursuit
ensure that given user is present .
returns all branches for the specified repo
fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len = = 1 : always returns an n - tuple where n = len
returns whether x is a keras tensor .
nice truncating of text
deflates and the base64 encodes a string
asset group add a asset
return a filter string to be appended to a translation url .
create a kvm guest
computes the akaike information criterion .
this function plots statistics on the classification - segmentation results produced either by the fix - sized supervised method or the hmm method .
reissue a new activation _ key for the user with the expired activation _ key .
update an tag or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
retrieves all volumes hosted on a host .
make sure the user is inside the specified htpasswd file name
run an arbitrary replacement function on any urls matching the static file directory
using conv2d with a single input channel
perform post - indexing tasks :
display a repo from .
sets user specified settings
reconstitute an : class : . orderinglist .
returns the only one key and its value from a dictionary .
return a random id for javascript fields .
export method to a jpg file format
get the windowview
run a command in - place on a file .
helper to add a product to the basket .
get the repository constructor .
get parent path of current python binary .
add a connection between two nodes
generate a single descriptor file to python .
test multipolar moment basis calculation using sensor information .
list the features available on the system
concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator
parses an error element .
escape some character or utf - 8 byte data for inclusion in the top level of an attribute .
strips any international prefix present in the number provided , normalizes the resulting number , and indicates if an international prefix was present .
creates a function prototype for the osr routines that take the osrspatialreference object and
request that azure spin up a new instance
used by other refactorings
the rosenbrock function .
list all repositories within the organization .
return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider .
this function does a reverse search in a text using a regular expression given in the attribute pattern .
return notification packet
returns all non - degenerate versions of a given primer sequence .
convert one - hot representation into one column .
validate and return a string for option of type password
returns true if a 404 at the given url * shouldnt * notify the site managers .
main function for ml method .
returns list of ssh key filenames for the current env . host _ string .
reset metadata _ version ( client build id ) hash .
takes a format string and returns a list of 2 - tuples of the form where boolean says whether string should be evaled or not .
validate the object name .
decorate a method as the reconstructor hook .
create a continuous random variable with a log - normal distribution .
helper to run an action on many resources .
builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node depending on its relation to other nodes in the tree .
delegate to the most efficient string formatting technique based on the length of the array .
switch to databases dedicated to this worker .
compute drop log stats .
dynamically construct json schema for the provided resource from the parameters metadata .
simple function to return if host is netbsd or not
replace all occurrences of find with replacement in the _ list .
retrieve servers networking information from neutron if enabled .
mount the given root , start the builtin server , then block .
return a symbolic vector variable .
define & return a directive class generated from directive _ fn .
upload the snapshotted vm disk file to glance image server .
create a style object from the given config _ string .
test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get _ sun match
welcome to str inception .
set the media that will be used by the media _ player .
non - existant tm in the server
create a lookup table from linear mapping of word2vec into rnn word space
list resources in a package directory within a particular subdirectory .
given an accept - language header , return the best - matching language .
resolve the full hash for committish , if it exists .
get attributes recursively .
ensure that we are running as root .
ensure id is unique in set of ids .
collects necessary info and dumps it to disk .
this function adds assert nodes that check if shape is a valid convolution shape .
the review type for a file that doesnt need approval is none .
stochastic gradient descent updates
parse a timestamp into a datetime object .
a weak version of wraps that only copies doc
get the keywords needed to look up the version information .
create a znc compatible hashed password
get list of possible host names and convention names .
return an bounding box for a projected tile .
print a list of leads
command : goto error
return a list of length bits corresponding to the binary value of n with small bits to the right .
return available datacenter locations
store arrays in hdf5 file
calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . io .
return a list of tags whose names contain a given string .
convert a string into a token type : : > > > string _ to _ token
make sure that the instructor specified is actually an instructor for the given course .
compute the katz centrality for the graph g .
get unique ft _ library handle
open a persistent dictionary for reading and writing .
helper to return a list of times for topomaps .
loads arrays or pickled objects from . npy , . npz or pickled file .
adds implementation of private helper methods to cls .
helper to get writer session
get all floating ips by host .
creates the extension setting for a list of feed items .
return the minimum supported volume size , in bytes , defined as an environment variable or 1gib if the variable is not set .
runs evaluation in a loop , and logs summaries to tensorboard .
private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object .
generate nodes in strongly connected components of graph .
get the repository constructor .
makes a courselocator from org , number and run
add an expandable set of tabs for a sites inventory tasks
upper limit on a poisson count rate
draw the rainbow
check whether functions are orthonormal
find all decoders and map decoder to import . path . decoder expect common prefix to start with basepath
generate a self - signed certificate
get the number of leading bits that are same for two numbers .
escape a url including any / .
outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
make a nested loop over several arrays and associate specific code to each level of nesting .
command line argument parsing and main script execution .
return str of variable type .
batch download a set of layers
find all the tests under name .
take an aff4 path and download all files in it to output _ dir .
flask - appbuilder package version
define a l2loss , useful for regularize , i . e . weight decay .
get default value for naming _ series property
return a list of the vms that are on the provider , with select fields
returns a clip that plays the current clip in an infinite loop .
returns search path for ca bundle for the current os .
rest controller for cap area
compute functional decomposition of f .
stops all process instances of a google app engine application on this machine .
restful crud controller
translates a passed in string of an ipv4 address to an ipv6 address .
remove the instance _ group _ metadata table .
decompresses a list of strings compressed by prefix _ encode ( ) .
the gunicorn command line runner for launching gunicorn with generic wsgi applications .
fill in a synthetic user id for a user properties .
helper function for : func : _ symbolic _ factor .
stop any matching containers that are running .
simulates a single session of a users history .
close the interactive window , allowing it to be re - created on demand .
computes the akaike information criterion assuming that the observations are gaussian distributed .
concatenate the given sequences into a list .
returns a list of versions for a given server .
get the custom setuptools / distutils subclasses used by versioneer .
break up long line and return result .
call the function * container * with a generator function corresponding to the calling * n * times the functions present in * seq _ func * .
copy file only if newer as target or if target does not exist .
returns list of distinct translations .
enable / disable proper download thread
unpack multiple sets rars of rar files from workdir to workdir _ complete .
parse a content - range header into .
print web page
remove file from filesystem
gzip flask response decorator .
extract errors from bootstrap stderr .
pdch assignment command section 9 . 1 . 13a
return all known example workflows .
translate a shell - style glob pattern to a regular expression .
return the name used when the kinto . core resource was registered along its viewset .
builds a dictionary of equivalences between inner inputs based on the equivalence of their corresponding outer inputs .
adds a send feedback email task into the task queue .
returns tuple of tab navigation for the log pages .
generates metrics with the most cached values first and applies a soft rate limit on new metrics
finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters .
leaving it blank should never work .
this function takes a rarefaction file and converts it into an array
sends an invitation to the given name and email from inviter _ email .
verify if chost variable contains a value in make . conf
check if remote host is vulnerable to heartbleed
generate a set of points in a nxm grid .
wait to see query saved .
returns the center of the given list of vectors .
converts a string to binary string
checks a function that returns a geometry .
enum _ specifier : enum lbrace enumerator _ list rbrace
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
unique a seq and keep its original order
add a test case via a class decorator .
return a : class : matplotlib . rcparams instance from the default matplotlib rc file .
main entry point for glances .
clears a set of task instances , but makes sure the running ones get killed .
reads a random integer of approximately nbits bits .
loader that can read the js subset the indexer produces .
parse a date in yyyy / mm / dd hh : mm : ss ttt format
auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
return relevant information from the cgi environment .
decorator that connects to a target system using the proxy details and passes the connection to the decorated function .
convert a number field to a python number .
format a libvirt cpu range specification .
save keywords to geoserver
strongly inspired from idlelib . colordelegator . make _ pat
set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any .
get a namespace by id , raise if not found
return a dict with all * deployed * filebrowser sites that have a given app _ name .
reap all registered processes .
this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid
clears the user info cookie from the requestor , logging them out .
only load if elementtree xml library is available .
returns the logical and between two masks .
return true if there are any different elements in seq .
get the current conditions and a 4 - day forecast for a location
swap the list elements .
do a cmp - style comparison on two packages .
sends a head request like requests . head ( ) .
a non - greedy collection of terms with similar number coefficients in an add expr .
rotate x left n bits circularly .
returns a string to display for a course or course overview .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
parse swift _ conf _ file and reset module level global constraint attrs , populating override _ constraints and effective _ constraints along the way .
make sure a valid parser is passed .
built in callback function used by thread classes for printing status
handle the safe serializion of sessions objects ( these contain hidden references to database objects so they cant be safely serialized ) .
check for modified / updated unit files , and run a daemon - reload if any are found .
returns root url of current site with domain .
update global settings when qwebsettings changed .
returns the composition of all passed functions , similar to the mathematical dot .
generates an iterator of all sentences from a cfg .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
assert optional dependencies proxied via this module are available at runtime .
start watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect URL
activity group types : restful crud controller
implements the non - monotone line search of grippo et al .
convert a number to a raw string .
return a list of tuples , that can connect the two nodes .
this configures the hostnames stored in the config .
capitalize a string , making sure to treat - as a word seperator
list topics for a project .
encode pool into host info .
gets a virtual interface from the table .
get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link .
find the appengine - api - * . jar and its version .
builds an asn1value object generically , or using a spec with optional params
signin using email or username with password .
aux function for permutation _ t _ test .
change the amount of memory allocated to vm .
return the targets from the flat yaml file , checks opts for location but defaults to / etc / salt / roster
handles suggestion deleting / accepting .
make sure the c reader doesnt segfault when the header for the first column is missing [ # 3545 ]
clone the given expression structure , allowing modifications by visitors .
checks whether user can ignore check .
get a cluster that matches the criteria .
compute the pseudo - inverse of a matrix .
a post - hook for the subclass
directory tree generator .
unload named plugin ( s ) .
this tag tries to get the default avatar for a user without doing any db requests .
creates a densenet model in lasagne .
assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst .
replace long name keys by their 4 - char counterparts , and check
return a dict of the last function called for all minions
return a : class : qpainterpath of a pretty looking arrow .
removes any existing fragment from url .
check if we already post processed a file
return c + + code for a function that reduces a contiguous buffer .
run networkx tests .
initialize or update a grr configuration .
only work on posix - like systems
builds a sequenceexample proto for an image - caption pair .
gets the feed item ids used by a campaign through a given campaign feed .
perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices .
add given tenant to the flavor access list .
delete values from consul
the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
catch any exception raised through server communication .
determine the default cache location
outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 - > 14 . 7k
find minimum x value from four vertices .
creates a file , called package _ index , in the virtual environment directory that contains all the pip packages installed in the virtual environment .
decorator to notify owner of actions taken on their dags by others
provides better ordering of widgets .
safely download to a file from ftp .
the conditional mood is used to talk about possible or imaginary situations .
run statement under profiler , supplying your own globals and locals , optionally saving results in filename .
get transformed paths by key .
validates if a list contains all numbers or all strings
this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
error checking for unary / binary predicate functions .
returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links to flatpages .
parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
installs the gettext function as the default translation function under the name _ .
sends a message on a topic and wait for a response .
load execution modules
save the load for a given job id
creates the vocabulary of word to word _ id .
return an integer that is the shared key .
register an openid .
returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run .
get adb binary path
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
return the index where to insert item x in list a , assuming a is sorted .
similar behaviour as pythons map .
a decorator to declare that only the first n arguments my be positional .
builds a codeobj summary by identifying and resovles used names > > > code = . . .
return status code plus status text descriptive message
get the evaluated link value .
used by various item _ * . py classes for automating datastructure boilerplate .
find the requested bookmark in the specified repo
create the test databases .
a callback for query completion notification .
download software from apt
modify a services parameters .
create a network interface
get command xml element from supplied xml root .
convert a notebook src .
left - aligns the value in a field of a given width .
the os / 2 emx port has optional extension modules that do double duty as dlls for other extensions .
ensure that a named language is absent in the specified database .
return a copy of response that supports browser response interface .
check astropy model eval against wcslib eval
remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
generator function that yields a module object for each installed app yields tuples of
take an ir . action . act _ window and follow it until a report is produced
encode a single character .
add loop to the pixel table .
create a new genericimagemodeljob
volunteer programme hours controller - used for imports & reports
a decorator for connecting receivers to signals .
encode a mapping type .
deep copy the given clauseelement , annotating each element with the " _ orm _ adapt " flag .
when given mixed - state keys , require ( ) aborts
returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
loads pcoa files from filepaths
given a url , return an : class : . connectionpool instance of its host .
join two dataframes on particular columns with hash join
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
similar to : func : . prompt , but return an asyncio coroutine instead .
returns a new subclass of tuple with named fields .
check if host has the ipv6 support and is configured to bind ipv6 address to new interfaces by default .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure or from locations inferred from the staticfiles finders .
performs the affine cipher encryption on plaintext msg , and returns the ciphertext .
run a remote command as the root user .
return a * safe * weak reference to a callable target
parses a single html element ; it is an error if there is more than one element , or if anything but whitespace precedes or follows the element .
cusum test for parameter stability based on ols residuals
get a group or raise if it does not exist .
sends a signal to your system to indicate that the computer is in use and should not sleep .
returns the results of running glob rooted in the directory root .
single notification function
render form errors to a bootstrap layout
parse the date string according to the format in format .
return the line graph l of the digraph g .
get an objects inheritance .
get rotationmatrix by polar and polarlength .
update options with default values .
common check to enforce type and sanity check on size tuples
validate process with given pid is running with provided parameters
context manager to ensure we are using a handle .
get arguments from cli
cdef fused my _ fused _ type :
clean out well - known bogus values
displays current file name
return the logical line corresponding to the result .
record an activity
constructs a keyczar keyset , passing the specified arguments to the
function that wraps the f0 detection function twm , selecting the possible f0 candidates and calling the function twm with them pfreq , pmag : peak frequencies and magnitudes , ef0max : maximum error allowed , minf0 , maxf0 : minimum and maximum f0 f0t : f0 of previous frame if stable returns f0 : fundamental frequency in hz
given a beets query string as a list of components , return the query and sort they represent .
a shell - like cp , supporting wildcards .
get the evaluator .
render the ssh settings page .
computes the mann - whitney statistic
clean out minionss return data for old jobs .
knapsack with repetition
pass query string as the query to mapbox reverse geocoding api .
filter values for get _ platform ( )
decorator turning a function into a task webhook .
create some sort of filer file from the given upload data
convert a binary string to hex escape format
returns first position where string1 and string2 differ .
computes lcm of two polynomials using groebner bases .
return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth - first - search starting at source .
filter all availabe live streams for given json and room name .
parses format string .
filter values for get _ platform ( )
take a list of files / modules / packages and return the list of tuple which have to be actually checked
prompts the user to enter admin username / password and otp code .
check if locale is valid .
get the fqdn of this machine .
encodes a python value for prov
gets the state for the application
returns a class from a string including module and class .
a decorator to ensure a context for the cuda subsystem
convert a basestring to unicode
surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root " data " element , to prevent having a document with multiple roots once parsed separately .
reorder test _ databases into an order that honors the dependencies described in test [ dependencies ] .
manage options of block device name
return a predicate representing whether * value * is equal to either zero or nan .
list all visible artifacts
returns data retrieved from the url provider .
queries all viewpoints followed by the current user .
makes an envs dict suitable for unifrac from an abundance matrix abund _ mtx is samples by seqs numpy 2d array sample _ names is a list , length = num rows taxon _ names is a list , length = num columns
list of collections , as used on the user profile page
initialize the postgresql data directory name
restful crud controller
change the scripts cwd if it was started inside the script folder .
tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
decodes a bytearray from serialization
this sends the email to the user
raises lwtexception if it looks like a failed lwt request .
returns the list of directories to be used for library search paths .
process a single subpath in a i1k tar .
default expiry date based on the expire offset
returns text with escaped whitespace replaced through whitespaces .
disable dhcp for a network if dhcp is still active .
return a unique slug name for a service
refresh the current line .
sets the date on which the account expires .
helper to get the negative spherical harmonic from a positive one .
looks up security group , subnet and returns arguments to pass into ec2 . run _ instances ( ) including user data
load a module and retrieve a reference to that module .
level 4 : require a django admin
a filter to return the url for the provided resolution of the thumbnail .
get the current ioloop
return the application data directory .
add selected song nums to saved playlist .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ diff _ in .
remove keys that arent serialized .
collect all css definitions
the whole information related to the specified vulnerability id
cross product convenience wrapper for vector . cross ( ) :
initialize a home assistant server .
test cloning a git repository from a non - editable url which contains " dev " string
helper for dataset presence .
get the redis options from salt .
the dashboard page of admin site .
merge a folder into another .
recursively convert dict keys and values to byte str
download a working copy of the remote subversion repository directory or file cwd
remove role from user user : string username role : string role name
returns a sorteddict containing form fields for the given model .
frequency scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq : frequencies of input sinusoidal tracks freqscaling : scaling factors , in time - value pairs returns ysfreq : frequencies of output sinusoidal tracks
create a new class that is the sky offset frame for a specific class of origin frame .
update the flow database from log files
creates the q ( ) object .
returns the currency of the default company
set share permission .
gevent monkey patch keeps a list of all patched modules .
returns the zone that the gce instance running this code is running within .
adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function .
check that the icrs barycenter goes to about the right distance from various ~ geocentric frames
exracts an oauth request token from the servers response .
return the path to the scripts , in both dev and install situations .
restful crud controller for the sms outbox - all sent sms are visible here
build and return an argumentparser .
parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable
check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot
returns the state of a taskinstance at the command line .
float range test .
formats the outputs according to the flags use _ list and use _ tuple .
makes increasing ohlc sticks _ make _ increasing _ ohlc ( ) and _ make _ decreasing _ ohlc separate the increasing trace from the decreasing trace so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in
date / time format according to iso 8601
provides elevation data sampled along a path on the surface of the earth .
decorator to annotate functions we will tell logging not to log .
this function changes the menu class to put pressed appearance
given a valid config , create an event rule .
helper function to format line numbers properly .
find position at the matching start of current expression .
shortcut for the common case of a lazy callable that returns str .
generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding
used in gf _ csolve to generate solutions of f ( x ) cong 0 mod ( p * * ) from the solutions of f ( x ) cong 0 mod .
load images from a relative path .
convert a single line of the garbled vote text
expected simple _ two _ params _ _ doc _ _
add a handler to the internal cleanup list using a weak reference .
escape the given string
to align with treebanks , return a list of " chunks " , where a chunk is a sequence of tokens that are separated by whitespace in actual strings .
construct a map that can be used to compress nf .
main program when invoked as a script .
upgrade all packages .
for a * * celestial * * wcs returns pixel area of the image pixel at the crpix location once it is projected onto the " plane of intermediate world coordinates " as defined in greisen & calabretta 2002 , a & a , 395 , 1061 _ .
return a list of the images that are on the provider
method to encode streams using the lzw algorithm
list the versions available for the given policy .
deal with indexing in the middle of a data block .
a lazy version of : func : gettext .
identify desirable cpu topologies based for given constraints .
check if a binary and args is whitelisted .
visualize every columns of the weight matrix to a group of greyscale img .
a file upload can be updated into the post dictionary .
validates the value of a validator field .
connect to amazon cloudwatch logs
replaces a stream with a stringio during the test , then restores after .
marks the value as a string that should not be auto - escaped .
setup the dht sensor .
r ^ 2 regression score function .
consume all log entries from logger iterator .
apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . conf of the repository being updated .
coerce to integer .
return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary .
given a set of reference values and a set of test values , return the f - measure of the test values , when compared against the reference values .
loads the torch serialized object at the given url .
returns get data .
add log event for commit from webhook payload .
function used for unpickling proxy objects .
returns a human - readable message when permission _ code is not met by the current context .
annoy the log about unsupported drivers .
check if a mysql database exists .
supports the command - line arguments listed below .
queries viewpoint metadata , as well as associated followers and episodes .
add the enabled authentication backends to the template context .
check whether any country access rules block the user from enrollment .
returns the digit value assigned to the unicode character uni _ char as integer .
setup the rfxtrx component .
allowed values : new , refurbished , or used
set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase
main entry point .
return true if the given resource exists
create a list of file ref objects to reconcile
fail unless the rpm file at rpm _ path has all the expected _ requirements .
return a mysql cursor
parse the command line for options
tries to find more initial conditions by substituting the initial value point in the differential equation .
apply monkey patch to exec _ command
get inset geometryoutput .
returns a dictionary with the following keys :
this function checks to see if a special file .
determine if a course has html certificates enabled .
helper function to return a url pattern for serving static files .
run doctests with py . test
get the odbc options from salt .
setup the homematic switch platform .
renders the storage account table details .
find a maximum single - commodity flow using boykov - kolmogorov algorithm .
read 16bit integer from bti file .
allocate a new openssl memory bio .
return the first configured instance .
this is the : math : evolutionary algorithm .
find the truth value for a property of an object .
ensure that val is one of the acceptable types , converting it if needed .
when given mixed - state keys , require ( ) prints missing keys only
helper function for generating docstrings related to scales .
get a single task object
do a cmp - style comparison on two packages .
calculate a forward solution for a subject .
return a list of random items .
render a subcommand for human - centric viewing
create only one instance of each distinct tuple
get a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
return the full path to system . map
extracts list of variables within input and output nodes via dfs travesal
this method gives you the most recently * completed * audit period .
function to select first two pages , last two pages and pages around currently selected page to show in pagination bar .
return a list of user names that contain a string .
checks for python2 . 6 or python2 . 7
helper for mayavi .
return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase
check for feincms specific set of allowed front end languages .
given day and time strings , return the timestamp in utc , or none if parsing failed .
output the graph for latex .
fetches an image from google cloud storage .
returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [ 0 , 1 ) .
parse a locale identifier into a tuple of the form .
converts an ordinal character value in the range of 0 - 9 , a - z , a - z , - , _ to a number in the range of 0 - 63 .
parse servers list into dict format
high order sequences that alternate elements .
reduce elems using fn to combine them from left to right .
generate sort keys according to the passed in sort key from user .
return upscaled image array
handle simple domains , e . g . : zz , qq , rr and algebraic domains .
read settings for program from configuration file specified by options [ " config " ] , with missing values provided by defaults .
compute source space induced power in given frequency bands .
convert a string in us / eastern time to utc
used by conf ( ) to break config lines into name / value pairs
helper function for flattening iterables of generators in a sensible way .
search for a file to be used by nltk .
construct main app and run it
decorator that calls urlresolvers . reverse ( ) to return a url using parameters returned by the decorated function " func " .
get the list of vagrant base boxes
support legacy pages configuration
converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object .
restful crud controller
create an hdf5 file
clean javascript in a html source string .
formstyle for foundation 5 themes : URL - labels above the inputs
display pootle version info
returns true if the string was written using special methods ,
completes given worksheet from given dataset .
run commands using vagrant
generate the token substitution for metrics related fields .
find rel = " homepage " and rel = " download " links in page , yielding urls
generate an rsa key with the specified bit length .
main view for map resources , dispatches to correct view based on method and query args .
uploads an object , specifying a custom encryption key .
converts to lowercase , removes non - word characters and converts spaces to hyphens .
parse input arguments
empty subscribers dictionary .
calculate name of authorized keys file , optionally creating the directories and file , properly setting permissions .
numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane .
set up log levels , and split verbose logs to a file
get a list of pipeline ids and names for all pipelines .
returns true / false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
displays the nmap scan result contained in record .
reset the cache completely .
populates a protobuf model from a dictionary .
convert a value to uppercase .
get the number of available video subtitles .
sort the children of elem
flatten a tensor .
unicode quick ratio
finds the most appropriate error stream for the application .
create a project ref from the provided domain ref .
create an openvz container .
add a cycle to the graph g .
ensure the data pipeline exists with matching definition .
ensure that the named index template is absent
try to remove a directory safely , even on nfs filesystems .
create a custom in - memory subclass of logfilemonitormixin .
creates and writes the edge , node , props , and stats files for the network
checks to see if a course is properly configured for an entrance exam
support for django custom user models
get an arc around a loop .
return a tree for the cix content in the given path .
check if the node contains a tag of a given kind .
handle different image formats , returning tuple
setup a simple client with curve auth
parses a target address spec and returns the path from the root of the repo to this target and target name .
given a user , a permission , an object and another object to check permissions against , return true if the user has perm on obj .
create a new vm from _ file : string json file to create the vm from - - if present , all other options will be ignored kwargs : string | int | . . .
return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge / device .
a decorator which makes apibuilder tests not fail because of intermittent network failures - - mamely , apibuilder being unable to get the " object inventory " of other projects .
checks if the provided string is hex encoded > > > ishexencodedstring
serialize image to bytestring in the specified format .
save resources key / value pair to database .
given two datetime . datetimes , returns the total difference between them .
evaluate globs in directory paths and return all matching directories
create a regular expression at runtime which should match ignoring the addition or deletion of white space or line breaks , unless between commas
uses command line arguments , or prompts user for token values .
write g in gexf format to path .
packs soap input into the format we want for suds .
send schedule change in session
gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline .
render a template from a python source file
generate a list of pairs for testing
create a qpainterpath shape from the path drawn with pen .
this routine computes the stationary distribution of an irreducible
restful crud controller
trains a given yaml file .
converted the passed in value to a datetime object with tzinfo .
displays the login form and handles the login action .
checkout a cache of sympy
get the character encoding of the xml document http _ headers is a dictionary xml _ data is a raw string
update global settings when qwebsettings changed .
resets the db contents .
set the base hostname for cover art archive requests .
get a single resource class .
function used to disable cuda .
for critical warning output to stderr .
expose c as an alias of g in templates for backwards compatibility
handle a single . fits file , returning the count of checksum and compliance errors .
setup the homematic light platform .
return list of package information .
parse a config . h - style file .
wraps a function or object to produce a delayed .
load a list of dictionaries representing the options in a given mrjob . conf for a specific runner , resolving includes .
strip the provided name from tag names .
mill a gcode linear move file .
when a circuittermination has been modified , update the last _ updated time of its parent circuit .
return a set of subfolders for a path on a datastore .
create a websocket url from components .
returns a tuple of the django version .
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression period id
starts a production ready wsgi server .
transfers user from http session to channel session .
decorator factory to track state changes for entity id .
given an amqp spec parsed into an xml . etree . elementree , and a file - like out object to write to , generate the skeleton of a python module .
load tuples from an ordered list of dotted - notation modules which contain a uri _ rewrites function uri _ rewrites should accept a list of rewrites and returns an augmented list of rewrites : this allows the addition of , for example , the greedy behavior of the gist and github providers
returns the ordering of the elements of x .
displays score in center of screen
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
reset state ready for new template
make any necessary type conversions to a query parameter .
pack parts into a ssh key blob .
estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
generate a new user on the edx platform with a random username and password , and associates that account with the lti identity .
find what file a repo is called in .
clear entries from backlog .
perform any argument value coercion necessary for ssl client parameters .
parse xfsrestore output keyset elements .
returns number of cpu cores based on / proc / cpuinfo
determines if a given datetime . datetime is aware .
run the tidy command - line program on the given html string .
print the usage information .
convert a list to a dictionary
lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series .
read an index file , yielding the individual entries .
return matrix to scale by factor around origin in direction .
call a paster command .
function used by scan to parse the tree and figure out which nodes it needs to replace .
formats the viewing of code and errors
helper function to convert volume information from
estimate the full covariance matrices .
the restful handler for cohort setting requests .
a wrapper around the actual upload view function to clean up the temporary file afterwards .
compare value1 and value2 after rounding them according to the given precision .
returns a dict of new license ids , keyed by package id .
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a c { l { matchfirst } } for best performance .
extract the program run by a shell command .
return the names of all static arguments to the given function .
a decorator ensuring no temporary file left when the function return
returns a list of urls parsed from the string .
returns a propertygroup definition for the specified properties .
runs one instance of the api server .
list all vms search : string filter vms , see the execution module verbose : boolean print additional information about the vm
return the processor architecture .
return the themes path , which equals the themes name .
set the host entry in the hosts file for the given ip , this will overwrite any previous entry for the given ip . .
make sure the header is an unicode string .
find repeats in arr and return a tuple .
implements hadoop fs - lsr .
common logic for running shell commands in containers path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc
scan the given python content and return code intelligence data conforming the the code intelligence xml format .
parse _ _ property _ _ queries .
associate a sql expression with a particular type , without rendering cast .
generates and submits * num _ submissions *
renders a page
some platforms put things in lib64 / pythonx . y instead of lib / pythonx . y .
convert copysource param for copyobject / uploadpartcopy .
build a file set from a specified python modules .
relying on todds thrift - 546 patch , this function adds a string representation of an enum to an object that contains only the integer version .
returns a summary of available updates , grouped into their non - mutually exclusive categories .
generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
sends an api request to ohloh and returns the resulting xml tree or raises an exception if an error occurred .
set kernel variables .
update the local config cache from memcache / datastore .
require the apache http server to be installed and running .
waits for either user input or a specific number of seconds .
takes a home or away json entry and converts it to a list of drive objects .
return the number of positive composite numbers less than or equal to n .
returns a list of time zones to which a phone number belongs .
same as a is not b .
constructs a dense orthogonal matrix .
calculate matrix similarities .
recursively removes keys from a list or dict .
get tox environment from the current python version .
create a cuda event .
check if setup scripts have changed .
helper for tr5 and tr6 to replace f * * 2 with h
takes a package name and version specification and checks it using the pip library .
install a color formatter on the logger .
loads a template and renders it with the current context .
initialize external projects by putting them into the path
locate and return a role function from its language - dependent name , along with a list of system messages .
check path for windows drive letter .
computes the root mean squared error .
generate all the opcodes in a pickle .
produces the final resized carousel images
validate the document _ class option .
increment link count in the idx column for the given document
create a new in - game object .
check if user is allowed to view stats for addon .
profile the decorated function , storing the profile output in / tmp
determine the correct page name for the given app .
kotanchek benchmark function .
determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content .
helper function for searching keys from keyserver
sort sequences by the cluster size from mapping seqs : seqs as iterator or list of mapping : cluster mapping as dict
helper to easily define string ranges for use in word construction .
run simple standalone tlssni01 server .
create a new task in the designated location .
project redirects view and form view
prints out a blobs access control list for a given user .
widen the preface gcode text .
returns the current domains that can bypass the proxy network _ service
remove a backup .
predict the i - > j noe position based on self peak assignments
processes the host information and stores a copy
stringify time in iso 8601 format .
disable a server globally
execute a remote execution command
returns the top - level qiime directory
an approximation of sigmoid .
for exception handling outside of a web context
retrieve a set of public keys from github for the specified list of users .
require the / af / tutorial / tutorial . po store .
add simplified path to fill .
parse a request - uri into .
calibration measurement for a set of predictions .
finds blobs in the given grayscale image .
compare local with remote branch with git diff .
displays the facts gathered during the connection .
returns the most recent version available on github
store a new session ticket and the according master key for future use .
just here for your convenience , actual logic is in the
returns a dict of option objects , keyed by option . id , given the lines in a config file .
format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargspec .
run proxy on the specified port .
return c { name } encoded in utf8 .
render a bootstrap glyphicon icon
capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments , optionally configured by the passed keyword arguments .
return the preferred certificate bundle .
check if shop wizard has visible panes that require merchant configuration .
return a metadata dictionary for the instance .
casts to float ; handles auto value as well .
return the subgraph centrality for each node of g .
return the partition size and memory used for processname
writes the given parameter config into the config file .
compares against max _ enrollment _ instr _ buttons to determine if course enrollment is considered small .
checks if the given directory is a buildbot worker or a master and returns the appropriate run function .
add a blank choice to the beginning of a choices list .
gets the user executing the process
search for release groups and return a dict with a release - group - list key .
this function instanticates an appropriate openflow message class from the given json style dictionary .
takes edx - search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page .
step response of continuous - time system .
get the sysservices types that can be configured .
wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function , restoring normal keyboard / screen behavior on error .
convert string into a keyword set .
directly call a salt command in the modules , does not require a running salt minion to run .
check source code with pyflakes
this function preprocesses a file or url for a configuration file , processing all includes and substituting all variables .
parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time - zone aware datetime object .
this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value from the given ticks value .
used to provide the list of sites for an organisation - used in user registration & assets
check whether pid exists in the current process table .
no changes to the image properties table from 002 . . .
convert between two sequence file formats , return number of records .
hash the contents of all the files and directories in path _ list .
register a function as a builtin helper method .
provided for backwards compatibility .
get the list of available tours , or the your given by index
filters out results based on filter _ words name : name to check words : string of words separated by a , or list of words
page through text on a text terminal .
return the diff for an oid
manage data collection questions
event handler that get triggered on every successful request
return eq and a dictionary containing the mapping between the old and new symbols .
return a string representing time in seconds since epoch , t .
get a keypair by name .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
determine the local directory that a given repository is in .
coalesce options dictionary according to types dictionary .
pre - processes release files .
install symbolic links determining default commands
logs http traffic to the output file
determine if the three complex points form a line .
do any platform - specific customization of a ccompiler instance .
attaches the function as a method with the given name to the given object .
receives the item _ deleted signal sent by studio when an xblock is removed from the course structure and removes any gating milestone data associated with it or its descendants .
run each line of a shell script ; raise an exception if any line returns a nonzero value .
start an instance .
returns a list of all qos _ specs .
function to handle any exception that is not addressed explicitly .
shortens a string to a repeatable mangled version with the given length .
apply a prefix to each line in s after the first .
test tfr io capacities .
run half of the tests to help travis go faster .
determines how " significant " an album metadata change would be .
return the current offset to utc in hours .
test tf beamforming based on dics
run an x11 client on a node
wait for a topology to discover a writable server .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
generate kernel _ arg _ type metadata
add a comment to the end of the line at location .
this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised .
enable or disable the lock on the compilation directory .
invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate _ statuses .
expose this function via the api but dont dump the results to json .
determine number trials such that at least one outlier - free subset is sampled for the given inlier / outlier ratio .
return only the integer part of a string .
convert c { bytes } to a native c { str } .
posts entity records to a remote endpoint over http .
create an inventory dictionary from the given source file or a default inventory .
activate a swap disk . .
make a copy of an existing snapshot .
clear the plugin state to the default , i . e . , where no plugins are loaded
check if a process is running with the given pid .
obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file .
test that a rollout follows our desired format .
send cadf notification to inform observers about the affected resource .
quote a string for use in a cookie header .
creates a dispatch based com object .
parses any kind of ignorable statement that is allowed in . pxd files .
provides a shortcut combining : class : diagramgrid and
find images with empty alt
displays the current date
determine whether to add the tagtype to the output or not .
decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
carve a gnu triangulated surface file .
write conditional formatting to xml .
returns the url to the course about page .
return true if the tag is mutable in this context .
gets the specified redis connection
error checking on routines that should not return 0 .
calculates the durbin - watson statistic
converts a numeric state identifier to a string .
attempt to comment out all lines in filename matching regex .
find a package .
helper to generate user cert subject .
only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value
direct _ declarator : id
turns a normalized byte string into a long - int
parse yum / dnf output retrieving the name , version , etc . , and return a list of pkginfo namedtuples .
same as + a .
tests that a matrix of gaussian samples 1 ) has the right shape 2 ) is not binary 3 ) converges to the right mean
generate line pixel coordinates .
flags a method as deprecated .
create table from combination of fields and first row of data .
restore the default rc params .
batch normalization function with fixed statistics .
initilize nupic logging by reading in from the logging configuration file .
return a positive dataset transformed by a box - cox power transformation .
performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg , and returns the ciphertext .
setup the arest sensor .
converts a recipe id into a beaker path for the watchdog
list the files that belong to a package .
uses the porter stemming algorithm to remove suffixes from english words .
returns a bool whether or not this node is a hypervisor of any kind
returns a form field for a db . geoptproperty .
used to filter unrelated output around module json output , like messages from tcagetattr , or where dropbear spews motd on every single command .
update export client list
update a single user / profile field
many editors will silently add a newline to the final line of a document .
list storage volumes search _ opts
cleans up the args that werent passed in
return a previous task of the same family .
escape string for use within a regular expression .
a simple dialogue allowing write access to the file system .
get the carving for the xml file .
asciihexdecode filter : pdfreference v1 . 4 section 3 . 3 . 1
update an inventory already on the provider .
determine email recipients mainly based on communicationthreadcc .
fuse selections with lower operation .
restore all rc params to default settings .
return of port or raises resourcenotfound
check if user has certain special access , specified as string .
provide the programs entry point when directly executed .
if holiday falls on saturday , use day before instead ; if holiday falls on sunday , use day thereafter instead .
determines whether smart can be used .
test transformation on coordinates with array content
constructs a diff from object _ a to object _ b
decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
running a backup
format the given jid components into a full or bare jid .
decorator that checks the resulting lists of numpy and cupys one are equal .
read a data string
helper method that filters a list of user _ partitions and returns just the ones that are suitable for the split _ test module .
return basic fields for a cluster .
unlock file f using lockf and dot locking .
filter non - zero features of data according to a certain combining function
custom compare function which compares full absolute file paths just using the file name .
get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html ; a single newline becomes an html line break ( ) and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break ( ) .
event handlers can return special values .
return a guess at a good number of streams .
instruments the given methods on the given object to verify that the total sum of calls made to the methods falls between minumum _ calls and maximum _ calls .
pause the named vm
loads the app with the provided fully qualified name , and returns the model module .
test verifying user using verify _ user function that has an allauth . emailaddress object but is not yet verified
return the user name of the currently loggen in user as a unicode string .
determine if the given node has abstract methods .
utility function for creating enumerations in python
convert an uri to a os specific path .
it returns a generator with the data for each read .
chomp any " + git . foo " commit offset string from the given version and return the modified version string .
calculate a prewitt filter .
tests the users system to see which hdmi _ boost figure should be used .
return the current request .
returns the base form of the word when counting words in count ( ) .
returns the environment variables java application servers uses .
single knowledge folder view page
renders an entry in the dashboard sidebar .
dump running sessions for a module .
when the executables are clicked directly in the ui , we must let the user know that they have to install the program as a service instead of running it directly .
remove the named file or directory
takes an apiresponse and returns an httpresponse .
casts a value to a pointer of a pointer
adds a single tap .
sets unusable password on reset .
fills the array with n , n - 1 , n - 2 and so on
test that cookies are saved correctly .
run flake8 against all py files
if " uniquifier " is an int or long , then assumes that there is no server _ id component needed to make the asset id unique .
checks if language is trusted for db
run a distutils setup script , sandboxed in its directory
validates given slug depending on settings .
fit a single binary estimator .
determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
run windows only tests
save variables to . npy file .
return a unique id for a pair , suitable for inserting into e . g . personalized survey links .
gets the current page from a request object .
common link making code for several helper functions
check if a module exists on the system .
regroups a list of alike objects by a common attribute .
a node tuple for obj . attr
build multipart message with in - line images .
iterates over a file returning multiple phd records .
return a titlecased version of the value .
set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin
set aesthetic parameters in one step .
pass me an object and , optionally , a file object .
default billing / shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing / shipping address fields is submitted .
returns the posted speed limit for given road segments .
asserts the current environment is suitable for running aws testsi .
fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places .
current system time in milliseconds
remove the xml namespace from the elements children .
tries to extract a country calling code from a number .
returns the extension for this target , including the dot
combines an error string and usage string into a regular format , so they all look consistent .
decode a single key , value pair .
get the capitalized name .
generate code specific to the construction of the sklearn pipeline
if we are in debug mode , just output a single style tag for each css file .
json pretty printed and indented
deletes an index
callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing mean color .
transforms exceptions that can come from both volumes and snapshots .
returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
combine list - like of categorical - like , unioning categories .
returns true if subdomaincallingformat can be used . . . mostly
returns true if all the paths have the same leading path name
this pipeline step sets the " logged in " cookie for authenticated users .
return the first positional argument .
get all group snapshots .
write a channel information record to a fif file .
tries to copy packages from an old virtual environment in the cache to the new virtual environment .
initialize a new game directory named dirname at the current path .
return a list of valid os - versions for the given breed
context manager to temporarily freeze time . time ( ) .
return a dict of the settings that have been overridden
internal method for splitting a prefixed element name into its respective parts
parse the json token response body into a dict .
yields a tuple per every output location of task .
analysis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size , t : threshold in negative db , nh : maximum number of harmonics , minf0 : minimum f0 frequency in hz , maxf0 : maximim f0 frequency in hz ; f0et : error threshold in the f0 detection , harmdevslope : slope of harmonic deviation ; minsinedur : minimum length of harmonics returns hfreq , hmag , hphase : harmonic frequencies , magnitude and phases ; stocenv : stochastic residual
return an instance of the footnoteextension
generate an rfc - 4226 hmac - based one time password .
api key header authentication
returns application default credentials .
returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number
returns a sorteddict containing form fields for the given model .
output single table definition
generate the description of a l { klein } route .
flattens the code from a list of tuples .
information about the registered node .
activates a swap device . .
show a wall of text in a dialog
dump an object to json , encoding safely for
collect multiple option values into a single list .
returns polygon for a vectorised raster as a polygon object .
return true if task id equals task _ id .
compute conv output gradient w . r . t its weights
this is a shorthand for print _ exception .
creates a gemset .
returns true / false whether a microsite has a definition for the specified named value
logs an error if we see certain non - ansi constructs ignored by gcc - 2 .
executes the given java runner asynchronously .
run optipng on a file .
retrieves all values from a given configuration
create a wrapper script for a compiler
gather details from installed distributions .
validate the beacon configuration
parses a rate string in the form number / unit , or the literal 0 .
find and register a python exe
s3 server - side encryption requires the encryption key to be sent to the server base64 encoded , as well as a base64 - encoded md5 hash of the encryption key .
check to see that our db has the the seen table
given path return dask . delayed file - like objects
callback from save thread
smart function generates slug for title if current title slug cannot be used .
add a file extension to the path of a url , replacing all other extensions in the path .
make a length k index or n categories
only load if boto libraries exist .
render a diff comment fragment header expansion link .
shift _ expression : shift _ expression rshift additive _ expression
compute mean and variance along an axix on a csr or csc matrix
get a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions
returns current user , or none
build the regex for filtering pools by name
apply func to each sequence in seqs , concatenating results .
generate a unique filename .
try to do platform conversion , allow ndarray or list here
return a list of info objects about serial ports
output language statistics of committed translation files for each
disables the feature .
given the real and imaginary parts of a complex number , determine if it is a candidate for membership in the mandelbrot set given a fixed number of iterations .
filter to force a failure when the value is undefined .
find the end of an attribute that occurs somewhere after the position specified by
enable the flocker agents .
returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
for windows : translate cp850 to pythons latin - 1 and return in unicode
set up a pool with a fakeuploader
returns true if the query contains an unclosed quote
remove either a file or directory unless - - dry - run is given .
the main function .
generate synthetic binary image with several rounded blob - like objects .
get the interface name based on a vfs pci address
try to integrate f dx from zero to infinity .
make sure that a package is installed .
trims zeros and decimal points
train a multi - class decision tree classifier .
return the softmax outputs of images , every pixels have multiple label , the sum of a pixel is 1 .
a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
return embedded clock service .
returns a cut from desc dictionary .
return true if mode is from a directory .
name resolver for scripts .
converts a timetuple , integer or datetime object into the seconds from epoch in utc .
determine whether floating - point values a and b are equal to within a rounding error .
return a file hash , the hash type is set in the master config file
given a function object , constructs a list of arguments and their defaults .
adds a new communication with comment _ type = updated
main program execution handler .
encodes a number as an identifier .
send message to prowl
open a program to edit the user configuration .
press the keyboard button for next track .
return numbers of cpus
add a neighbour entry .
provide the tooltips for the hazard filter
helper to configure a command class , but not run it just yet .
helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults .
show a files metadata by id .
continues training using checkpoint .
return a string usable as a multipart boundary .
detect the encoding of the unicode string input , which contains the beginning of a css file .
returns string that represents sha256 hash of base _ str .
sort a list of pairs into a single list of models .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge
return the matrix * m * with each row having zero mean and unit std .
get and print a histogram of the top 15 brand distribution for a search query .
return a bipartite random graph .
parses given page content for possible forms
splitting square - free factorization
get the permalink for a comment , optionally specifying the format of the named anchor to be appended to the end of the url .
returns model class that connects given obj and user class .
process a single image file .
run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel .
parses an editable requirement into : - a requirement name - an url - extras - editable options
check whether dir is a valid directory .
email address - > publicly displayable email .
formats a number of read specific infos into xml format .
sort list of strings that are digits in numerical order .
associate dhcp option
return the local sum of pixels .
parametric relu function .
install the zipextimporter
get matching ids for shop product based on provide category
return the registered default canvas for given file format .
return a list of keyword objects for the given model instance or a model class .
return the file number of the current file .
check for basic auth in header .
independently manipulate the h , l , or s channels of a color .
convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file .
return a condition testing whether * val * is a finite .
same as controlf , but only scroll half a page .
helper method to access created sample data for collection types
compute nt complex zeros of cosine fresnel integral c ( z ) .
show a specific account .
compute the various forms of knowledge compilation used by the assumptions system .
return the ssh _ interface type to connect to .
return set of all regex matches
try to get a connection with a very specific set of values , if we get these then well run the tests , otherwise they are skipped
remove a contributor from a document .
map the tune2fs options to mkfs options .
export a language
persist the clipboard
generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n .
returns a list of - tuples from the given string .
creates a single property index for the given name and direction .
compile a template pattern , returning a pattern object
no longer used , but here for backwards compatibility .
report virtual memory stats .
create a class with a metaclass .
convert rendered xml response to json for use with boto3 .
helper to convert serialized pstats back to a list of raw entries
compute resulting subgraphs from given bi - parition .
downloads an image from a url and checks whether it seems to actually be an image .
checks for if a process with a given name is running or not .
returns true if student notes feature is enabled for the course , false otherwise .
returns length of audio in seconds .
return a path as an absolute url .
saves image in data to path , in the format specified by the path extension .
update _ many path is a string points is a list of points
a list with all the known urls by this scanner
base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951
make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
pretty printer for first n digits of a fraction
writes the gif with the python library imageio .
partial autocorrelation estimated with non - recursive yule _ walker
if cell is not none call func with context . target _ cell .
create a pypi server like file structure below download directory .
return a dict describing a given traceback .
return a new dict whose sub - dicts have been merged into the original .
helper for run _ in _ executor ( )
create a connection to the zookeeper ensemble .
translate polar coordinates to cartesian .
require a directory to exist .
merge some gpucareducecuda and gpuelemwise .
displays a number of items .
adds slashes before quotes .
given a list representing an artist - credit block , flatten the data into a triple of joined artist name strings : canonical , sort , and credit .
compose a message which can be sent to a pentity via a number of different communications channels
hydrate an index - field option value to construct something like : : index _ field : { doubleoptions : { defaultvalue : 0 . 0
dot product that handle the sparse matrix case correctly
build loss function and gradients based on the score function estimator .
get all volumes belonging to a instance .
returns true if the given state meets the given rule
create an instance of the gax sinks api .
if the request contained an exception from a previous compute build / resize operation , log it to aid debugging
get the couchdb options from salt .
set host attribute .
write out an lxc configuration file
delete a cache parameter group .
callback function to be passed to greenthread . link ( ) when we spawn ( )
return distribution from setup , without executing commands
reads the contents of a url into a string .
cache param determines how memberships are calculated trying to reuse the existing data in cache
interface to the systems uname command .
resolves string names to integer constant in ssl configuration .
return a simple random graph with the given degree sequence .
replaces the symlinked files with a copy of the original content .
returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value .
generates an expanded graph based on node parameterization
get thickness multiplied path .
select * k * individuals at random from the input * individuals * with replacement .
add a tool plugin menu .
instantiates and returns an allindex object given a valid index configuration
returns the preferences from both vectors
return a more qualified path to name
set the keyword - value pairs in ~ / . plotly / . config .
destroy the named vm ( s )
get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
get the style dictionary for matplotlib marker objects
gets the app revision of the current app .
this portion is for arguments parsing
read the element data of type : data : unicode
computes the graph of neighbors for points in x
save the load to the specified jid id
define message class from descriptor .
start the server and check for modified files in a background thread .
context manager that changes to path directory on enter and changes back to os . getcwd ( ) on exit .
return true if filename is a python file .
save the load to the specified jid id
wrap an object in a variant enumerator .
randomly choose a key from a dict where values are weights .
return a constructor for a decoder for fields of a particular type .
get all release groups linked to an artist or a release .
return a logger that uses a file handler for the given filename but in the
return the contents of the users incrontab
compute the rechunk of * x * to the given * chunks * .
write a commented gcode file for a gcode file .
setup the itunes platform .
get gating milestone associated with the given content usage key .
calculates bayesian predictive information criterion n of the samples in trace from model
convert non - central to central moments , uses recursive formula optionally adjusts first moment to return mean
generates acousticbrainz end point urls for given mbid .
convert an instance id to an ec2 id .
get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built - in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
computes a state that maximizes a joint probability of the given crf .
makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end , this way it can be looped indefinitely .
probability of rectangular area of standard t distribution assumes mean is zero and r is correlation matrix
accuracy classification score .
process the message , description , and signing _ help fields into safe html , with urls turned into links .
ensure directory d exists
lists known phylogenetic metrics from cogent . maths . unifrac .
re - make update dictionary for safe updating
utility for splitting an array
unpackages a payload
get endpoint segments from the x intersections .
return whether value is a string or a byte list
initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder
build docstring from doc and options
extract messages from javascript source code .
returns a list of default fields for the solr schema . xml
remove a tag .
prompt the user which option to choose from the given .
this function does not do any diffing , it just checks the old and new files to see if either is binary , and provides an appropriate string noting the difference between the two files .
configuration values to use as defaults in the code
return lines with a yaml representation of header content from the table .
return a list of hosts from hostvars
utility function which retrieves pack " ref " attribute from the pack metadata file .
an alternative to distutils setup ( ) which is specially designed for twisted subprojects .
utility to make testing update _ blogs management command easier
print out items in lib matching query .
clean obsolete binary packages destructive
encode a single header line with base64 encoding in a given charset .
default function for handling delete requests , it has decorators for rate limiting , authentication and for raising pre - request events .
calculate md5sum and returns it .
list escalation policies belonging to this account
show the details from the provider concerning an instance
print direct message
verify and decode an encoded string .
runs the specified statistical method using the category of interest .
update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes
mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node .
solve the ridge equation by the method of normal equations .
converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty .
returns true if a key specifies an id or name , false otherwise .
converts date into a time - based string date any datetime , time string representation . . .
get a monitor by id .
new task form
returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
select the path based on source peer .
load the covertype dataset , downloading it if necessary .
salary grade controller
return list of arrays , columns
set a default site
gets a list of models for the given app labels , with some exceptions .
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a virtual server .
provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
generates the source code of a tpot pipeline
list all members without mfa turned on .
add pillars output to negatives and positives .
munge a package title into a package name .
authentication reject section 9 . 2 . 1
get portion of the path which is inside the loop .
return the region argument .
generate a ssh key .
converts a latex command , like dosomething { arg1 } { arg2 } into a st snippet like dosomething { $ 1 : arg1 } { $ 2 : arg2 }
remove any entries from a dictionary where the value is none .
calculates the delta coefficient of the 3 angular momenta for
normalizes crlf and cr newlines to just lf .
generate a bounce message for an undeliverable email message .
tests to see if the guess , after salting and hashing , matches the passwd from the database .
check to see if an rds subnet group exists .
costs with description creates new line always and costs without description is combined into one line .
doctest / unittest interface to regex _ filter _ in ( ) and regex _ filter _ out ( )
given a sequence of document revision ids , returns a dict matching those with the number of users google analytics thinks has visited each revision since start _ date .
set up the insteon local light platform .
return password database entry for uid .
filter for application calls made in training mode .
write a data point to a single time series of the custom metric .
flow a gcode linear move text .
returns the possible node names .
this will strip " save named query " command in the beginning of the line : s zzz select * from abc - > select * from abc s zzz select * from abc - > select * from abc
helper method to submit a task .
retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error
function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet
returns a non - recursive lock object
builds the diff dictionary .
find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
test if a file is an executable .
attach encryption layer .
restful crud controller - just used for the custom _ report method
return a connection object connected to the socket given by address
get the analyze plugins directory path .
this calls the windows regenumkeyex function in a unicode safe way .
return the acl attribute of the sender of the given message
integrate 1d or nd system of odes using 4 - th order runge - kutta .
benchmark influence of : changing _ param : on both mse and latency .
create a resource for interacting with an api .
download the wmt en - fr training corpus to directory unless its there .
make the server a slave of another instance , or promote it as master
takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple .
convert a python number to a number field .
parse the comma separated list of hosts .
install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall
get and display all resources , using pagination .
returns an nltk nltk . tree . tree object from the given sentence .
extract localizable strings from the given template node .
creates a " filesystem " in a new temp dir and creates one file in it .
removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
return a dict that can be used to create an anomaly model via opfs
get standard deviation from covariance matrix just a shorthand function np . sqrt ( np . diag )
format bups version date string for output .
return a list of acceptable qt apis , in decreasing order of preference
try and parse response as an http response .
login to the zoneminder api .
determine if the key is in the pixel table , and if it is and if the value is not none add it to the path index table .
computes a credible interval for a given distribution .
builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
if an authorization header contains credentials , return true or false .
set debconf selections . .
adds an html non - breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid " widowed " words .
only load this module if nova is installed on this minion .
marks the urls as stale so that they can be reloaded .
transform columnsourcedata data to a serialized format
filter the output of semi _ rel2reldict according to specified ne classes and a filler pattern .
toggle control register initialize bit
instantiate a new glanceclient . client object .
compute load centrality for nodes .
load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted
return a tuple describing the byte range requested in a get request
this function will redirect an ssh forward request to a another address or will log the request and do nothing
fab - h root @ host create _ user : username
set the http proxy for python to download through .
a simple yaml encode that can take a single - element datatype and return a string representation .
quick helper for scripts to get a hostname from a client id .
get path with points inside the channel removed .
return the information of the named package ( s ) , installed on the system .
get a service name
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
copy a sparse virtual disk to a thin virtual disk .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks ( ) .
spawn a new python interpreter with the same arguments as this one , but running the reloader thread .
parse a set - like header and return a
remove a host entry from the hosts file
list the contents of a container , or return an object from a container .
active swap partition
create an event on the victorops service . .
get human - readable disk usage for directory
create a new git repository .
creates a dictionary from the parameters , which can be used to return data to salt .
destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table
decorator that caches function calls .
display a list
returns the contents of the file at the given absolute path .
respond with csv which contains a summary of all spent registration codes .
for a wcs returns false if square image pixels stay square when projected onto the " plane of intermediate world coordinates " as defined in greisen & calabretta 2002 , a & a , 395 , 1061 _ .
base64 decodes a single bytestring .
n - dimensional inverse real unitary fourier transform .
returns html for modal to edit datasets
return the job id based on the job tag
render the latex math expression * math * using latex and dvipng .
wraps an object in a pygdispatch gateway .
morph of two sounds using the stft x1 , x2 : input sounds , fs : sampling rate w1 , w2 : analysis windows , n1 , n2 : fft sizes , h1 : hop size smoothf : smooth factor of sound 2 , bigger than 0 to max of 1 , where 1 is no smothing , balancef : balance between the 2 sounds , from 0 to 1 , where 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 returns y : output sound
output the graph for texinfo .
return dict where the key is a keyboard modifier flag and the value is the boolean state of that flag .
return a function that can make the replacements , given in reps , on a string .
helper method to generate urls .
sends a notification as a meter using ceilometer pipelines .
update low - stock alerts
return a suitable dtype for x
guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
send analytics event for a newly created thread , response or comment .
query hot movies infomation from douban .
escape single quotes and forward slashes
return a word with the given lexical form and pos .
setup the mqtt example component .
process the vertice points for a given boundary .
add the closed xml tag .
ensure a search is absent . .
decode protocol buffer to message instance .
checks if the frequency setting is the same as the default pi setting .
returns an image embedded in html base64 format
get the javascript converter function from a rule .
halt the specified zone .
return a slice of html < = length chars .
walk the directory tree under root up till reaching max _ depth .
find a static file with the given path using all enabled finders .
calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs / sample
returns a dict of all of the system groups as keys , and group ids as values , of which the user is a member .
verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation .
get the size of a disk image
populates a template variable with a queryset containing the full tree for a given model .
return the cmd applied at positions idxs , by retrieving args and kwargs from the pair elements of args and kwargs .
not working need to run portfetch non interactive
get name or names out of json result from api server
check for usage of deprecated assertraisesregexp
return the first resource found in the : term : lineage of resource which , a ) if class _ or _ interface is a python class object , is an instance of the class or any subclass of that class or b ) if class _ or _ interface is a : term : interface , provides the specified interface .
gets the max partition for a table .
small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers
create a writable googlestore file .
construct an appropriate type of message structure object for the given message object .
create exception subclass .
enable / disable bench updates on running bench update
returns true or false in regards to the existence of a vpc .
construct a dynamically - loading mapper property .
decodes document from prospective _ search result post request .
convert volume _ type _ id to uuid .
generate sql where clauses for matching hosts in an intersection of labels .
wrap long lines and generate mo files .
loads the shortcuts from qsettings
generate the top - level index page
separate sums in tan .
make sure we can access the db settings from this file .
load and generate a template .
used to unpickle model subclasses with deferred fields .
computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f .
run a string through pager
executes a salt function inside a container
returns a list of dbparametergroup parameters .
list all running containers and report some information about them path
hashes the string , then turns that hash into an identifier of the given length .
return the projection of v onto w
generate an icinga2 ticket on the master .
displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
convert all bytes ags to str by decoding them using stdin encoding .
checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
rewrite a response with blobstore download bodies .
convert a mac address string into bytes .
add a link to the enriched iso metadata
mark a milestone entry if user has passed the course .
get the acl of an object .
get the evaluator .
default shutdown hook
registers an archive format .
restful crud controller
convert a long integer to a byte string .
set tmpdir / data as the datadir .
returns a string from an xml tree
always return a unicode path .
write out the index . txt database file in the appropriate directory to track certificates ca _ name name of the ca cert certificate to be recorded
search for obfuscated functions in the javascript code
minify css and js with yui compressor
parses xml file by a given handler
toggle data register d7 bit
used to mark tests that are only applicable for certain db driver .
deletes the default token store
returns the string contained in the setting admin _ media _ prefix .
calculate algorithm 4 , step 2 , equation c ) of zhu et al [ 1 ] .
get largest loop from loops .
waits for a device to be connected .
creates a 1 - d tensor containing a sequence of integers .
returns whether or not the given record exists .
returns information criteria for many arma models
shows actual color for hex color code
add a user to a group
non - central moment of discrete distribution .
get the full name of the user from user
sends an email when creator receives feedback message to an exploration .
restful crud controller for gps tracks
convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
decode a file .
get the url for the " flag this comment " view .
make a second axes overlay * ax * ( or the current axes if * ax * is
extract domain names in an handy - to - index - and - query form .
truncate any value in details that corresponds with a field in the user model .
make the tag
generate a loaded dice roll based on the state and a random number
allow logarithmic units to be converted to dimensionless fractions
decode the amqp table passed in from the encoded value returning the decoded result and the number of bytes read plus the offset .
searches the registry for an image name
oozebane a gcode linear move file or text .
make a bed file with track and browser lines ready for liftover .
verify re - loading an assembly causes the new type to show up
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 strings .
parses the locale code for localename and returns the result as tuple .
on failure to find a binutils utility , inform the user of a way they can get it easily .
given an exception , this will test if the exception was due to a signature error , and annotate the error with better information if so .
run migrations in offline mode .
dtlz2 multiobjective function .
extract a given format field from the given event .
lets split baby
listen to notification . info messages and pickle them to output .
generate intermediate points describing provided graph data . .
only load if the dockerio execution module is available
standard way to print out the frontend objects in a human - readable fashion for debugging
convert symbols like i to valid html
helper function that returns a dictionary of host _ name keys with either a list of eligible disks that can be added to vsan or either an error message or a message saying no eligible disks were found .
expects a ps command with a - o argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest .
validate the configuration and return fritzboxscanner .
return the c code of a kernel function .
populate the schema table for the uaserver .
returns a list with all collection summary objects that can be displayed on the library page as collection summary tiles .
returns - 1 in the na case
run a qutebrowser command .
remove all back - references to this senderkey
encodes an integer into serialization
restart the current server configuration for the specified app .
convert a path to a 3d segment with path codes .
parse a notification from the webhook request headers , validate the notification , and return a notification object .
run the celery process .
check vcs conflict markers .
redirects the user to facebooks oauth dialog if the permissions requested in scope are not present default is facebook _ default _ scope
helper method to publish the course
compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of * x * .
returns messages from js files included at time of boot like desk . min . js for desk and web
check if the service is available
create a database store then use it to import a shapefile .
context manager for writing utf - 8 xml data to response
the caller requests removing the given users from the role .
construct an elgamal key from a tuple of valid elgamal components .
dump error message .
validate value matches regex .
adds a vlan to network association
get the timestamp of the date , python2 / 3 compatible
temporarily redirect * fd * to a pipes write end and return a file object wrapping the pipes read end .
generates the actual list of data .
return the current server configuration for the specified app .
xfail an executing test or setup functions with the given reason .
return hours as days .
checks whether user can edit subprojects on given project .
whether a site has inventory
gets the circle that goes through the two endpoints of the current time extent and just touches the left edge of the screen .
pushing a text note .
return a randomly sampled markovchain instance with n states , where each state has k states with positive transition probability .
returns an api client which can be used to make catalog api requests .
we embed the relative filename in the generated c file , since we dont want to have to regenerate and compile all the source code whenever the python install directory moves ( which could happen , e . g , .
issue a nicely formatted deprecation warning .
determine if the a loop is intersecting another loop .
render javascript to override default requirejs paths .
the get _ image for gce allows partial name matching and returns a libcloud object .
store a secret config value for a given section / key .
initialize all parameters
ensure vpc with passed properties is absent .
index documents specified by cls and ids
truncate datetime expression
a signal receiver which updates the last _ login date for the user logging in .
make the context associated with device * device _ id * the current context .
a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the last three datapoints falls into a histogram bin with less than 20 other datapoints
set the directory to be used for temporary file storage .
last installed kernel name , for debian based systems .
upload screenshot handler .
take a service element and expand it into an iterator of :
utility function : return structure unchanged
build an apirequest for the given path and body .
format a file or block device using a user provided command for each os type .
remove or add tracks .
loops over an audio clip .
cleans string from invalid xml chars
return a password type property .
construct an array by repeating a the number of times given by reps .
allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry
average true range
returns a parsed version of pythons sys . version as tuple referring to the python implementation name , version , branch , revision , build number , build date / time as string and the compiler identification string .
pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user .
check corresponding policy prior of wrapped method to execution .
a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing transaction .
return a generator of nodes in lexicographically topologically sorted order .
get a list of records for a frame and all higher frames .
not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet
generates xml encoding of a list of list separators .
return a post - order ordering of nodes in the graph .
get a list of all resource types
multivariate linear filter
get a flavor by name , id , or ram size .
strip leading tabs from _ _ doc _ _ text .
process each po file in folder
test whether the ip making the request is the same as the ip serving the request .
if we have negative indicies , translate to postive here if have indicies that are out - of - bounds , raise an indexerror
get the autocommit status of the connection .
list all the data centers for this vmware environment
unregister an explicit module in the registry .
additional helper to wrap most common test case
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
parse read concern options .
parses fmdump output
clears accumulated statistics on all nodes in the cluster .
package purges are not supported , this function is identical to remove ( ) .
return an openid store object fit for the currently - chosen database backend , if any .
pick channels by type and names .
parse a reflog line .
mark a test as emitting a warning .
walk though the jid dir and look for jobs
saves the plot in the given formats and clears the figure .
flip the points .
try to determine if the gcc that would be used is from cygwin .
get a paginator , abstracting some common paging actions .
set columns status to status
compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
unlock a file object .
perform a click on an element as specified by its id
compute polynomial pseudo - remainder of f and g .
coarsen array by applying reduction to fixed size neighborhoods
check if grafana dashboard row and _ row differ
return a list of all available services . .
traverse the options and extract all rx excludes , or call
returns local user information , excluding the password
checks if cuda is available .
run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
add a record to an infoblox dns view name the record name value the value for the entry can make use of infoblox functions for next available ip , like func : nextavailableip : 10 . 1 . 0 . 0 / 24 record _ type the record type dns _ view the dns view to add the record to infoblox _ server the infoblox server hostname infoblox _ user the infoblox user to connect with infoblox _ password the infoblox users password infoblox _ api _ version the infoblox api version to use sslverify should ssl verification be done on the connection to the infoblox rest api
delete a blob from blobstore - - async version .
fetch type based on a primitive value
account edit page
renders a template for displaying a reply .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
add a connection from every second to every third module
create the adjacency matrix for the tree specified by the given layout .
build plaintext email .
checking enrollment mode and status and returns the display mode
assert that the validation does not contain a traceback .
run the quickstart - web . xml generator on the given java app .
get a vector3 with each component the minimum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
saves given project as a json file
this function is for use on the charfield class .
process dependencies for parameters default values in the order schemas are defined .
return a file modified indicator .
simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs
establishes authenticated connections to the various cloud apis .
add sparse endpoints from a segment .
get brewery default logger
walk the subscopes of the given element .
return backends data for given user .
returns the file descriptor matching " filename " if present in the cache .
generator that produces sequence of keypairs for nested dictionaries .
create a script that connects to both routers and prints out both the mib2 sysname and sysdescr .
callback called from topomap for drawing average tfr over channels .
plot raw traces .
turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic _ types and resource is a value from process _ columns .
get a new proposal using manual search criteria .
returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space .
processes the installation arguments
check if the object is some kind of descriptor .
recurse all the files and dirs in * args * ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings
handler for agent init event .
create a map of agent config parameters .
calculate values from a known redshift , and then check that z _ at _ value returns the right answer .
create a media player object from a media .
parse the response returned by : meth : oauthremoteapp . http _ request .
preloading modules tells jedi to load a module now , instead of lazy parsing of modules .
return true if we have a graph of the given name
returns a string containing the current date and time .
converts input phase difference map to rads
return a dict with the unicode keys ( and values if , keys _ only is
parse certificate signing request for domains
evaluate the definite integral of a b - spline between two given points .
helper function which leverages _ _ context _ _ to keep from running systemctl status more than once .
setup the lxc container .
produce a mapper level row processor callable which processes rows into mapped instances .
use ghostscripts pswrite or epswrite device to distill a file .
return the current thread object , corresponding to the callers thread of control .
compute count of devices per version for each day .
extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a " wordpress link "
returns the parsed cli options , command to run and its arguments , merged with any same - named options found in a configuration file
extract a source archive into builddir .
compute a hash using opensubtitles algorithm .
encode a reply
display crash file content and rerun if required
generate a population given a function to create genomes
returns main version from version .
return the cross - entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution .
part is a string of ipython text , comprised of at most one input , one ouput , comments , and blank lines .
direct _ declarator : lparen declarator rparen
calculates an hash on a file by path .
display the configuration from memory zone : string name of zone show _ all : boolean also include calculated values like capped - cpu , cpu - shares , . . .
create a new printlabel method that prints errorclasses items as well .
change the group of a file
construct an elgamal key from a tuple of valid elgamal components .
returns node connectivity for a graph or digraph g .
raise homedirerror if $ home is specified , but not a writable dir
create global config object , parse command flags
evaluates the hypergeometric pmf .
read in the ovf descriptor .
returns the indices that would sort names like ordered _ names
try to serve a 304 for static resources .
removes whitespace between html tags , and introduces a whitespace after buttons an inputs , necessary for bootstrap to place them correctly in the layout .
restful controller for household model
color a graph using various strategies of greedy graph coloring .
get an mks console to a server .
register common cli options .
returns context _ lines before and after lineno from file .
calculate a list of children with operators .
converts an xml string into a profilefeed object .
given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load .
return size in bytes of filesystem on device .
publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master .
setup the restful sensor .
buildinfo factory method .
this function is only used to determine the broadcast pattern for
start the server for lms or studio .
process all the msg file found in the message directory
the idea is to handle complicated code response .
run pylint on the given file
performs a get request for the given url and returns the response
resamples a dataframe using probabilities proportional to given column .
loads sections from a config file .
add ellipses to overly long strings
add a path that may contain available services .
helper for converting a dict of strings to a series of datetimes .
immediate assignment section 9 . 1 . 18
defines the command line entry points for ipython
create a rpc instance .
it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index .
return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
this routine produces a list of non - python files which reside somewhere on the system .
return a * safe * weak reference to a callable target target - - the object to be weakly referenced , if its a bound method reference , will create a boundmethodweakref , otherwise creates a simple weakref .
returns the incoming data shape
test that discounting based on product category works .
method decorator to tag a method as a remote procedure call in a
produces a list of yaml strings for dynamic and static handlers .
release a dynamic segment for the params provided if one exists .
return a list of all available services
set python _ shell default based on remote execution and _ _ opts _ _ [ cmd _ safe ]
probability density of a random expression , optionally given a second condition .
latest version of the recalculate _ subsection _ grade task .
joins the given path with the static _ url setting .
attempt to remount a device , if the device is not already mounted , mount is called
sets module sub - parameters to those expected by the boto3 api .
convert the parsed ini config into a profile map .
this maps request strings to values in a hash , optionally run through a function with previous request values as parameters to the func .
completion for xontrib
return the path of pyconfig . h .
detects whether source is p . a . c . k . e . r .
a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing attribute * attr * for the given numba type in nopython mode .
coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format .
this convenience function takes a list of strings containing duplicates and uses fuzzy matching to identify and remove duplicates .
if no device class is given when adding a device , this helps determine
yield a file that will be atomically renamed name when leaving the block .
open a browser displaying a session document .
calculate checksum of ip pseudo header
return password data for a windows instance .
find all the wcs transformations in the given header .
if the environment variable w3af _ psutils is set to 1 , then we start the thread that will dump the operating system data which can be retrieved using psutil module .
a helpful function which will open all the connected u6s .
return the template id for a vm .
shorthand for gzipfile .
return true if url returns 200 and is served by nginx .
a dumb version of : func : textwrap . indent from python 3 . 3 .
preprocess old style comments .
attach a json issue types representation to each object of the queryset .
getter for database proxy .
load a collection of images .
return cloud client
training controller - used for searching for participants
steer clear of integers .
the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query .
parse header values into a list of lists containing key , value pairs .
returns the directory path for the given package or module .
make plugin available .
returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion .
create an rrset with the specified name , ttl , class , and type , and with the specified list of rdatas in text format .
encrypts a string message with the public key key
find all files in a subdirectory and return paths relative to dir
process the xml element .
return dictionary from imagej metadata tag value .
an equivalent to mkdir - p .
parse a floating point number .
create a mind and factory and set things in motion .
return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get _ config _ vars ( ) .
parse out the gitlog cli data
convert a qimage into numpy array .
when user change the number - of - students from the ui then this method update the corresponding qty field in orderitem model and update the order _ type in order model .
show the comments that have been logged for this meeting with . comment .
create a new user - requested zendesk ticket .
get all article tab dictionaries from plugins
evaluate int _ 0 ^ infty g dx using g functions , assuming the necessary conditions are fulfilled .
compare a novaobject and a dict - like database object .
return a variable length number encoded using hexadecimal encoding .
libvirt since 1 . 2 . 6 version provides dhcpleases method in virnetwork .
flip the value of the attributes of the input individual and return the mutant .
job assignments - restful controller
draw g as a graph to out , in format format .
returns the one environment specified for minionfs in the master configuration .
computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config
assign a realm entity to records
if token is not none then assign token to token key of cmd dict and return cmd
validate a generated xml file against the xsd .
write content to a file
calculates the nth moment about the mean for a sample .
check starting conditions and start gui .
enable monitor mode on the wireless adapter
executes the rpc call to fetch a given http url .
generate the xml string to define a libvirt vm
return output of " ls - ld " in a string .
check whether orig _ prefixes is subset of new _ prefixes .
port of assertraisesregexp from unittest in
yield file contents by block then close the file .
log a message with severity critical on the root logger .
a helper to get the volume for a given dataset _ id .
get the triangle mesh for the slc file .
formats a date according to the given format .
display an array as a matrix in a new figure window .
read a public key from a ed25519 key pair created with openbsd signify .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
convert a bytestring path to unicode on python 3 only .
generate tabs to represent branching to children .
reinstall site ie . wipe all data and start over
retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
numbering function : consecutive integers starting at 0 .
prompt to user for help in determining if the argument to plural ( ) is a number .
ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent .
unblock a specific bluetooth device by bd address
remove the trace hook installed by spew .
test efficient vertex neighboring triangles for surfaces
returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to
converts the inputed unicode url into a us - ascii equivalent .
class decorator that fills in missing ordering methods
given a soup , pick out a title
extract a named snapshot from a disk image
helper function for retry _ until _ ok test
calculate the virtual free capacity based on thin provisioning support .
returns customized constructor for class cls .
check to see if an autoscale group exists .
run a command relative to the repo path
a wrapper around execute ( ) to more easily handle warnings and errors .
ensure that the cmdline for a pid seems sane
make a unary concept out of the primary key in a record .
singleton constructor for configuration file instances .
truncates html after a certain number of words
executes a cgi script by importing it as a new module .
warn or raise an exception , depending on the pedantic setting .
if its filter on some _ id without start and end .
run the data preparation steps of qiime
return the star graph
a report providing assessment totals , and breakdown by assessment type and status .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
activate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 5 . 11
helper to get more readable dynamically - generated test names from ddt .
take two rgb color sets and mix them over a specified number of steps .
parse date and time string into local time
move back through the history list , fetching the previous command .
register all configurations required for oslo . cache .
legacy function to allow options to define a . server property to override the other parameter .
get additional version information from the windows registry and return a tuple referring to version number , csd level and os type .
simply print unformatted text .
delete all objects in a given s3 bucket .
return a list of new - style classes defined in * module * , excluding _ private and _ _ magic _ _ names , and optionally filtering only those inheriting from * superclass * .
check that rows is the same node as t . arange .
given a tube which is a shell , dealarm it .
returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal
returns a dict representing the yum config options and values .
return a list of filenames for the given diff arguments
evaluates the tan inverse of an interval
concatenate a sequence of tuples into one tuple .
set the given properties on an instance and update it .
format a path for log output
test searching for multiple packages at once .
converts to lowercase , removes non - alpha chars and converts spaces to hyphens
convert a raw protobuf entity to the native object .
create a tag for resource _ id with specified name and value .
returns the edges of a cycle found via a directed , depth - first traversal .
determine whether a namespace is eligible for deletion .
initialize the instance - limited thread implementation .
handles the provided exception for testing
filter lines by noqa .
function to return all the answers for a given question from with a specified series
define old - named method inside class .
normalize path fixing case , making absolute and removing symlinks
note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub .
this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers .
replace contents with xxx to prevent syntax matching .
converts different condition types to callback
converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course , while handling the case where no conversion is needed .
given a set of key - value pairs , finds values that have null bytes in them and splits them into a dictionary whose values are lists .
this function determines whether or not to make this cloud module available upon execution .
loads a template and renders it with the current context .
register layers for a cascading wms
return the url corresponding to a given path .
convert word numeral to integer
project an tuple to spherical mercator .
force the engine to establish new connections .
a function to connect to a bigip device and delete a specific pool .
return data to an odbc server
this function takes the name of a python source file , expands all tabs to 4 spaces ( for
retrieves block device mapping from ami
return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object .
switches the current s3 endpoint with an s3 accelerate endpoint
simple wrapper for httpresponseredirect that checks the request for a next get parameter then falls back to a given object or url string .
generate a random string
wrap functions for unified usage in the solver .
perform a simple check on the gradient for correctness .
distribute any ! domain operators found inside a normalized domain .
print out the tempo for each audio file in the given directory
list the followers of username .
given a bytestring path or a unicode path fragment , truncate the components to a legal length .
analytical solution to the linear differential equations dy / dt = a * y .
registers hook handler .
decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found .
validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri .
function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . physics vector package .
ackley test objective function .
returns whether the language is right to left
determine which account to use .
test if specified hostname should be considered valid
use a simple algorithm to find broken optimizations .
fast approximation of log2 ( x ) for an mpf value tuple x .
builder for rebulk object .
flip the image horizontally .
return a list of the image sizes that are on the provider
return the result from dividing two dicts that represent date and time .
returns the response message corresponding to an http code , or none if the code is unknown or unrecognized .
return a list of dicts from the salt level configurations conf _ tuples _ lxcconfig compatible list of entries which can contain - string line - tuple - dict of one entry : { lxc config param : value ) only _ net by default we add to the tuples a reflection of both the real config if avalaible and a certain amount of default values like the cpu parameters , the memory and etc .
restful crud operations on course _ info updates .
project management index page
parse a string referring to a range of commits .
validate model metadata
restart the named service
looks for the app directory in the deployed apps location .
get a specific child zone .
this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures .
returns deflate - encoded data .
sanitize a string to strip special characters .
open file _ like and return as file - like object
fake a filename .
computes a vandermonde matrix of given order and dimension .
cleans a piece of user submitted html .
apply a function to each partition , sharing rows with adjacent partitions .
find the types of functions in expr , to estimate the complexity .
contributors across the site .
test that a certain warning occurs and with a certain message .
detach encryption layer .
a view returning all defined tasks as a json object .
set an effect to the lamp .
merge two sequences into a single sequence .
check if a process is running on windows systems based on the pid .
returns true is the given dict is a gm song dict .
write a noise covariance matrix .
unmute a user
breadth first search of g .
parse a grep result line into
resolves the given symlink path to its real path , up to a maximum of the max _ depth parameter which defaults to 64 .
create a 3d arrow using a cylinder plus cone
returns the incomplete gamma function for lower or upper tail .
decorator to log the inputs and outputs of functions , as well as the time taken to run the function .
helper function to allocate a buffer to contain an image of width * height suitable for osmesamakecurrent
show detail for a specified raid device
this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired .
a decorator to place an instance based lock around a method
gmm information section 9 . 4 . 19
gets a virtual interface from the table .
do all of the default monkey patching ( calls every other function in this module .
for virt only .
estimates the minimum covariance determinant matrix .
get the objects voted by an user .
removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used
get a moref to the esxi host currently running an instance .
return the perfectly balanced r - ary tree of height h .
prints a brief overview of a decoder when using - - help with a decoder
return a log level for a string
default to enabling in development if this function isnt overridden .
wrapper around audio and av content .
removes a provisioning block for an object with triggering a callback .
evaluates calls from call _ queue and places the results in result _ queue .
extract all the information from the header file .
download the contents of the url into the file .
return interface _ details information from osquery
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond2 .
get the grains from the proxied device
encrypts a string message with the public key key
get the point transformed by the array .
builds a locale code from the given tuple .
dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
hibernate windows system , returns after wakeup
calculate the minimums and maximums of the values of an array at labels , along with their positions .
makes sure that time and panels are conformable
since proxmox works based op ids rather than names as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required information .
return a key from an entity , model instance , key , or key string .
print a report to help determine how much escrow we should store in paypal .
returns a hostname to use to contact the module .
estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable .
change the language of the api being requested .
tests datetimes are made aware of the configured timezone .
obtain line number information for a node
this functions is called when boolean - based blind is identified with a generic payload and the dbms has not yet been fingerprinted to attempt to identify with a simple dbms specific boolean - based test what the dbms may be
stop a vm
load bracket plugin modules .
length - byte stream of random data from a seed .
check state - space matrices and ensure they are two - dimensional .
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a pool .
scours a length .
change the default cycle of colors that will be used by the plot command .
fixture which provides a fake status - command object .
return info on all groups
yield pair for each operation in code object code
returns the units , unit name , and spheroid wkt associated with the given srid from the spatial _ ref _ sys spatial database table for the given database connection .
reads the contents of a file that is part of a package
specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
add bottom loop to loops .
get equated geometryoutput .
simple error handler for management service .
construct morph map from one subject to another .
helper function to find the first item in an interable .
set up the hp ilo sensor .
confirm s is string figure or convert s to float or raise
retrieve a list of nat gateways
reads mapping file , returns data , warnings , and errors mapping _ f : list of lines has _ barcodes : if true , will test for perform barcodes test .
call destroy on the instance .
post dialog and handle user interaction until quit
specifies whether the server restarts automatically after a system freeze .
commit the change into git following config file change
convert a sink resource to the native object .
make c { root } slightly more flat by yielding all its immediate contents as strings , deferreds or generators that are recursive calls to itself .
checks if the recognized dbms version is at least the version specified
add a new nictag name : string name of new nictag mac : string mac of parent interface or etherstub to create a ether stub mtu : int
remove content reference for entrance exam .
fetches a sequence of keys .
statement : integer command newline
add physical volumes to an lvm volume group
prints diagnostic information for the scheduler
convert positive decimal integer n to equivalent in another base URL
only load if the lvs module is available in _ _ salt _ _
get instances and joins active during a certain time window .
register the decorated validator for a version of the specification .
returns true if the last web request resulted in a time - delay
return the enabled services .
creates a package and returns a rope . base . resources . folder
this function gathers all layers below one or more given : class : layer instances , including the given layer ( s ) .
get email preferences for the list of users .
get vertex given stl vertex line .
returns a fees object according to the currency input
print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr .
returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects , keyed by their id .
recursively walk subclass tree .
raise a urllib2 . httperror based on an httplib2 response tuple .
returns a list of header include paths needed to compile c code against lxml if it was built with statically linked libraries .
attach a key policy to the specified key .
set up octoprint api .
return a current distribution object for a requirement or string
build an rdata object from text format .
returns a form field for a db . stringproperty .
display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression .
return a pretty , aligned string representation of a nxm matrix .
copy scheduled job to another minion or minions .
get subscribe data from user
number : integer | float
breaks a given iterable of bytes into an iterable of boolean values representing those bytes as unsigned integers .
flips all bits in a given row
return true if the host is either an exact match or a match to the wildcard pattern .
module - level entry point .
refer to figurefactory . create _ violin ( ) for docstring .
encode header byte 1
remove description snapshots from the system .
get the organization address .
demonstrates use of the admin settings api using the adminsettingssample object .
generate a score and traceback matrix according to needleman - wunsch
indicate whether the given string is a valid email address according to the addr - spec portion of rfc 2822 .
this sample uses different arguments than the standard sample .
create a file on the device with the provided contents .
get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config .
test making a forward solution with a sphere model
gets all of the individual student overrides for given user and block .
overrides a field for the user .
determines the url of the api page for the specified object , and optionally open that page in a web browser .
attach epic _ order column to each object of the queryset .
a helper function to retrieve an annotation of a particular type .
return all metrics
adds two theano scalars together and returns the result .
ignore the deprecationwarning for baseexception . message .
for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 strings .
restrict forward operator to labels .
sort the members of the list | chunks | by their filepath .
parse fieldtrip neighbors . mat file .
this view is for showing an event .
validate the uuid representation option selected in the uri .
helper function to escape telegram markup symbols
return a random graph with the given degree sequence .
get a path with only the points that are far enough away from each other , except for the last point .
load the data , then cache and memmap the train / test split
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
this function is part of marker _ detector it is run as a seperate process .
approximate number of cycles per millisecond for torch . cuda . _ sleep
if we are hitting the fireplace detail page , get the app for open graph tags .
design second - order iir peak digital filter .
print rate limits .
return the list of studio help links in the page footer .
executes a classical two points crossover on both the individuals and their strategy .
get current boot device override information .
read gpi 1 . 0 format files .
get global variable * name * value
write a translation file for a given language .
restful crud controller for site needs
helper function for building the version string
set up eliot logging for use in scripts which are used in acceptance tests
runner can filter by tags
restful crud controller
return version string for display to user
parse a json array , and return it in tuple form , along with the character position where we stopped parsing .
back - end method to add a person entity to a role .
return a properly formatted job dict
test drawing arrows without transforms
like providers [ provider _ name ] except raises inbox . basicauth . notsupportederror instead of keyerror when the provider is not found .
aux function for induced power and plv .
returns a dict describing all volume _ types with name as key .
perform normalized graph cut on the region adjacency graph .
return a filecontent for a known - existing file .
process the xml element .
hello ! i am a factory for creating getset _ factory functions for sqla .
does not chceck whether t is not resticted or internal
makes histogram data for pre and post lengths
list all available cloud provider data
guess which file to use inside a zip file .
creates new instances .
returns true if and only if the specified object is a type .
returns the last component of the name .
index of highest value over a specified period
returns the module name corresponding to a filename .
try to find a closed - form expression for hyper , where z is supposed to be a " special " value , e . g . 1 .
continuation lines should align wrapped elements either vertically using
parse an unquoted string starting at position start in data .
return a django json response object with correct headers .
returns the vdi - ref of the cached image .
undrain nodes of a given type .
save transcripts into staticcontent .
check the correctness of a gradient function by comparing it against a finite - difference approximation of the gradient .
convert a log entry protobuf to the native object .
redirect with an interstitial page telling folks to update their bookmarks .
find a symbol and its value if it appears only as a positive literal in clauses .
accept the id of a network interface , and the id of an elastic ip address , and associate the two of them , such that traffic sent to the elastic ip address will be forwarded to this network interface .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for document items
decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey , working modulo n
parse metadata of the given video
creates arguments in a typedparametervalue .
convenience method for handling pluralizations .
stochastic synthesis of a sound stocenv : stochastic envelope ; h : hop size ; n : fft size returns y : output sound
deletes a bridge
returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external _ link _ list _ url configuration option .
setup the broadlink device sensors .
restructure a and b to have the same number of elements ordered must be either commutative or associative
helper function to make signed requests to boulder
write the core workbook xml .
converts a value to a json string for use in javascript code .
find all ancestor entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
parse the device line
ljung - box test for no autocorrelation
accepts a mime header containing filename = " . . . " .
generates localized events dict if i18n _ subsites plugin is active
load a configuration file and create importer and exporter classes .
remove database records that have been previously soft deleted .
validate whether given string is ipv4 .
class decorator to attach the notification sample information to the notification object for documentation generation purposes .
return a dict that only contains a subset of keys .
given a mod path , return the corresponding file this function is used internally , see file _ from _ modpaths documentation for more information
same as toggle _ like but hides param user from api
load a single appinclude object where one and only one is expected .
update the runtime - editable configuration options
like l { chr } but always works on ascii , returning l { bytes } .
returns the singular of a given word .
return true if two bounding boxes overlap
return true if focus maintenance under tkagg on win32 is on .
takes an object or an id and returns the id .
quote the query fragment of a url ; replacing with +
iterate over values , failing if any are less than zero .
runs a wsgi - function with a fastcgi server .
make the output format easier to read
convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table .
use scp or sftp to copy a file to a server
delete the host group .
function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided .
sdc stands for susceptibility distortion correction .
returns a list with the runtime hooks for kivy .
composes a " push arguments on stack " section of an entry pid dtrace probe .
prints the given triple .
return user information
safely removes content from a given directory
unmark the specified task _ id as being no longer in progress .
carve vertical or horizontal seams off an image .
wraps a descriptor , with a deprecation warning or error
return a list of signatures for each function prototype declared in * code * .
return a dictionary describing the category specified by name .
basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for
returns the utility modules
returns an s3 key to the given file in the given bucket .
returns a lambda function for fast calculation of numerical values .
evaluate collocation residuals .
creates a n - queens csp problem for a given n .
translates the object to the given locale .
format information about currently displayed page to a string .
filters a list and returns ipv4 values only .
return a measure of the sequences similarity between 0 and 100 , using different algorithms .
test whether a path is a mount point
return image array showing the differences between im1 and im2 .
get the selected radio button if it exists , none otherwise .
return a random string of the defined length .
convert from gray coding to binary coding .
the lazy decorator is faster , but somewhat harder to use
enable vsan for a given host or list of host _ names .
expected assignment _ no _ params _ _ doc _ _
cache param determines how memberships are calculated trying to reuse the existing data in cache
get the craft type from the profile .
build a list of concepts corresponding to the relation names in items .
make sure input and output directory exist , if not create them .
close a figure window close ( ) by itself closes the current figure close closes figure number * num * close ( h ) where * h * is a : class : figure instance , closes that figure close closes all the figure windows
freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated .
join two or more pathname components , inserting " " as needed .
this is a backwards compatibility function .
checks if the current instance state requires a hard reboot .
decorator to catch and translate socket . error to applicationerror .
fake version of os . urandom .
listen to hipchat messages and forward them to salt
this function follows from the following discussion : URL
convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list
update the docs hosted at docs . sympy . org
performs the formatting expected from sent control messages .
return my dtype mapping , whether number or name
a context manager for registrations .
convert an mpf to the nearest floating point number .
grain for the minion groupname
cantor - zassenhaus : deterministic distinct degree factorization
returns true if the package is installed .
returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict
parse a string of space - separated numbers , returning a python list .
return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit .
parse routing rule description .
looks to see if xbps - install is present on the system , return full path
modify an existing user .
make a zip file fn from the contents of source _ dis .
generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
this is a script to enqueue global site notification emails .
converts a list of / separated paths into a list of native paths and converts to lowercase if the system is case insensitive .
display the list of completions in columns above the prompt .
store dask dataframe to hierarchical data format files
return val from a l { inlinecallbacks } generator .
intelligently sets the initial value of autoescaping based on the filename of the template .
run rbenv rehash to update the installed shims runas
randomly samples len elements with replacement
returns a list of the format modules found
makes sure an url is monitored by uptime .
make a web call to digitalocean
return a signature object for the function .
build fontspec preamble from rc .
list all configured iis application pools .
this function will run once the additional loggers have been synchronized .
wait on tail pipes for new data for waitsecs , return any new lines .
i am a normal py file which must define a resource global , which should be an instance of web . resource . resource ; it will be renderred .
work context - restful controller
get the pelican class requested in settings
reorder test _ databases into an order that honors the dependencies described in test _ dependencies .
returns an msbuild tool dictionary .
only accepts an accesing _ obj that is superuser
windows allow application paths to be registered in the registry .
run all finalizers whose exit priority is not none and at least minpriority
rectified linear unit .
exit if the configured database user is postgres .
converts a value into a valid string .
unpacks js code packed with myobfuscate . com
languages on a specific project
view for handling orphan related requests .
executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter , and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string .
given a filename , return a quoted version if necessary
represent a requester as name + tel #
calculate the fitness of an organization of queens on the chessboard .
restful crud controller
count the number of elements in an iterator .
a specialised controller to return details for an l0 location - suitable for use with the locationselector arg : id of the l0 location returns json
return the path to the activate binary
find the intersection of a line with the boundary of a trust region .
split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern , returning a list containing the resulting substrings .
return subpackages of package * name
converts human - readable numbers to bytes .
returns a list of tuples of all image flavors .
represent a sequence of pairs of strings as newline - terminated key : value pairs .
make a wsgi application that proxies to another address : address the full url ending with a trailing / allowed _ request _ methods : a space seperated list of request methods suppress _ http _ headers a space seperated list of http headers that should not be passed on to target host
return acronyms for ssl protocols
the implementation returns a new reference .
sets the current session id in the user profile , to prevent concurrent logins .
handle names response , happens when joining to channels .
checks for optional as well as mandatory python libraries
generic top - level archive of date - based objects .
compute autocovariance function acf _ y ( h ) up to nlags of stable var ( p ) process
wait until ssh connection can be accessed via password or ssh key
connect to router via snmpv3 .
get the arc complexes , procedure at URL # arcimplementationnotes
check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course .
chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design .
return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean
evr resource headers
parse a docstring into its parts .
polonis multiobjective function on a two attribute * individual * .
unpacking tuple assignments in for statements and expr _ stmts .
attempt to unserialize plain text as json
get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key .
helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name .
test for statistical significance against uniform distribution .
decorator to create automatically a : class : runnable object with the function .
get the qutebrowser cx . executable to build .
attach a managed policy to a role .
returns a list of placeholders found in the parent template ( s ) of this
generate a data table from a list of input xpk files .
returns all service statuses
must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true
safely finds a unique file using lineage convention .
mock the django dependent global modulestore function to disentangle tests from django
make the input impossible to broadcast in the specified axes .
initializes the colorization directives via - - colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes .
simple logging wrapper around eliot messages .
create an amazon kinesis stream .
return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head
mutate the current request and return false if mutations are exhausted , in which case the request has been reverted back to its normal form .
view function for login view
calculate which to transitions are allowed for each state
parse the keyboard line
print the at ( 1 ) script that will run for the passed job id .
return a configuration with many containers .
clear any data in the receive buffer
authenticate using social backend
delete attachment _ specs for the specified attachment record .
helper parser action to replace common html entities with their special characters
parse a numeric value into integer .
disconnect cmd from parent fds , read only from stdout .
test if passed string is the name of a python keyword
extract integer limit from requests dictionary or fail .
print the version
return the most recent linkbacks .
helper function to construct a schema that validates items matching schema or an array containing items matching schema .
create an * n * - element 1 - d lookup table data * represented by a list of x , y0 , y1 mapping correspondences .
recursively search for source node , excluding corrupt nodes .
sets up logging to a file .
perform hierarchical merging of a rag .
return translation callback for module * modname
an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no - python mode
dbinstance iops validation rules .
returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset .
ensure that the firewall is started .
make alembic see all revisions in all migration branches .
return the title in the canonic format movie title , the ; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles .
parse a url into 6 components :
parse and check the command line arguments .
returns command to execute python script as a one - line python program
plot whitened evoked response .
pull all ltr translations from transifex
list all of the directories stored on the master
xml render function .
download all the package dicts from pypi .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ clear _ denoms .
retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter .
attempts to change the current users comment , then set it back
returns a datetime .
return all representations of properties of kind in the specified range .
estimate rank of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
calculates the set of thrift source files that need to be compiled .
split text : : notes strings .
same type as list _ option , but indicates list contents are target specs .
download daily bars from google finance for a given year .
little helper to unify comparisons with the target entries and report helpful failure reports instead of millions of seconds ; )
skirt a gcode linear move file .
internal helper to schedule an asynchronous rpc .
parsbb fmdump / fmadm output
logouts of the game
removes silence at the beginning and end of a sample .
setup torque platform .
extend the list values of master with those from newdata .
strip string for double spaces and dashes
used as generic step that provides an additional remark / hint and enhance the readability / understanding without performing any check .
returns a dictionary of plugins
parametric risch differential equation - generate linear constraints on the constants .
determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
return the filesystem name of a block device . .
return the names of all static arguments to the given function .
splits a path containing a zip file into .
does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
calculates the t - test on two related samples of scores , a and b .
formats file size as string
get the vector3 multiplied by a matrix .
spawns an interactive shell .
setup a volume source space with grid spacing or discrete source space .
given vm _ state and task _ state , return a status string .
this function computes the precision , recall and f1 measures , given a confusion matrix
closes review requests as submitted automatically after a push .
check ssh private key file and return absolute path if exists .
get replication group information .
dumps module output to a file or the screen , as requested
create a fake component .
return the number of iterable expansion nodes .
create a search term with the floored log2 size of the message .
ensure an apache module is enabled .
look for : file : mrjob . conf , and return its path .
remove spurious records from geonode db
returns the scene numbering , as retrieved from xem .
compute nth derivative of real - order modified bessel function kv ( z )
get the status of a token .
aggregate a cube
return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy
annotate ranges of available ip addresses within a given prefix .
combination of check _ object _ support and check _ user _ support
split a list of closed issues into non - pr issues and pull requests
test module - level functions
set logging level for the main logger .
returns a random k - out graph with preferential attachment .
for commands that operate on matched items , performs a query and returns a list of matching items and a list of matching albums .
find the distance from each source point to its closest target point .
give the first value that satisfies the key test .
convert a pandas - intelligible string to seconds since utc .
short circuit response and return 416 error .
convert a tiny svg 1 . 2 path into a qpainterpath .
convert text to a str object .
runs fama - macbeth regression .
denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible , otherwise returns the expr unchanged .
remove a certificate from an iis binding .
interprets an object as a boolean value .
check if r is a primitive root of f ( p ) .
runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
get the dotted app . model name for the image model as a string .
log a comment , to be shown with other comments when a chair uses . comments .
assign and persist a simple sysctl parameter for this minion
return the initialized checks from checks . d , and a mapping of checks that failed to initialize .
this functoin performs the arithmetic mean aggregation on the output obtained from the confirmation measure module .
generates the actual list of data .
for a given distribution , calculate a hash value that can be used to seed the rng .
return true if given distribution object is installed locally
recurse through a set of dependencies reported by ldd , to find associated dependencies .
create a migration record .
delete the virtual service .
get a value from a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
calculates the simulation standard error , accounting for non - independent samples .
helper function for _ minimal _ polynomial _ sq
compute the size of a signed varint value .
without numeric argument , comment all lines .
returns the / gc skew in a passed sequence .
decorator to retry a db api call if deadlock was received .
change users password
convert a mysql timestamp to a timestamp object .
return the types of the address
returns index which holds minimum of array elements over a given axis .
constructs and returns a model instance from the bound forms cleaned _ data , but does not save the returned instance to the database .
old visual observation is discarded , because it is outdated frame .
tells virtualbox to start up a vm .
fetches a studentmodule instance for a given course _ id , student object , and module _ descriptor .
return a stable hash for a python data structure .
asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp .
enumerate the allocated device names on this host .
waits for the element to become invisible context : a behave context elem : a webdriver element wait _ time : sets the max wait time .
iterative solver for least - squares problems .
return the factorial of n , an exact integer > = 0 .
return a list of packets broken into 5k fragmented chunks necessary to make the rpc request .
allows us to delete unjustified issues .
returns an x . y . z version from the list of version parts .
this code prints github usernames who forked this project
to create a single vm in the vmware environment .
get the grains / pillar for a specific minion .
parser for map file that relates samples to metadata .
helper function for normal _ order : look through each term in an addition expression and call _ normal _ order _ factor to perform the normal ordering on the factors .
a view that takes a string argument
check that the value is a list .
attach request attributes declared in config .
simple task wrapper for the render ( ) method of the document model
count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n , i . e . determine the largest power of 2 that divides n .
assemble formatted text from structured information .
raw object from ctf directory .
put together all of the information necessary to request an instance on ec2 , and then fire off the request the instance .
return the path of the file that contains single head .
sql store commands
run a mysql query .
ensure that an account associated with the given email address is absent .
remove slave ( s ) from and existing zone .
removes a directory and all its contents .
wrap calling to a function with a generator which needs to yield exactly once .
context manager that sets a vagrant vm named name as the remote host .
store important configuration we will need to send to a follower .
return linode status description by internalstatus name status _ name internal linode vm status name
will copy desired headers from from _ r to to _ r
test if valid v4 uuid
inplace transform loop blocks for use as lifted loop .
return an appropriate filtering function for completions , given the valid of $ case _ sensitive _ completions
compute the legendre symbol a | p using
strip the stderr of a python process from potential debug output emitted by the interpreter .
return popular entries .
the pprint for the super type .
plot a histogram of the frame intervals .
finds a player with a name matching name and returns them as a list .
create a template that renders a formset
returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit
decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor
checks the md5sum between the given timezone , and the one set in / etc / localtime .
get a constant value for operating system
return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it .
return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider , with fields specified under query . selection in / etc / salt / cloud
maps keys for attachment summary view .
clear the state / exists values stored in context
get seconds since epoch .
build a : mod : pandas dataframe out of time series .
retrieve all url values ( in e . g .
check if shop wizard should be run .
step 3 replaces - ic , - ful , - ness etc .
parse the results of an object command
returns a page of commits to all collections in reverse time order .
asserting object identity .
list of failing checks .
gets the content of a file ; it may be a filename , file : url , or http : url .
sets the status of a credit requirement for the user , based on a verification checkpoint .
returns true if the given entities are coplanar otherwise false
convert a duration in millisecond to human natural representation .
choose the most efficient version .
parse the given atom , allowing access to its parts
convert an enum members value to its native value .
return an sqlalchemy query for all activities at an offset with a limit .
for third - party resources , when returned back to hardtree , close iframe
called when the user clicks the button to transfer control to cybersource .
analytic solution for the path of capital stock .
find youtube player url .
decorator for tests of the main interact loop .
unregister a given serializer .
set the hibernate timeout in minutes for the given power scheme
registered handler for csrf .
parse an ip address and return an unsigned int .
create bookmark actions depending on module installation : bookmarks = ( , . . . )
returns the logsbuffer used by the current request .
compute the rectified linear unit function inplace .
get all available regions for the aws cloudhsm service .
given a list of elements in the numerator and denominator , return a frac
causes a double free without a recent fix in wcslib _ wrap . c
attempt to remove the specified directory
check if supplied class looks like nose testcase
checks whether the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
return the type of disk to use .
return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider with relevant data .
return the location to use , in this order : - cli parameter - vm parameter - cloud profile setting
play the given media item .
returns the environment variable denoted by key .
determine if the file descriptor is a socket .
log that we are missing some requirements .
kills any other instance of this program .
given a port - name ( of the form com7 ,
search for an m - sequence , default time - out after 10 seconds
adds attribute with file location to each string variable
operator to disable evernote connection or create instance of geeknote
dot product - based euclidean norm implementation
escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
analyse a function .
a stable version has no letters in the final component , but only numbers .
finds blobs in the given grayscale image .
get cube triangle mesh by inradius .
removes an internal network interface from the specified router
returns the users role for the group .
want nice defaults for background _ gradient that dont break with non - numeric data .
remove flavor access for the given tenant .
get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
pause or continue the animation on mouse click .
non - parametric cluster - level 1 sample t - test .
get the enrollment report for the particular course .
return a representation of the given resource .
edge filter an image using the canny algorithm .
set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
converts human readable ipv6 string to int type representation .
start a data processing server .
test computation of psfs and ctfs for linear estimators
prints out the command and asks if it should be run .
return local mean of an image .
compute a image of the local variance
return an ascii - only json representation of a python string
returns true if path is a reparse point ; false otherwise .
here i is the index of the data point , j the index of the derivative
install python prereqs for measuring coverage .
prompts the user for any information missing from the given configuration .
list the files that belong to a package , grouped by package .
output the contents of one or more files to a single concatenated string .
returns neighbor configuration for given neighbor ip address .
get the inset points of the inset loops inside the loops .
get info about an installed postgresql extension
return change over time for the requested metric
return true if title is an series episode .
return a tuple of to be used by pygobject related hooks .
find out what items appear in autosummary : : directives in the given lines .
enter the native gui event loop .
order object for comparison purposes
return square - free decomposition of a polynomial in k [ x ] .
search using ajaxsearch , and return its json .
list subnets in a virtual network
convert a file size into the number of bytes
given a list of headers , put them into environ based on pep - 333 .
length - byte stream of random data from a seed .
helper function to convert megacycles to seconds .
temporarily inserts newlines to the text if the wrap option is enabled .
validate a theme exists or not
create a new image by taking a snapshot of a running server .
return the equivalency pairs for the radio convention for velocity .
construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length .
returns sample summary of sample counts by taxon
run the unit tests for all the modules in the provided list .
default literal block handler
fetches information of a certain router
colorize differences between two values if color is enabled .
compute gf _ pow _ mod using the frobenius map
build tooltestbuilder objects for each " " elements and return default interactor .
update static metadata json file
check that the system supports enough semaphores to run the test .
fatemans gcd benchmark : sparse inputs
generate markdown for function groups using the abstract api
return the activity stream of all recently added or changed packages .
upload a file to an s3 object .
separate expression into two parts based on dependencies of variables .
create a spliter over the specified widgets
parse / etc / hosts file .
list all floating ip pools .
custom formstyle for filters on the incident profile page - slightly tweaked formstyle _ foundation _ inline
helper function that turns an iterable of filepaths into a generator of keys .
compiles the translations .
force a value to text , render none as an empty string
provides a function that can be used as a decorator for other functions that require settings to be loaded .
this function tries to read the 2 jmxfetch status file which are yaml file located in the temp directory .
generate table header sort links .
make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension .
gets an instance info cache from the table .
generates the table midrule , which may be composed of several cmidrules .
create a process object for the given command .
parse options to determine the path to the documentation directory .
parses the vo warning string back into its parts .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
return a list of security group
this code is basically a many - pages - at - once version of cms . utils . page _ permissions . user _ can _ view _ page pages contains all published pages
check if logged in to router
turn a possibly relative url into a fully - qualified https url .
setup the zigbee switch platform .
parses a named character in a replacement string .
update scores and score explanations
return a user account .
view to filter over a given field for a report
verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list
yield multiple from a pipeline stage to send multiple values to the next pipeline stage .
return number of unmatched open / close brackets .
escape some character or utf - 8 byte data for inclusion in an html or xml document , by replacing metacharacters with their entity equivalents .
get the global _ conf dictionary sent to app _ factory .
union of sets
get new derivation .
convert rabbitmqctl output to a list of strings .
find all flaky tests in the given suites .
convenience function to explicitly return a " value " specification for a bokeh : class : ~ bokeh . core . properties . dataspec property .
tests binary classifier with classweights for each class
perform a query directly against the azure rest api
un - escape any percent - escape sequences in a uri that are unreserved characters .
parses the vulgar components present in the hsp dictionary .
computes multivariate guass - legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
returns true if the password is valid for the specified user .
given a valid config , create an alias to a function .
method to process a given metric , and resize it if necessary
configure the dnf base object .
create a " shim " view for a view function from the student django app .
the input polynomials p , q are in z [ x ] or in q [ x ] .
ensure a github user is absent . .
adds one or more taps .
update an existing user .
to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
generate a generator that iterates on a list of words , see ptb tutorial .
serialize a dictionary to xml .
normalized sliding window histogram
see comments on test _ ssltype _ ssl .
saves a screenshot of the webpage given in url into filename + " . png " width and height , if given , are in pixels if not given , the browsers default dimensions will be used .
renders missing parameters required for action to execute .
analysis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus residual model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ; n : fft size , t : threshold in negative db , minsinedur : minimum duration of sinusoidal tracks maxnsines : maximum number of parallel sinusoids freqdevoffset : frequency deviation allowed in the sinusoids from frame to frame at frequency 0 freqdevslope : slope of the frequency deviation , higher frequencies have bigger deviation returns hfreq , hmag , hphase : harmonic frequencies , magnitude and phases ; xr : residual signal
searches the repository for given pkg name .
a default styled qwidget subclass paintevent function .
takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used .
return a list of namedtuple representing the cpu times for every cpu available on the system .
determines whether the given kevent represents modification .
returns a list of sentences , where punctuation marks have been split from words .
works out a suitable initial value for a parameter ( e . g . to go into the _ _ init _ _ of a stimulus object , avoiding using a variable name if possible
upper confidence bound
pootle no args should give help
returns the server root directory in config
test of equivalence for two independent samples
sets multiple hash fields to multiple values .
calculates a simple entropy for a given string
translates a matrix by .
apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
fetches the feedbackanalytics for the given exploration id .
returns the translated language dict for the given type and name .
finds the period of a in modulo n arithmetic
helper function to plot a gallery of portraits
get integer logo option .
strips and replaces the doctype , returns rss _ version may be rss091n or none stripped _ data is the same xml document with a replaced doctype
enable / disable auto restart of supervisor processes
get the complex polygon .
collect statistics for each of the fields in the user input data file and return a stats dict object .
find all masked and / or non - finite points in a set of arguments , and return the arguments with only the unmasked points remaining .
return the availables plugins from an url in ninja - ide web page
parse a list of options , each in the format of .
try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
unreviewed / featuredaddon status flags for use as css classes
get file handle for given path / buffer and mode .
preprocess an expression to optimize for common subexpression elimination .
return an instantiated filter .
get the current colorable artist .
returns a list of attributes for given module string .
get the sorted index of the original list .
check if the ip address is valid
calculates the mean of the num most recent values .
helper to define a counted list of expressions .
update an existing descriptor or add a new one .
set the repoze . who cookie to match a given user _ id
remove html markup from the given string .
expected simple _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
left is a sql clause like tablename . arg = and lst is a list of values .
dynamically create a package into which to load plugins .
list ports of a service .
delete the given extra specs item .
when applied between a wsgi server and a wsgi application , this middleware will check for wsgi compliancy on a number of levels .
returns the plugin controller associoated with the given package type .
create a table of contents for the given document .
simple wrapper for permission _ required decorator .
looks to see if apcaccess is present on the system
transcribe the given audio file asynchronously .
return true if the two strings are equal , false otherwise .
return for from / to / contact header .
convert specs list to a dict .
utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion
delete zabbix users .
convert a datetime into a timestamp , represented as the number of seconds since january 1 , 1970 utc .
join a / - delimited path .
compute the unitary , ordinary - frequency inverse fourier transform of f , defined as . .
a fake target function for testing timerservice which does nothing .
call a single system command with arguments , return its stdout .
expose the function or class , optionally providing an alias or set of aliases .
resend a gntp notify message to growl running on a local osx machine
return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme .
subtracts date from another date and returns time between .
returns the directory / filename where the subject will be stored .
scans the database for null instance _ uuid records .
struct _ declaration _ list : struct _ declaration
wrap request handler methods with this decorator if they will require asynchronous access to dynamodb datastore or s3 object store for photo storage .
parses the given server _ string and returns a tuple of host and port .
get the value of a configuration parameter .
test decorator that skips tests on 32bit platforms .
parse the command line and kick off the subcommand .
return a dictionary of matching lines .
helper function to crawl an attribute specified for retrieval
paginator template tag
called to set up the module by the test runner
remote interactive interpreter
merge changes to a working copy and / or switch branches .
return the text style dict for a text instance
render the node depending on its type
given a cassandra type name , hand back the cassandratype class responsible for it .
get all block device mapping belonging to an instance .
get precisision for given currency from babel .
check if the given argument is in bounds for the given type .
setup the mqtt cover .
clears a range of lines for multi - line comments .
returns the haystack field type that would likely be associated with each
actor - learner thread implementing asynchronous one - step q - learning , as specified in algorithm 1 here : URL
gets the current date .
transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id .
create an error string based on passed in error .
write client config to filename .
return output of lsmod .
given a toc _ path , write rst and return a file object .
find out if a repository is already installed into galaxy - there are several scenarios where this is necessary .
this module scans for ssrf in request uri and body and confirms the vulnerability using mobsf cloud server .
validates give port for use as rpc server port .
called on the result of the function
this function initializes the frequencies dict with null values .
fetch bears and filter them based on given list of languages .
return the chi - squared statistic .
parse privilege string to determine permissions for database db .
make sure correct icon is used on windows 7 taskbar
get the executive summary report for the particular course .
provides the user id the given process is running under .
check the length of each key and value of dictionary .
generator doing the heavy lifting for language _ tools .
create a file - like object for the specified url to read from .
get the service entry for a given compute host .
build the sse2 wininst installer .
checks regular users cannot access the admin site .
check if the original urls were loaded correctly .
return the full data about the publication , this is invoked in the same way as the publish function
return result after masking .
return a dictionary suitable for use in package _ data in a distutils setup . py file .
import plugins of type class located at dirpath into the namespace that starts with module _ prefix .
return the number of active cpus on a darwin system .
generates the alternating group of order n , an .
get a dashboard .
return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config
only load if boto libraries exist .
retrieve the config from the specified path , returning it as a config dict .
load the china smoking / lung cancer data and return a dataset class .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
returns the hash of the given value , used for signing order key stored in cookie for remembering address fields .
print a patch to our frames object into the given open file .
return the hosts currently configured for memcached .
convert from rgb to cone space .
get entry name from dict yaml _ dict
toggle data register d4 bit
return a relying party verification xrds document
deletes a vlanid entry from db
gets the resource limits .
runs a2dissite for the given site .
returns a tuple of tiers for a given device in ascending order by length .
reports for missing stl includes .
return true if the given issue is a pull request .
this endpoint is named create _ order for backward compatibility , but its actual use is to add a single product to the users cart and request immediate checkout .
get a generator of dicts for the stats model given by the filters .
context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . exceptions . validationerrors ( for
get reasonable frequency limits .
merge sorted chunk files into a sorted output file chunkcount - the number of available chunk files outputfile the name of the sorted output file _ mergefiles ( )
register a model - specific existence check function .
return a preview xmodule instantiated from the supplied descriptor .
kill processes matching a pattern .
convert a scipy . sparse matrix to a sympy matrix .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
ignore if the user is not allowed to administer the package specified .
joint res ids go from a - z , aa - zz , etc .
generate instance of gre class with information for nvgre .
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
converts a string value to bytes , if necessary .
generates desired percentiles of times spent in each rpc .
get a constant value for operating system
loads data from the cifar10 pickle files and writes files to a tfrecord .
returns a list of social authentication providers .
generate isotropic gaussian and label samples by quantile
grow pool by n processes / threads .
mean absolute error
like enumerate but in the other sens
build bokehjs files under the bokehjs source subdirectory .
closes the socket and kills the thread
start a node .
pull all rtl translations from transifex
create bag from many dask . delayed objects
get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
flat page view .
find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables .
creates a query to filter events based on filterform arguments
parses timestamps used for creating tasks .
direct products of the generators gens1 and gens2
sample autocovariance at specified lag .
test git with two " names " pointing to the same commit
check the a pid is registered in / proc raise nosuchprocess exception if not
public routine to open a file as a posixfile object .
decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . load _ dynamic ( ) .
get bevel loop .
return any optional timestamp information in the request .
returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script .
loads object ( s ) from file specified by filepath .
create an log record by using a table to provide the parts .
decode a base64 - encoded string and write the result to a file . .
inputhook for cocoa
atomic file writer .
given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname , check whether the mapping exists .
drop to warning level and down to get around gen . generate ( ) log . info output
return a mock patching the variable with qualified name * q _ var _ name * .
returns a storage object with all the cookies in it .
list programs and its state user user to run supervisorctl as conf _ file path to supervisord config file bin _ env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed
raise exception if provider attributes are present .
checks the status code of a coordinate sequence operation .
view a user with the given username .
return the desktop
close a room .
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
executes a statement and returns a sorted list plain tuple rows .
returns the local node configuration
convert continuous line to post - steps .
check if the port need to be serviced by dvr
take pacman - qi or pacman - si output and get the version
starts a background process a students attempts counter for entrance exam .
swaps two rows of a csr matrix in - place .
gets the current time with millisecond precision .
seeds numpys random number generator with the value returned by fetch _ seed .
replaces predefined sql keywords with representations suitable for replacement ( e . g . . replace ) filters
compute the end - of - live information for variables .
create a new activity stream activity .
get the x window system window identifier previously set with
decorator for checking package _ data before running a given command
returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x .
return the rank of a matrix x based on its generalized inverse , not the svd .
takes a generatedcertificate instance , and checks to see if a badge exists for this course , creating it if not , should conditions be right .
extract word features into a normalized matrix
show the details of all the questions of a particular template
stop all or specified cover .
returns a list of the drop table sql , then the create table sql , for the given module .
download the given package , returning the responses json as a dict or none if an error occurred .
attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset .
emits a settings changed event for each field that has changed .
takes a list of one - element dicts and repacks into a single dictionary .
median absolute deviation : median ( abs ( a - median ( a ) ) ) / c
provide information about all known plugins format of the output : { , { { : ,
set the " must split " annotation on the first leaf node .
decorator for adding utc tzinfo to datetimes utcfoo methods
convert unicode to str using pyreadline _ codepage
get version information or return default if unable to do so .
computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers .
insert basic host information into the database
this will import and yield modules whose names start with test _ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
returns the max - age from the response cache - control header as an integer ( or none if it wasnt found or wasnt an integer .
corrects metrics and other meta information .
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
gets a virtual interface from the table .
ensure a user is present . .
create a membership along with its dependencies
adds a tablespace to the postgres server .
fetch the msx example dataset hdu .
format a list of message sizes into a complete uidl response .
perform any argument value coercion necessary for tcp client parameters .
returns dataset from csv stream .
get the distance squared to the closest segment of the loop and index of that segment .
a simple tasks that replies to a message after a especified amount of seconds .
write to a filename with a suffix and print a message .
detect the best version depending on the fields used .
unpack multiple sets 7z of 7zip files from workdir to workdir _ complete .
return a list of enabled services .
only load if the icinga2 module is available in _ _ salt _ _
chunked proxy for resources .
execute optional pre and post methods around the decorated function .
given the data for one read it returns 2 strs with the fasta seq and fasta qual .
rfc 2822 states that line lengths in emails must be less than 998 .
returns the setup _ script and servers objects from the deployment template specified by the first command line argument .
set the value of an attribute , firing history events .
returns content unchanged .
return a taxon identifier according to nexus standard .
write load to all returners in multi _ returner
ask the message interactively , with the given possible responses
return an auto - proxy for token
decorator to temporarily replace input / getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
check if the user has a profile with nolockout
returns the value of a configuration variable .
copy a file to a folder
calculate percentage of code / doc / comment / empty
validate an action configuration dictionary , as imported from actions . yml , for example .
only work on windows
obtained from URL > > > try : > > > do _ something _ crazy ( ) > > > except exception : > > > reraise _ as
perform a version comparison on a value
adds mathjax script for restructuredtext
lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its streamwriter class or factory function .
write the attributes either to the user or profile instance
ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode .
given a target clause and a second to search within , return true if the target is plainly present in the search without any subqueries or aliases involved .
alternate shell file .
loads common settings from conf
repeatedly joins the given requeue or queue . queue with short timeout .
moves to a previously created room , using the stored exits
number of different types substitutions between two codons .
function for drawing event lines .
check classification on a toy dataset .
permanently purge a deleted document .
remove an element from the tree , keeping elem . tail
runs thumbor server with the specified arguments .
make linux system go into hibernate , returns after wakeup
returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word
given an event _ source dictionary , create the object and get the event source status .
restful crud controller - used for imports
only load this module if the pg _ createcluster bin exists
checks if web2py is up to date
schaffer test objective function .
calculates the next partition value of a key .
array - interface compliant full description of a column .
restful crud controller
return a list of pages to index
return folder / drive free space
count number of synonyms that differ between the database and es .
revoke task by task id .
get the current exception info as traceback object .
adds directory to the path environment variable and returns the original one .
set answers to debconf questions from a file .
return partition information for a device .
the imperative mood is used to give orders , commands , warnings , instructions , or to make requests .
checks if the given solution satisfies the partial differential equation .
mark func as a snippet example function .
converts an xml string into a codesearchentry object .
helper to test for a generator object .
starts multiple worker processes .
returns the number of cpus in the system
returns a hamiltonian path in the given tournament graph .
chain two futures together so that when one completes , so does the other .
borrowed from the py lib .
function to enroll / add or unenroll / revoke students .
set the random seeds .
require an persona reviewer user .
compare two blocks for equivalence .
sort a list of strings ignoring case .
construct a url to the external analytics dashboard
tests a few varying dark energy eos models against a mathematica computation
adds static - related context variables to the context .
writes to filename , making sure to close the file explicitly on exit .
signals in stdout if were using a deprecated function .
placeholder function for a cmd . script alike .
tries decoding a byte string from the os into a unicode string
only use entry _ points that are supplied by the xmodule package
returns list of student , student _ name in student group .
given a request , get all the facility / group / user objects relevant to the request , subject to the permissions of the user type .
l1 - penalized covariance estimator along a path of decreasing alphas
sets the format that should be returned by the web service .
create a tcp socket with or without ipv6 depending on system support
read a python file from a url , using the encoding declared inside the file .
returns a list and a count of entities of the given kind .
ensure that the firewall is stopped .
compile sass to css .
determine if we have solved the problem .
builds a dictionary structure which defines the given macro .
utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states
only load if the victorops module is available in _ _ salt _ _
removes a hook from a method on a class
the inverse lookup voor boolean choices should also work on related models
set the given properties on an image and update it .
compute minimum of std and iqr for each variable .
build an executable program from a cython module .
reads archive created by pkg backup - d and recreates the database .
initialize the global qwebsettings .
builds and returns a latitude of given value .
call the blas matrix * matrix product function for the given arguments .
normalize a rest text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
return the name of the package that owns the file .
provides smartos state provided for smartos
given a list of lists from get _ addresses ( ) , this function returns an updated lists of lists containing the geolocation .
this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
returns true if the input is related to the news .
wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance , and result .
migration which inserts the default system roles .
satisfy all the partitionspecs according to their weight .
return the corresponding absolute path for path .
creates a context with no options or targets by default .
release an eip from your eip pool
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
returns the closeness vitality for nodes in the graph .
identical to parseresponse , except that : 1 .
convert rabbitmqctl output to a list of strings .
clear the pattern cache
get the gradient for the weights in this edge .
return a dict of monolith based statistics queries .
delete a repository reference ( see git update - ref ( 1 ) ) .
return a formatted , localized version of datetime based on the current context .
checks that the file contains a header guard .
return a client , hashed by the list of masters
defines a setting that is only found in msvs .
send webhook notification for project webhook
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
verify that the query fragment and / or design are in the query history .
returns json - encoded lists of layer identifiers that represent the sets of read - write and read - only layers for the currently authenticated user .
parse input arguments
takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the
convert an opcode to text .
returns true if the node is a negative reply .
make a list of datasets deleted
execute the given action function before a responder method .
list features on the system or in a package
adds a custom type to l { type _ map } .
compute roots of cyclotomic polynomials .
thanks to mark r .
get the centers from the intersection loops .
list out the low data that will be applied to this minion
sort and iterate through codes printing out error codes and messages in rst format .
convert f into a tuple .
calculate a one - dimensional maximum filter along the given axis .
get new repository .
serialize a python object into a yaml stream .
decode uuencoded file
create a rgw
reorder resources against datasets .
perform a pull on the given repository cwd
clears mongo database .
download daily bars from yahoo ! finance for a given year .
returns archivers in common configurations .
removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used
returns the queues associated with each worker .
run all examples in the list of modules .
django harvest can run only specified scenarios with - - scenarios or - s options
test the behavior of - - uptodate flag in the list command
create sample quota , quotausage and reservation objects .
generate a user - friendly error message in response to a protectederror exception .
get the number of distinct frequency bands for an equalizer .
return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary
writes a file with context for each erroneous word after tagging testing data
if the items are tagged with a musicbrainz album id , returns an
render the template for the onionshare landing page .
update flags and labels .
return which packages own each of the services that are currently enabled .
iterate over genbank formatted entries as record objects .
defined in admin module , so redirect there
run behave tests .
returns the secret token that delimits content wrapped in the nevercache template tag .
configure style of region based on option .
given a course _ id and thread _ id , test for comment depth .
commits a container , thereby promoting it to an image .
returns a subset of annotation objects based on a search query .
get endpoints from segments .
read layout from a file .
perform the peep install subcommand , returning a shell status code or raising a pipexception .
reloads djangos url config .
unsets a cmake variable .
these are various g - specific functions that help us implement the algorithm for all graph types : graph , multigraph , directed or not .
proxy for either true _ div or int _ div , depending on types of x , y .
ssh into a server .
get an ec2 instance attribute .
read a file and return the resulting data .
bokeh - internal function to get argspec for a callable
iterates over all templates in the template dirs configured and translates them and writes the new templates into the output directory .
prints the fortran representation of the given expression .
helper function that returns a module system and student _ data bound to a user and a descriptor .
print a list of all objects
test plotting dipole amplitudes .
get pagination variables for template
returns a rendered resource view snippet .
return mercurial revision for the repository located at repopath
read evoked data from a fif file .
bullseye representation for the left ventricle .
returns open cart for given user or creates one .
get the first paragraph of some markdown text , potentially truncated .
generate des key schedule from ascii password .
closes the specified review request as submitted .
start a new thread .
returns the text from the node , handling that it could be unicode .
temporarily duplicated from nltk . sem . util .
check if keepalived supports ipv6 functionality .
emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ update _ commands ( ) .
create the modules index .
adds a new task for sending email .
the url that the user used when the process where interupted for single - sign - on processing .
sets up the logging options for a log with supplied name
since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background
parse iso 8601 date time from string .
determines if data sharing consent is required at a given location
create task message in protocol 1 format .
ansible oc module for version
search for all the python related files , and construct the pythonxx . zip
decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
signal handler : dump a stack trace for each existing thread .
make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances .
helper function for grad function .
return the title , description , and thumbnail svg image data from a scheme _ file .
creates lmdb database and images
get the maximum distance from a path to an infinite line .
add a job to the queue .
return an iterator over the graph nodes .
send connect to database .
return a dictionary containing pairs : math : { : c _ kn } where
makes pseudo mapping file from coords .
builds a dict mapping fully - qualified target names to their target dicts .
try to reactivate the expired domain name returns the following information in a dictionary issuccess bool indicates whether the domain was renewed successfully amount charged for reactivation orderid unique integer value for the order transactionid unique integer value for the transaction
cast _ expression : unary _ expression
allows a user to follow another user .
print help message .
print a message and exit .
coerce a string / np . dtype to a dtype
recursively traverse an object until a flat list is found .
process the xml element by derivation .
combine the host header , ip address , and tcp port into bindinginformation format .
determine if the groups need to be changed
converts a sparse tensor into a dense tensor and returns it .
set up a wake on lan switch .
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ kwargs _ _ doc _ _
prompt the user for help getting the correct plural form for a word .
return a list of security groups to use , defaulting to [ default ]
helper to get attribute values for n attribute names
test reading an extremely large integer , which falls through to string due to an overflow error .
dumps out server threads .
resolves the raw device that contains the path .
return the language local to this thread , or the default .
returns the average local efficiency of the graph .
evaluate a spline at the new set of points .
parse a url into 6 components :
given a dataset , a number of teachers , and some input data , this helper function queries each teacher for predictions on the data and returns all predictions in a single array .
ensure cloud formation stack is present .
rgb to lab color space conversion .
downloads a promo image from the location passed to the task .
initalize a home assistant server .
to rollback the last committed configuration changes
method to decode streams using the jbig2 standard
integrate plugins to the context
creates windows paths detector .
used by main ( ) to save the password in the parameters _ port . py file .
returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data
remove hosts from label .
measures the " similarity " of the strings .
raise a runtimeerror if the current python version isnt at least min _ version .
check if installed packages are the latest versions and fire an event for those that have upgrades .
version of : func : imp . find _ module supporting dots .
fixture to provide a requests mocker .
compute a batched tensordot product .
a version of pythons urllib . urlencode ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
start a bunch of pings and monitor them using popen
retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node .
if the file _ roots option has a key that is none then we will error out , just replace it with an empty list
transform accentuated unicode symbols into their simple counterpart
reboot a server .
try to render a report with contents of ids
normalize a string so that it can be used as an attribute to a python object
determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
open file and return a stream .
get vector3 from xml element .
convert the markdown source file to html as per the config and site _ navigation .
convenience function for creating icon set rules
looks up the exceptions on github , parses them into a dict , and inserts them into the scene _ exceptions table in cache . db .
decorator to switch an url from http to https .
removes a given single role for a user from a domain .
compute the anova f - value for the provided sample .
tracks messages for the . seen command
returns a list of attribute strings , found in the specified object , which represent callable attributes
return the credentials for aws signing .
decode hexlified field .
this method will import all the content inside of the drafts folder , if content exists .
list users who have level access .
decides whether a process matches with a given process descriptor
calculate the combination hash for a given mapping of variable pks to value pks .
fit a single bit of data .
a random 16 - digit hex string .
test that a blank special character field is valid .
called from digits . model . views . models _ show ( )
return the value of a given attribute or db _ property on the sessions current player or character .
execute a vector of arguments .
since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized , return whether our init ( ) function has been called
build an image from a current system description .
cover each column containing a starred zero .
return of all untracked files for a given prefix .
return an array equivalent to the input array .
identify a free disk dev name for a bus .
a decorator that catches any exceptions thrown by the decorated function and logs them along with a traceback .
return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state
help reduce redundancy between tfr _ morlet and tfr _ multitaper .
converts an arbitrary expression to a type that can be used inside sympy .
return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target .
read the data at the given path .
retrieve the branded footer .
attach an existing disk to an existing instance .
set our global store of plugin name and icon resources for sharing between the interfaceaction class which reads them and the configwidget if needed for use on the customization dialog for this plugin .
build / compile
get the weights from an array of distances and a parameter weights
return some git info
returns a neighbor in _ filter for given ip address if exists .
hipchat object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
return a dictionary of ip information for an instance .
if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous , returns a datetime version of it .
generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree .
print colorize text .
returns all rows from a cursor as a dict
wait until all spot requests are fulfilled .
get the convolutional layers of the model .
given a " host : port " string , attempts to parse it as intelligently as possible to determine if it is valid .
run flocker - volume with the given arguments .
generate thumbnail name from filename .
urban [ id ] - - looks up on urbandictionary . com .
compute the reciprocity for the whole graph .
convert behave json dialect into cucumber json dialect .
returns the jacobian for discrete regressors for use in margeff _ cov _ params .
this could be a high level " runner " tool we ship .
fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance .
make a tag object with a default set of values .
return the migration for a given class name
return the primary group of the named user . .
raise an exception with an informative error message if table _ id is not found .
returns all possible variations of a sequence with optional items .
validate each entry in options and raise a warning if it is not valid .
encode message instance to json string .
returns dictionary of all host metadata
process the xml element .
calculates the harmonic mean along the specified axis .
recognise polynomial cases .
returns true if the file - like object can be written to .
wait for mulitiple tasks to complete .
missing persons list
return a mimetype for the given path based on file extension .
output the log of the start and the end of the method .
compute size and number of files of a file - based data store .
set current system keyboard setting
hex encoding method .
you can override this fixture to set the worker pool .
formats all the elementwise cones for the solver .
write the special text chunk indicating the depth to a png file .
standard error for the estimate of a proportion
set / get the ylimits of the current axes : : ymin , ymax = ylim ( ) # return the current ylim ylim ( ) # set the ylim to ymin , ymax ylim # set the ylim to ymin , ymax
ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph
pack the data for tcpip forwarding .
only work on openbsd
computes r ^ 2 regression score function .
returns a node that links to a resources documentation .
this function returns a string containing js code to remove an alert message .
copy a file or directory
closes connection with the device .
change text color for the linux terminal , defaults to green .
generates a change list for a single collection node change .
fix up a key in json format
return the current runlevel
implements the main method running this smoke test .
returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
replacement for reload ( ) .
imposes the changes in extraconfig over the existing extraconfig .
converts unicode characters to ascii character equivalents .
returns true if mongo is running , false otherwise .
runs the model on the given data .
updates the device metadata .
merges a single protocol message scalar field into a message .
compute the user password of the pdf file
run system tests
returns the xdg configuration directory , according to the xdg base directory spec _ .
convert kit files to the fiff format .
multi - dimensional uniform fourier filter .
extra filter args for get _ jobs : - not _ yet _ run : include only jobs that have not yet started running .
execute a python command with pyenvs shims using a specific python version .
helper for djangos reverse in templates .
create a new group type .
return set of data data extensions
create a parser from a file or returns none on error .
function help determinate a min / max value defined in config .
run in debug mode in local
slugify a string
check if pyconfig . h . in has been regenerated .
thin wrapper for the course import manager .
given a thing , reactivate notifications for possible recipients .
apply python function on each dataframe partition .
read the last wtmp file and return information on the logins . .
clears the cache each time a site is saved or deleted
formatted string showing the 6 frame translations and gc content .
return usersocialauth details .
ensure the named rackspace queue is deleted .
add point complexes on the segment between the edge intersections with z .
prints an xml tree with each node indented according to its depth .
design second - order iir notch digital filter .
its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff .
returns ip address for request - first checks http _ x _ forwarded _ for header , since app will generally be behind a public web server .
queries users by user id , filtering by friendships .
use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts .
declare a module - level attribute as being deprecated .
disassociate volume type from qos specs .
return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an
cyclic permutations based on canonical ordering
first from second goes through the first list , looking for items in the second , returns the first one
process the xml element .
compile the code in src and return a recipe object , if found .
convert indexer for partial string selection if data has datetimeindex / periodindex
pythons bisect does not allow for a get / key so it can not be used on a list of dictionaries .
write an ipac table that contains no data .
expression : lparen expression rparen
sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
sort the given message iterable by the given criteria .
return the output from the three - neuron network with weights w and inputs x .
read up to * n * bytes from file descriptor * fd * .
short hand for telling when a new branch is needed
search for path in the list of directories dirs .
any given evaluation is likely to have many prngs active at once .
sends the activation token to the users email address .
safely removes content from a given directory
generate testing data
write dask array to a stack of . npy files
a unittest suite for one or more doctest files .
returns a cluster in a datacenter .
register many format items into the registry .
create dmg containing the rootdir .
sends an email to a user once their is _ active status goes from false to true when the accounts _ approval _ required setting is true .
returns multiple choice options for schema questions
displays the login form and handles the login action .
add a link to the enriched iso metadata
a list comprehension of the form [ xp for fp in it if test ] .
return a mutable copy of the given numberformat object
reads text file with one number per line to an array .
parse a string to a list of exactly 2 integers .
returns the profile form defined by settings . accounts _ profile _ form _ class .
copy lines from one file to another
returns whether or not * wvalues1 * dominates * wvalues2 * .
converts an stts tag to a penn treebank ii tag .
run a wmi query and return a result .
return archives entries as a tree .
create a new controlampservice .
parse our password data format into password and salt
returns a new dataset formed by extracting a range of examples from an existing dataset .
provided for backwards compatibility .
returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay : URL test - if - executable - exists - in - python
a helper function that intelligently wraps text .
initialize logging within this tool .
list of ints = > list of longs , only on py2 .
render graphviz code into a png or pdf output file .
gather and return io stats .
whether the hash value denotes a deleted entry .
make sure _ type _ info contents are sane
babel extraction method for jinja templates .
add the required html to the parsed content for in - line editing , such as the icon and edit form if the object is deemed to be editable - either it has an editable method which returns true , or the logged in user has change permissions for the model .
run openpyxl in default mode .
a more traditional view that also demonstrate an alternative way to use haystack .
post - registration processing : derive mean _ fa and mean _ fa _ skeleton from mean of all subjects in study .
read the footer size in bytes , which is serialized as little endian .
check that estimator . _ _ init _ _ doesnt set trailing - _ attributes .
start a zeromq device .
convert a list of graftpoints into a dict
get and write an svg text and print messages .
validate the beacon configuration
calculate the p - value for the passed tau and vector length n .
factory to generate syntax highlighter for the given filename .
send an event with the given tag and data .
given a devices path , yield an auditlocation for all objects stored under that directory if device _ dirs isnt set .
dump a certificate to a buffer
talker indication section 9 . 1 . 44
a simple way to read bootstrap settings in a template .
patch old routing system
recursively sort keys of input data and all its nested dictionaries .
subroutine to create a form entry .
creates and saves a userprofile with the given email .
play the files in the path one after the other by using the callback function to advance to the next song .
generate circle perimeter coordinates .
restart container ( s ) in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted restart all containers path
parses keyword arguments in tags .
run a python function .
calculate for results file .
normalize the values in a list between 0 and 1 . 0 .
returns a tuple , , with the scene numbering , otherwise returns the xem numbering , otherwise returns the tvdb numbering .
returns a wsgi app and a configuration dictionary
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
return base object and dropself indicator for an object .
write to db
get the object that a bound method is bound to .
log out the user from the application .
code taken from URL
metafy the next character typed .
traverse the given expression structure , returning an iterator .
try to find an expression for the meijer g function specified by the g _ function func .
set the see parameters from the zone parameters .
attempt to retrieve metadata from the openstack metadata service .
decorator turning any task into a view that applies the task asynchronously .
get a unique , non existing , temporary filename .
returns a doctest . outputchecker subclass that takes in account the
install the reactor with the given c { shortname } attribute .
update an item .
returns a tuple which has the property that it fits within box _ width and box _ height and has the same aspect ratio as the original size
deserialize a stream or string of json data .
request to have attempts reset for a entrance exam as a background task .
function to update the metadata of a question corresponding to the record
get group type by id .
user avatar page .
run a generic racadm command against a particular blade in a chassis .
wrap the _ do _ request function to handle http redirects .
scans through all tests and add them to the database .
finds a package and returns the prefix as well as the folder that contains the package or module as a tuple .
wraps a class , finds methods within that have been decorated with @ dataprovider and adds them , by their name , to a map in the class .
converts a thermo couple voltage reading to an appropriate temperature reading .
helper function to log no credentials found error
return a list of service that are enabled on boot
build hdf5 image dataset .
downscale the input by a specified factor
validates the incoming data and raises a invalid exception if anything is out of order .
esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle .
prepare and merge a params from modelines and configs .
simple bidirectional xor " encryption " routine used by this service .
create an image object from the specified data which should be a bytestring and also return the format of the image
return a list of the image sizes that are on the provider
updates the current list of featured activity references .
schedules tricks with the specified observer and for the given watch path .
parses a multipart / form - data body .
parse a feed from a url , file , stream , or string .
check this key .
elementwise softplus function .
need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path . .
parse a string according to a hungarian 8 - bit date format .
test filter plotting .
dataframe - centric function to impute censored valies with ros .
delete virtual interface records that are associated with the instance given by instance _ id .
capitalize the current word .
complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack
same as requests / requests / api . py request except it use sessionsinglepool and force proxies
returns the default cheatsheet path
helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes .
search for a dna subseq in sequence .
return true if the file is mach - o
check we have support for a type library , generating if not .
remove temporary files created while running tests .
send a json representation of a list of inventories .
w : a theano matrix of rbm weights num visible x num hidden
checks if a role exists .
get new repository .
resolves and instantiates handler by fully qualified name .
get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active .
adds a quote to a nick , returns message string
returns a boolean if user has any unfulfilled milestones
clone the given value .
returns the marginal precision of the targets in a dataset .
returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path
get the cpu times for processes running on a cluster .
shortens a name to the given number of characters .
run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository .
enable jquery animations .
themes queue in interactive format .
return a dummy .
factory for a type checking function of type t or tuple of types .
get a forecast for a location
retrieve the aws account id for the authenticated user or role
frequencies of stft transformation .
return a globally unique random string in rfc 2822 message - id format
get values listed in from and , and return a formated list of values , designed to be given to a ureport . table object
stop the scheduler , destroy instance
remove names references .
rcctl ( 8 ) is only available on openbsd .
convert model between model formats .
parse json string into jsondict .
log in to the api and generate the authentication token .
allows you to put a highlighted source code block in your code .
json call to create new edx account .
converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966 ; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it .
callback to parse - - ssh - bind - ports
set the cflags variable
get new vector3 if the original vector3 is none .
sets the logging verbosity used via context . log _ level ,
calculate the cie x , y , and z coordinates corresponding to a light source with spectral distribution given by the function spec _ intens , which is called with a series of wavelengths between 380 and 780 nm , which returns emittance at that wavelength in arbitrary units .
check whether the specified name contains invalid characters
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
checks issues for bep 1 compliance .
copy an entire directory tree src to a new location dst .
walk a directory and load tool xml elements .
ncname is defined in URL # nt - ncname
returns figure for a 2d density plot
returns d with empty values stripped
remove a section of a module file
writes truncated quality score files out in proper format trunc _ qual _ scores : dict of seq label : numpy array of scores as ints qual _ out _ fp : output filepath to write truncated quality scores to seq _ order : list of full fasta labels to write to output filepath and maintain the same order as input quality file .
masked arrays can not be resized inplace , and np . resize and ma . resize are both incompatible with structured arrays .
turn interactive mode on .
view a profile by username .
an old name for the make _ color function , deprecated for the next version .
extracts the parameters for what constitutes a plural .
pretty print the dictionary params
resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine
get a specific group by uuid .
automatically set up listeners on sink for events raised by source .
return event data via smtp
add volume type access for project .
return an integer appropriate for use as a flag for the re module from a list of human - readable strings . .
return our argparse type function for a config variable
builds the date argument for event rules .
updates firmware using local firmware file . .
given a reference to the _ threading _ local module , fix _ localbase . _ _ new _ _ .
calculate the bounding box of the text .
this function can colorize python source that is written in a webpage enclosed in tags .
checks if there are any rq workers running
get transferred paths from inside paths .
select microversion from test and configuration min version .
avoid breaks before binary operators .
given a user and an iterable of credentials , get corresponding programs data and return it as a list of dictionaries .
confine this module to windows systems
computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k [ x ] .
compile a blaze expression to a sparksql expression
construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference
steamcalc - gets value of steam account .
print the table of types of most common instances .
create a fake optionvaluecontainer object for testing .
create an openstack session from the given configuration .
test if request is from a trusted ip .
reader function for edf + , bdf conversion to fif .
set up the thinkingcleaner platform .
decorator to make a repr function return fillvalue for a recursive call
resolve an entire list of user ids to screen names .
format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter .
returns internal cache object
create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs , plus any similar fields on the base classes .
builder for rebulk object .
try and discover the multipath device for a volume .
outputs an expires header for delta from now .
return apps information from osquery
render an openid error page to the user
list all users .
b - spline basis function of order n .
validate as an eternet mac address .
analyzes url statistics and generates data for drill page .
builds and returns the cdrom attach config spec .
set key in a particular gnome schema
instantiate the inception v3 architecture , optionally loading weights pre - trained on imagenet .
return the url for the supplied identity dictionary .
ecc stands for eddy currents correction .
get equation for cylindrical .
returns the class
assign forum default role student
imports the datasource from the object to the database .
return the unique initial part of the sysex message without any arguments , to identify a sysex message .
list all collections
create nested frames with a border and optional label .
write summary information about column to the out filehandle .
returns the scalar potential difference between two points in a certain frame , wrt a given field .
search for works and return a dict with a work - list key .
return compansion matrix for the var ( 1 ) representation for a var ( p ) process
figure out the module in which a function occurs .
helper for selecting bad channels onpick .
get the list of series followed by the authenticated user
type _ qualifier _ list : type _ qualifier
hide the tweet with a given id .
returns a local port number that will refuse all connections .
randomly create the secret key for the settings file
require the python2 - couchdb libraries
get minimum radius .
returns the full path to chocolatey . bat on the host .
install a wheel
update a users information
flow a gcode linear move file .
opens a connection to the server based on the full uri .
load properties for the cassandra module from config or pillar .
returns the values of x satisfying a * x congruent b mod ( m )
get the monogo _ return options from salt .
extract messages from any source files found in the given directory .
serve path as an application / x - download attachment .
make a unifrac - like metric , for only one row of the dissm mtx
returns quoted po term string , with special po characters escaped
return search click through rate based on goal 11 in google analytics .
attempt to explain any error in task stderr , be it a python exception or a problem with a setup command .
concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate _ raws .
follow symlink in ~ / and determine the suffix for the target ( of the form . [ a - f0 - 9 ] + .
checks that the given value is in the range [ 0 , 60 ] .
retrieve all enabled user groups .
return a list of vms that are on the provider
os - specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path ; not recommended for general use .
decode bson data from a file to multiple documents as a generator .
this function extracts an estimate of the beat rate for a musical signal .
return a container dict which confirms to / v1 / endpoints . json # / definitions / configuration _ container
run statement under profiler , supplying your own globals and locals , optionally saving results in filename .
get the quadratic point .
loadshapetexture - load 8 - bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object .
invert the permutation giver by indices .
convert windows 64 - bit timestamp to string .
displays a message saying that an error was found in some test _ values .
returns the users cohort for the specified course .
update apts package metadata cache .
ensures a is quoted properly for use in a sql query .
create an image tag .
create a resource for interacting with an api .
this function detects instances of the most representative part of a music recording , also called " music thumbnails " .
returns the backend by name or raises keyerror
prompt the user for a yes or no .
creates api method for a resource in the given api
get pillars output .
list known packags , available to the system .
generates list of installed machine translation services in json .
get the distribution string for use with rpmbuild and mock
lists all the qos to tenant associations
mark a configuration request as done .
add a nullhandler to the root logger , to suppress " no handlers for logger . . . " message and logging everything to stderr .
get response for when transport = cli .
copy global variable * orig _ name * to * new _ name
return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type .
return the gaussian distribution for a given set of x - vals
create new media _ list _ player .
formats last modified timestamp of a playlist for mpd .
creates event and returns its id .
open firewalld port for a service .
theory dictates that one of two conditions holds : i ) abs = = alpha [ i ] and params [ i ] ! = 0 ii ) abs < = alpha [ i ] and params [ i ] = = 0 qc _ results checks to see that holds , within qc _ tol qc _ results also checks for nan or results of the wrong shape .
validates given ip for use as rpc host bind address .
json - py api compatibility hook .
set up insteon hub component .
translates a phrase , with an optional language hint .
maps keys for volumes details view .
return the raw http representation of the given request .
wrap a single paragraph of text , returning a list of wrapped lines .
check if this cohort is the only random cohort in the course .
returns the snmp configuration
dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen
this function implements the proxyconnect single sign - on api described by vanilla forums .
parse the dd - wrt data format .
load the module and return an instance of the runner .
right rotates a list x by the number of steps specified in y .
create a reactor that will deterministically resolve all hostnames it is passed to the list of addresses given .
returns the the csrf token required for a post form .
apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
detect missing values .
perform a 1 - way anova .
return a dictionary of registered formats .
initialization of feed parser
commits pending changes .
configure the basic options required to run the server .
this method provides a generator of parsed chunks of a " group " in a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle .
helper function to assert that the fragment is valid output the specified blocks studio _ view
destroy all quotas associated with a given project and user .
on windows file sizes are only accurately stored in the actual file , not in the directory entry .
restore things that were remembered by the setup _ environment function
check if article is locked .
get output from primersearch into a primersearchoutputrecord
remove a locale from the users translations .
return the default namespace .
trims an array by masking the data outside some given limits .
decorator to require the specified snapshot to exist .
delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist .
compute log of the ais weights
return list of attribute - descriptor tuples .
implement ohdaves rsa algorithm .
remove generated files .
fetch secret from pass based on pass _ path .
check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution
call this with an open file object to make it the output file .
block reader for timit tagged sentences , which are preceded by a sentence number that will be ignored .
loads a demo collection .
workflow that integrates fsl topup and eddy .
compute svd of a real matrix to a specified relative precision .
test gat matrix plot .
parse a gcode file and send the commands to the extruder .
create an inline table of contents from an existing ncx table of contents .
return the current date .
registers run keyword so that its arguments can be handled correctly .
displays a summary of all hosts configured thus far , and what role each will play .
prepare data for cadf audit notifier .
breaks down vsphere soap cookie
create google service stub .
read a soure estimate object .
converts to a three letter image type .
a save way to set the audio mode
returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier .
print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
branch for comparing python datetime and np . datetime64 as equal .
print usage message .
prints the source code of a given object .
validate a flattened dict against a schema
rational algorithm for computing formula of coefficients of formal power series of a function .
refresh server network information .
make a connection to the specified ras entry .
download and install binscope for mobsf
partially ordered sort with multiple comparators .
causes a certain method name to be hooked on a class
list selected nodes
test whether the items in the part is the leading items of the full
only load if the slack module is available in _ _ salt _ _
return the python source file an object was defined in , if it exists .
toggle control register data strobe bit
cycle through all the possible credentials and return the first one that works .
return the current status of filesharing and whether it is starting up or not : - 1 file sharing is off and not starting up 0 file sharing is off and starting up 1 file sharing is on
internal helper function for key id and name transforms .
return the subset of the list names that match pat .
return true if left / right have some overlapping selectable
list key _ policies for the specified key .
minify javascript based on jsmin . c by douglas crockford _ .
sleep t seconds , then return true
get keys for repository .
show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
render a form to a bootstrap layout
compute a hash using thesubdbs algorithm
skip the wrapped test if the actual docker version is less than minimum _ docker _ version .
wrapper to print xml tags and comments .
generates the list column headers .
return the user - specified font directory for win32 .
check if connected client is the elected master node of the cluster .
this function is used to check if this script is ran from root directory and to return a list of all the files for linting and pattern checks .
given two events , gather a list of differences between them given some set of tolerated variances .
find if the provided object has a specific method
return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
adapt structured data from " ls " nse module to convert some fields to integers .
create an empty network and add nodes to it .
generic yearly archive view .
checks a check box based on a css selector , first waiting for the element to be present and clickable .
initialize data for : func : idd _ frm .
returns a url - encoded version of the given value .
redirect to an objects page based on a content - type id and an object id .
display text documentation , given an object or a path to an object .
recursively parse a tree of tags .
generate luts for thinning algorithm
read from a pipe ignoring eintr errors .
setup the z - wave platform for binary sensors .
get version info from the given file .
ensure that a data source is present .
retrieve parameters specifications schema for the provided action reference .
verify that a tls certificate is valid now and will be valid for the time specified through weeks , days , hours , minutes , and seconds .
return the configured service flags .
convert hex fields from / proc / net / route to octects
extract json from out .
forces config _ modified flag to come out true on next run of task .
returns a single annotation object .
gets a string or a iterable of chars representing bytes and an optional pre - populated dictionary ; return the decompressed string and the final dictionary
returns all python code , as a list of tuples , each one being :
restful crud controller
get the name , joined with the profile directory if there is one .
create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements .
return a signature scheme object pss _ sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 pss signature or verification .
parse the volgroup line
activestate komodo [ edit ]
assign access permissions to all users
permanently delete files .
fix old style file urls that start with files
print a dict as a table of two columns .
returns console width
adjust the special classpath sys . path entries for jython .
given a bound field with a queryset of permission objects - which must be using the checkboxselectmultiple widget - construct a list of dictionaries for objects : objects : [ object : name _ of _ some _ content _ object , add : checkbox change : checkbox delete : checkbox and a list of other permissions : others : [ , ( where checkbox is an instance of django . forms . widgets . checkboxchoiceinput , renderable as html using checkbox . tag ( ) ) - and returns a table template formatted with this list .
print out a state sequence prediction in a nice manner .
helper that denest expr = a + b * sqrt ( r ) , with d2 = a * * 2 - b * * 2 * r > 0 or returns none if not denested .
get state of specified network
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
decodes a name / value pair .
installs node and python prerequisites
get response for when transport = cli .
generate a custom 2d layout from xy points .
a generator function for listing multipart uploads in a bucket .
delete the glance metadata for a volume .
insert a link to an index document .
return a path to a particular device .
check if the searchquery contain a bang , and create fitting autocompleter results
do the color space conversion .
reads and checks if a torrent file is valid and tries to overwrite the torrent file with a non - sloppy version .
add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text .
the user should call these functions : parse _ xmlrpc and build _ xmlrpc .
sends a 401 response that enables basic auth
create a base class with a metaclass .
create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager .
fill _ none : if name / version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none
remove file from filesystem
script which takes one or more file paths and reports on their detected encodings
yields the f - contigous strides
generate dict of properties from fgdc metadata
check new node data against current cache .
return the configuration buckets
returns true if the ipv4 address are valid , otherwise returns false .
update a hashlib hasher with a nested object .
load a public key from a buffer .
estimate matrix rank to a specified relative precision using randomized methods .
generate releases url from github slug
makes sure that the host exists .
api method to delete an entrance exam
creates elements to contain runs of 3 or more consecutive child elements having at least one common attribute .
this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions .
slice an iterator and return a list of lists containing those items .
remove both leading / dev / and xvd or sd or vd .
set the global ui object to be used for logging .
multi - dimensional spline filter .
return the subdictionary of d , with just the keys listed in keys .
set a marquee string option .
creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine .
make sure the defaults value is absent name
this method checks for idempotency using the vlan - show command .
builder for rebulk object .
get equation for spherical .
returns the new image coords used to paste tiles in the big image .
returns the session associated with the current request
setup and send the discovery event .
uses filter ( ) to return a list of objects , or raise a http404 exception if the list is empty .
determines if it is a tuple or not
check if a service is running on the rest server
determine whether an array may be binary encoded .
construct django management command compile _ sass and execute it .
certain datastores are unable to store keys with unichars of 128 or more this function reflects on 127 and less .
push element to the my _ dict [ key ] list .
returns default contact _ type for integration
returns content rendered based on the configured markup settings .
return disk usage statistics about the given path as a namedtuple including total , used and free space expressed in bytes plus the percentage usage .
certificates to skills controller
titlecases input text
returns a json - string with the data from commonsense . csv .
return a filter corresponding to the current users privileges .
create a named role .
return configs for all interfaces
searches for the directory where a given file is located , and returns a possibly - empty list of additional directories , or none if the file couldnt be found at all .
options nit : int , optional
helper for * _ no _ command rules .
convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api .
convert a protobuf topic to the native object .
dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates .
delete document if exists .
preload a module into jedi , recording time and memory used .
generates and returns a : py : class : ~ altgraph . graph . graph instance with * node _ num * nodes randomly connected by * edge _ num * edges .
convenience function for quickly getting a control connection .
status of a vm
returns a json response from a json serializable python object
a simple view that is permission protected .
returns a random ascii letter .
install the windows feature
write a 128 bit complex floating point tag to a fif file .
helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 .
return root package and all sub - packages .
set the system time .
create a template that renders a field
returns true iff this issue is has been resolved as completed .
notify test runner to attach test video in any case
dispatcher for calling ssh , onepk , or eapi based on the
a trace function for sys . settrace that prints every function or method call .
assert that the given l { deferred } fails with the exception given by
creates a contactperson instance from configuration information
return the bottom 32 bits of w as a python int .
merge a group of results from write commands into the full result .
a normalizing constant so that the total probability is 1
helper function to parse cpes .
delete a cloudformation stack .
get a pointer to the underlying function for a cffi function as an integer .
prepare metadata dictionary for path subtitution of album art file .
prepares an entity to be returned to the user .
run nagios plugin and return all the data execution with cmd . run
entry point for starting a tcp git server .
compute the size of a unresolved object for use with lrusizecache .
concatenates operators vertically .
returns hardcoded list of tables which have tenant _ id column .
call callable into a try / except clause and translate enoent ,
perform the query that is passed to it .
called on the submission and deletion of links
automatically measures a series of gun values and measures the luminance with a photometer .
checks the use of check and expect macros .
returns a sign of an expression e ( x ) for x - > oo .
filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
sleep the system .
list all gemsets for all installed rubies .
return local maximum of an image .
makes function that chooses the most abundant seq from group
compute the mean structural similarity index between two images .
generates a unique confirmation token for the specified user .
notify user of actions and authenticate .
this main function allows you to run the groomer manually .
solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex
calculates the " extra strong " parameters for n .
same as a ^ = b .
determine if a file contains a png format image .
returns a list of paths to user - provides languages files .
adds given user as instructor and staff to the given course , after verifying that the requesting _ user has permission to do so .
get the platform restrictions for a given campaign feed .
update firmware for a single host
functions named ending in " iter " return an iterable object that does long - running work and yields progress information on each call .
takes a _ _ doc _ _ string and reformats it as help .
configures the runtime environment .
create a new sm backend config entry .
generate some lorem impsum for the template .
calculate expected value of a function with respect to the distribution for discrete distribution
return valid status .
read a utf8 encoded text file and return its contents .
extract the root path for a given key .
append a to the list of the virtual ancestors , unless it is already included .
checks for the existence of the _ _ unify _ walk _ _ method for one of the objects .
returns the median of * seq * - the numeric value separating the higher half of a sample from the lower half .
restful crud controller for display of a post as a full - page read - only - with optional comments
parses the snippet that begins at the current line .
test existence of a table .
converts data into a json string .
get definition location of a pattern or a match .
convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays
simplified variant of build _ dependency _ manager from galaxy . tools . deps .
lookup a synset by its offset .
collect all tests and return them
retrieve all nat gateways for a subnet .
apply k - nn model
return palette - colored image .
analyze the entire solution space starting from initial _ state .
clears the users play history
convert text into a dns rdata class value .
solve max flow of graph gr and return binary labels of the resulting segmentation .
run a pyplot script * code * and save the images under * output _ dir * with file names derived from * output _ base
create lvm image .
create a configuration object for use in configuring datastore calls .
print an error string to stderr
make matched text lower case , ignoring the text inside tag definitions .
compute nt zeros of bessel function y0 ( z ) , and derivative at each zero .
create an rfc - 2821 compliant smtp message .
filters the list of available table headings to the given choices .
this heuristic uses the following two assumptions on xi and eta . .
return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one , or tag plus number of additional revisions if the current revision has no tag .
django template that creates breadcrumbs for page titles : { % page _ title _ breadcrumbs " specific " " less specific " general % }
x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar
initialize a source : create their database record , the filesystem directory that stores their submissions & replies , and their gpg key encrypted with their codename .
return a new dict with new key value pair
look for a specific config variable and return its value
details page : show a box with three add - on reviews .
return a job based on its tag
adds days to the given date
return keys from deps ordered by dependency .
check and set the http / socks proxy for all http requests .
group the indices for shape by the leading indices of shape .
create a copy of welcome . w2p app
return advanced component types which can be created .
verify the service type id exists
x is n * m matrix if axis is 0 , otherwise is a m * n where m is traincase number , n is the number of features
return whether the given object is a byte string or unicode string .
try to detect the two most common installation errors : 1 .
deflate flask response decorator .
calculates a multi - dimensional maximum filter .
check if num is power of two
update a cache entry and return its list of lines .
respond to an openid request
create a hard - link between source and destination
install a _ ( ) function using the given translation domain .
helper for assert _ * ports
gets correct plural type for language .
create archive from the given attribute / metadata files and save it to out _ file .
sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries .
loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec
for the given chunk , returns an iterator over render tiles that this chunk touches .
list configuration files in a folder .
compute mask to apply to a spatio - temporal connectivity matrix .
cast to all consumers of a topic
parses vims comments option to extract comment format
initialize failure object , possibly spawning pdb .
dump the dataset in svmlight / libsvm file format .
computes hamming distance between two strings e1 and e2
return true if the list of names contains a bad one
a version of django . utils . _ os . safe _ join for s3 paths .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
start up a network interface
main entry - point for the cli tool .
builder for rebulk object .
takes a snapshot of a particular vm or by a unix - style wildcard .
returns a gzip - compressed response .
removes the specified activity reference from the list of featured activity references .
returns a json dictionary as expected by ansible
encode a single header line with base64 encoding in a given charset .
delete virtual interface records .
data filtering routine for dynamic var lhs : dataframe original data rhs : dataframe lagged variables
expected inclusion _ explicit _ no _ context _ _ doc _ _
run the builtin development server
generate the destination path for a given file
returns a string without the extra triple quotes
find the greedy policy , given a value function and full transition model .
copy a file from source to dest .
the sopform function uses simplified _ pairs and a redundant group - eliminating algorithm to convert the list of all input combos that generate 1 into the smallest sum of products form .
gets task _ id from xmodule _ instance _ args dict , or returns default value if missing .
converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
get the largest inset loop from the loop , even if the radius has to be shrunk and even if there is still no inset loop .
print summary of previously stored json data to screen
py2 / py3 unicode helper
function to check if the given graph contains a cycle
returns the path extensions from environment or a default
return a function that will calculate the outputs from the inputs .
given a tagged sentence , return an untagged version of that sentence .
generates a response respecting the algorithm defined in rfc 2617
create a virtualenv in root .
returns a dictionary of a hive columns type metadata and any complex or nested type info
find an application .
bind a human - interpretable " context " to the greenlet gr , for execution - tracing purposes .
get path copy .
generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
creates the xml tree for a toast notification
test mne inverse computation with diagonal noise cov
creates a monit configuration file and prompts monit to start zookeeper .
split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern , returning a list containing the resulting substrings .
returns for the coherent states of 1d harmonic oscillator .
url to example cookiecutter template on github .
validate that the trunk can be managed .
creates a generationhash for a given argument .
remove a css class from a string of css classes
this method create shadow table for table with name table _ name or table instance table .
pack an integer into an ancillary data structure suitable for use with
save the current profile to an ini file .
retrieve a list of serial ports found in the system .
convert graph6 character sequence to 6 - bit integers .
replace the standard : mod : thread module to make it greenlet - based .
given the result of a method , verify that it matches the expectation .
function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . physics vector package .
basic logger for runserver etc .
parse stderr from the hadoop jar command .
get the pushover notification service .
attach a json roles representation to each object of the queryset .
returns python source for the given map .
perform multiple patches in a single call .
returns all and testable domain names in config
ensure vm is in the stopped state on the computenode name : string hostname of vm . .
return netstat routing information for sunos
add host to the aggregate .
return true if path is a python module / package
writes a stream to a temporary file , returns the temporary files name
make sure that the whitespace for . py files have been normalized .
add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1 ) dir is not already in dirlist 2 ) dir actually exists , and is a directory .
gets all docker plays that contain at least role in common with roles .
deletes the specified security group rule
enable a hook pre http request .
return the base python namespace name for a project .
kicking - bull / bear determined by the longer marubozu
return a list of all job ids
chomp any " + git . foo " commit offset string from the given version and return the modified version string .
format the jid correctly with jid included
user requested a new e - mail .
install a feature . .
returns all datastore entities from all namespaces as a list .
decode a resource into a python data structure
execute notebook in src and write the output to dst
given a subnet id , disassociates a network acl .
calculate some contents hash in the git fashion .
returns a cleaned acl header value , validating that it meets the formatting requirements for standard swift acl strings .
convert raw data with shape to brings data into correct format for fleiss _ kappa bincount will raise exception if data cannot be converted to integer .
create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments , which are the same arguments one can send to : func : relationship .
get the circle nodes from a path .
source a gdb script with script _ contents passed as a string .
join url prefix with fragment .
ensure that certifications , hours & list : trainings are populated from trainings
takes in a neural network and returns the output from forward - propagating the input
create and return formatters
linkage agglomerative clustering based on a feature matrix .
revert document to a specific revision .
pkg _ add ( 1 ) does not use a local database of available packages , so this function simply returns true .
sets the source for options variable .
this method returns a " smart " option for a variable name inside a form .
sends a notification using the specified driver
adds an instance of the html component with the specified name .
allocates a range of ids of size or with max for the given key .
create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
normalize an encoding name .
gets the readme for an associated sample file , basically just the
returns dict of field _ state : [ row _ headers ] from table .
look for column objects with type info in them , and work up a lookup table .
create a dock widget and set it up accordingly .
factor multivariate polynomials over finite fields .
check freesurfer _ home path .
leave text links untouched , keep only inner text on urls .
extract and parse an xpi .
execute without returning stdout .
un - pause containers in the docker - compose file , service _ names is a python list , if omitted unpause all containers path
a decorator that adds a function to dictionary .
returns the appropriate " elasticsearch is down ! " template
return the number of hardware thread contexts in the system .
a decorator that registers a single hug directive
add or remove key .
return the path and line number of the file from which an
this function downloads sounds and their descriptors from freesound based on the querytext and the tag specified in the input .
return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable .
add some command input to be processed
return hostname of local host
get security group models for a project by a list of names .
caches previous calls to the function .
utility method that gives a dict of unknown and unsupported optional transitive path attributes of path .
processes returns a list of all active processes running on this computer and their creators .
set the video mode of the bits + + bits8bitpalettemode = 0x00000001 # normal vsg mode
we leave this function unwrapped by @ view
dump the current directory as html .
factory function for making unary operator methods for factors .
oozebane a gcode linear move file .
compute bounding - box regression targets for an image .
validates file mask that it contains * .
do some i18n stuff on the error _ dict keys
generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token .
in the case that a file is corrupted , move it to a quarantined area to allow replication to fix it .
copy the plugins to another language in the same page for all the page placeholders .
formats the full name of a person
change the version number in the install . rdf provided .
this is the top - lebel node in a tgrep2 search string ; the predicate function it returns binds together all the state of a tgrep2 search string .
a function to connect to a bigip device and add a new member to an existing pool .
interface for direct integration to dcos _ launchpad hardware
reorder resource views .
takes a url and returns the domain part , minus www . , if present
converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
start a defined domain
unindent all strings in a docdict
command : if relexpr then integer
retrieve locale from a prioritized list of sources and then set locale and save it cls : self object force : a locale to force set return : locale as string or none if i18n should be disabled
in the lms , display the custom license underneath the xblock .
escape a string in an oauth - compatible fashion .
calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils .
replace the matched xml reference .
ensure gpg public key is absent in keychain name
register an extension code .
verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list
get logical volume info .
check if the specified container is running container container id
callback for notifying admin of a user in the pending state .
copy one or more files to a target directory .
will process the flags and set attributes in the object accordingly .
returns edx - notes - api endpoint .
fit ordinary least squares regression .
non - interactive demonstration of the clusterers with simple 2 - d data .
enrich the imdbs roidb by adding some derived quantities that are useful for training .
find a sequence of sorted deduplicated ipv # address .
yield all items in an iterable collection that are distinct .
provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their ip addresses
builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
main loop for smart collector
this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
extract and validate filename from a content - disposition header .
a wrapper inserting code calling numba - compiled * gendesc * .
run tests from a unittest . testsuite - derived class .
verifies the apphook given is valid and returns the normalized form
download the contents of the url into the file .
create a mysql user .
return list of registry keys .
assert a is b , with repr messaging on failure .
enum _ seq : enum _ item sep enum _ seq | enum _ item enum _ seq
run a command , read stdout and stderr , prefix with timestamp .
graphical test for movorder
the input is a list of [ token , tag , chunk ] - items .
partially format a format _ string , swapping out any { methodname } or { methodnamehyphen } components .
get path from prefix and xml element .
replication accepts a non - arn role name , but always returns an arn
given a path where a package is installed , determine its name .
inner covariance matrix for hac over group sums sandwich
return a named tuple representing the following system - wide
sends an email to the given recipient .
match event ids using hid selection .
annotates a set of validation results , unless annotate is false , and saves them to the given fileupload instance .
creates a request to ask the oauth server for an access token .
maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
this method converts a list given with possible repetitions of elements in it .
returns a currently selected : class : stream .
sample flask api view that ruturns json with some data from config .
api function to ensure that a certain module is made available to any plugins .
loop over each item in an array .
configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin .
format a time to iso8601 format .
returns a string describing a form based on the model
get the default keychain user
map model indexes through a views qsortfilterproxymodel
refresh the winrepo . p file of the repository
the regularized derivative .
return a csv compatible row given column names and a dict .
given the columns clause and order by of a selectable , return a list of column expressions that can be added to the collist corresponding to the order by , without repeating those already in the collist .
computes the yule dissimilarity between two boolean 1 - d arrays .
color difference from the cmc l : c standard .
stop the current application by leaving the main loop
determine when a fresh token should expire .
line - search algorithm using fminbound .
return the number of followers of a group .
convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget .
show a directory listing
turns the given source sequence into a list of reg - exp possibilities and their arguments .
register the new plugin
create exe file .
find memory leaks in tomcat url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
read history file
displays the date , formatted according to the given string .
resizes and image from src , to dst .
creates / updates contacts metadata .
decodes string value from base64 to plain format > > > base64decode foobar
return the class or type of object obj .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
helper function used with ddt .
test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer
test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual
only load the module if uwsgi is installed
this exists for backwards compatibility .
calls l { deferredgenerator } while suppressing the deprecation warning .
return imdb id of the given url .
dimension a gcode text .
auxiliary function for parallel processing of mri slices .
downgrade assets db by removing the auto _ close _ date column .
solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients , a vector of variables and a vector of constants .
return the transfer type of the endpoint .
generic render function
returns a formatted string with name of xontrib package to prompt user
deletes the settings from a fixture from the database .
create a boxplot chart containing one or more boxes from table - like data .
calls the default : class : arrowfactory now method .
unquote entities in html .
disable routing policy for specified source ip address .
convert url - like strings in an html fragment to links .
save handler for zen mode .
return true if obj is a text string , false if it is anything else , like binary data or qstring
format a numerical value , inserting commas as thousands separators .
generate isosurface from volumetric data using marching cubes algorithm .
parse a query in the environment or from a file
attempt to load an instance from the datastore , based on c { klass } and c { key } .
returns pydoc generated output as text
perform srv record resolution for a given host .
build descriptor for service method .
check if http status code is informational .
returns the hardcoded certificate keystore .
return true if all the files are disabled .
peak signal to noise ratio of two images
changes the capacity of the virtual machine .
given the raw mapping blocks , convert them into modbus value decoder map .
convert x to a list if it is an iterable , otherwise wrap it in a list .
change the urls hostname to lowercase .
expected assignment _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
compute edge weights and eliminate zero - weight edges .
update or add resource data in dll / exe file dstpath .
get all instance actions for the provided instance .
normalize a pathname .
initialize a cryptobackendxmlsec1 crypto backend .
generate all partitions of positive integer , n .
html document generator visit handler
generate a new 256 - bit aes key to be used for symmetric encryption of secrets .
show the console output from the instance .
decorator function casts wrapped arguments to a1 notation in range method calls .
computes the batch matrix multiplications of two sets of arrays .
bring a top - level window with a given title to the front on windows
configuration for the docker collector
fork the current process into a background daemon .
perform data formatting to be used as pillar data and merge it with the current pillar data
find wheels from which we can import projects .
import a module .
get an svg dash array for the given matplotlib linestyle
resource headers for component views
parse image log strings into grokable data
run read or write benchmark against s3 .
set random state of an estimator if it has the random _ state param .
create a policy decision point descriptor
create a file with the specified name and write contents to it .
plot independent components on click to label .
implements importance mixing .
retrieve the status of a credit request .
move a path to the trash
convert a path such as android . support . v4 . app . activitycompat into a method string class _ landroid _ support _ v4 _ app _ activitycompat so we can call d . class _ landroid _ support _ v4 _ app _ activitycompat . get _ source ( )
delete an image tag .
create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice _ id derived from the given dataset _ id .
return a set of canonical names of all python packages , by inspecting the . egg - info files inside site - packages .
cache the output of the controller on disk
get a wsgiref . headers . headers object with headers from the environment .
compute the trace for two upper or banded real symmetric matrices stored either in either upper or lower form .
fit estimator and predict values for a given dataset split .
set container parameters .
evaluates the probability from 0 to q for a studentized range having v degrees of freedom and r samples .
fix the various issues with senseval pseudo - xml .
return the hash and pool name for the given cluster , or if it isnt pooled .
pop one or more or all items from a queue
play a playlist by name .
writes overall log data for identify _ chimeric _ seqs . py call log _ fp : filepath to write log data .
returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
determines whether to show / hide a users votes .
ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
execute commands from a file .
parses one and exactly one stream that encapsulates a boundary .
get the current system locale
function to implement range as a generator
class decorator to set metaclass .
this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and
the view that show details of each map
return a list of image urls extracted from text .
remove any files from the given list that that were last modified before mtime .
find and report on tests marked as flaky .
convert posix time to html header time format .
get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings .
makes a function memoizing the result for each argument and device .
add new link to pocket along with tweet id
restart the named service . .
generate a word relationships file
restripe btrfs : add or remove devices from the particular mounted filesystem .
returns a queryset of pages corresponding to the path given
returns datetime object from the given date , which is in a specific format : yyyy - mm - ddthh : mm : ss
returns a string where the tags of tokens in the sentence are organized in outlined columns .
returns true if and only if the given nodes form a simple path in g .
registers the given model ( s ) classes and wrapped modeladmin class with admin site :
change password form page .
create virtualhost configuration files name
import a python object that has the given * name * , under one of the prefixes * .
takes a dictionary and iterates over its keys , looking for large values and replacing them with a trimmed string .
use the test set from the next fold as the validation set for this fold .
linear regression calculation
return the hold status of the current axes
list all updates that have been ignored .
returns true if the minute , hour , etc .
write a new copy of the aliases file .
parse the given html and returns token objects .
decorated functions will run , and if they come back with a 429 and retry - after header , will wait and try again .
resamples rows from a dataframe .
gets phrases from all modules .
only load if pyvmomi is installed .
compute derivatives in x and y direction using the sobel operator .
copies a queryoptions object to a searchparams proto buff .
determine if there are no blank lines before the current token .
return the target associated with an alias
whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting .
api endpoint listing all supported locales
build an exception object from a stream error .
returns the complexity of a module
returns all products marked as listed that are determined to be visible based on the current context .
calculate the timestamp based on the given datetime instance .
get the place with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an place key .
computes the variance along the given axis of a tensor input .
utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json .
context manager that listens to signals and records emissions
outset the preface gcode text .
reverse the object or return an iterator the iterates over it the other way round .
return available lapack function objects from names .
configures an : class : oauth2provider instance to use various caching systems to get and set the grant token .
set microversion headers if api _ version is not null
convert a datetime object to an integer number of seconds since the unix epoch .
return a folder list in a folder by given a folder path .
split a string into parenthesized groups .
get the available certificates in the given store .
images - rnd - numchannels - number of filter / color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites
convert to float
alias for : mod : csf . nics _ skipped
ensures that a datasource with given properties exist on the jboss instance .
reads the cache file of a bibliography file .
remove all objects from the resource cache .
stacked long short - term memory function for sequence inputs .
parses tokens from elements in the given xml element .
log a message with severity error on the root logger , with exception information .
parse a json schema and return some information to document it .
attach basic attachments info as json column to each object of the queryset .
reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files .
return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server .
create a fake cluster versioned object .
return the rrd updates xml as a string .
delete a file safely .
gets the yaml representation of a dict .
make sure the user is not attempting to use dnn . conv . workmem .
unpacks a tarball and expands it to the given location .
generates the series of links to the pages in a paginated list .
simple interface to subprocess . check _ call ( ) cmd : list of command params
lazy getter for the default shelter _ id
get the generator and the prime to use in key exchange .
format a url for querying yahoo finance for index data .
generator function for creating n colors .
write a dau _ pack16 tag to a fif file .
get a course from the courses array .
receives an upload from the uploader .
start the reactor , using profiling if specified by the configuration , and log any error happening in the process .
set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
run - length encode a list into an " eval " - able form
constructs the protocol from the json text .
compute the next legendre polynomial and its derivatives .
a dummy error tracker that just ignores the messages
find countries in given string .
split user input into initial whitespace , escape character , function part and the rest .
make a thumbnail of image in * infile * with output filename thumbfile * .
read a configuration file as global config
stacks resource factory method .
removes anything between string a and b inside the given string .
load the subject head surface .
reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer
fit model parameters to data using the ransac algorithm
set the slice element scale .
the pprint function for regular expression patterns .
convert key / value to tree
get inset point with possible intersection from clockwise triple , out from widdershins loop .
get logs that should be hidden for a node and its primary descendants .
enables authorization logic for decorated functions .
parse a css string as a color value .
inner product of continuous function
the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model .
the main ( ) function implements all of the logic that the command - line version of onionshare uses .
view for osf register .
track usermode changes and keep our lists of ops up to date .
converts the alert text to utf - 8 encoded json format , which is how the alert will be stored in the apns payload .
return a seenentry instance if it matches field values
returns the current http proxy settings network _ service
modify a record in a zone .
produce nodes in a depth - first - search pre - ordering starting from source .
extract the config name from a full resource name .
check for file existence .
parse the btrfs line
collapse a list of ip objects .
generate a string for an albuminfo or trackinfo object that provides context that helps disambiguate similar - looking albums and tracks .
test if attribute checks are in place
flatten a blockmatrix of blockmatrices
formats a given array of target labels into a one - hot vector .
remove history element
get the fabmetheus directory path .
undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym .
given a trie , add the match terms into the trie .
performs centroid / upgmc linkage .
json serializer that deals with dates
we often need to aggregate together multiple infos .
encode images into the joint embedding space
decorator for benchmarks that use attributes
add pillars output to negatives .
global function for express functionality .
get response for when transport = cli .
evaluate the pade approximation of a fractional matrix power .
require an apache module to be enabled .
check for any " failed login " clues in the response code
return priority extension list , with extensions starting with a period
this function reads a segmentation ground truth file , following a simple csv format with the following columns : , ,
a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated .
julian calendar date to julian date .
returns if the edit view page should be full page .
configure cmc or individual idrac snmp community string .
special handler for api - call set _ config [ servers ]
multi - dimensional binary erosion with a given structuring element .
create an : class : iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on gce .
check if image _ name is a valid aws image name 1 .
generate a sequence of extended quadrants from a list of critical points .
recursively extracts text from element , and wraps it all in wrapper .
retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
execute the information stored in a string from an sls template
create history entry for failed url fetch msg : message to be logged retry : make retry link in history content : report in history that cause is a bad nzb file
get username line from switch . .
parses hook payload .
returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test .
return the interfaces directly provided by the given object
return a conn object for the passed vm data
read each line of the iterable and put it in a list .
yields a random crop of size crop _ size
add shipping / tax / discount / order types and totals to the template context .
descartes - euler solution of the quartic equation
delete any local calendar rows with uid in deleted _ calendar _ uids .
returns a tuple of
factory for abstract container with rules class .
converts the blocks key from a map { blockkey : block _ data } to a list [ block _ data ] , inserting blockkey . type as block _ type and blockkey . id as block _ id .
return incidence matrix of g .
verify a hosts key .
only load if influxdb lib is present
subcommand to start a long - running subprocess and restart it on matched events .
example taken from
create a continuous random variable with a uniform distribution .
test whether filename matches pattern , including case .
send user to the oauth autorization url in their browser
return mask for sequences .
data must be the string containing the bytes from the wav file .
this should return an optionaltableimporterror if beautifulsoup is not installed .
returns an array of ones with same shape and dtype as a given array .
returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run .
returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending .
redirect unix streams
if the key is missing from the data , ignore the rest of the keys schema .
returns output fasta filepath and log filepath fasta _ fp : fasta filepath output _ dir : output directory
return argument name tuple for a function , method , class or callable .
check whether the obj is a cffi function
search index by pack name .
cache translation objects in given languages , iterating mptt trees .
return the version of the entity group containing key .
this function patches the cache - control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
enable outer _ atomics with names .
drop the postresql sequences if they exist .
a byte - swap instruction in python
effect size for a chisquare goodness - of - fit test
send telemetry information .
boyd and vandenberghe , convex optimization , example 5 . 2 page 145
return user home directory
decorate a test generator to pass a testapp as the first argument to the test generator when its executed .
find a maximal matching in the graph .
get list of public ip blocks for a domain
downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally .
runs pydoc on the specified module .
returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object .
to get brew path
given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one .
validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
helper method that tries to infer the $ geometry shape for a given value .
retrieve a thread .
read image data from disk
returns the number of cpus in the system
performs a synchronization .
catches the signal that a course has been deleted from studio and invalidates the corresponding courseoverview cache entry if one exists .
a decorator to declare that only the first n arguments my be positional .
convenient wrapper for requests . get , which will capture the exceptions and log them .
same as grading _ context , but takes in a course object .
not all packets have a mysql header , so verify if its there .
list all iam instance profiles , starting at the optional path .
takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr _ id , in addition to the looked - up subreddits
convert optparse style options into a dictionary for searching .
loading lat / long data from a csv file in the repo
this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
encode a single header line with quoted - printable encoding .
converts a byte array into an integer
set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . atomic to run the specified code atomically .
update the name or the description for a server .
return a file hash , the hash type is set in the master config file
returns a list of filenames referenced in sys . modules and translation files .
merges kwarg dictionaries .
indicate that authorization is required
add point to the zone table .
case statuses : restful crud controller
returns true if a key specifies an id or name , false otherwise .
this device is having its own data downloaded
utility to loop over test inputs
print this help
get visible object loops list .
coerce value to a datetime , if set or not nullable .
return true if the key exists in redis
mark / unmark a thread sticky .
determine action to invoke .
site wide update _ stores
remove specified samples from distance matrix dm : tuple , as returned from qiime . parse . parse _ distmat ; or a file handle that can be passed to qiime . parse . parse _ distmat
create astroid for a living data descriptor object
deletes an integration for a given method in a given api
returns the region where a phone number is from .
provision the node for running flocker .
given an unpadded , non - aligned numeric string , add padding and aligment to conform with the given format specifier dictionary .
update the owning organization of a dataset
direct _ abstract _ declarator : direct _ abstract _ declarator lparen parameter _ type _ list _ opt rparen
if its meter filter without start and end , start _ row = meter while end _ row = meter + max _ byte
display an error thrown outside a routed view function .
return the checksum for the given file .
set up the file system , gpg , and database .
helper function to add ordinal string to integers 1 - > 1st 56 - > 56th
parse a setup / bootstrap command , finding and pulling out hadoop
enable the use of microsites during the startup script
create the form
quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules
for both rename and inline .
makes service request to / service / + " method " api method .
creates a second - level pipeline to merge the connectome file format outputs from the group - level
function to get codon codon substitution matrix .
return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month .
create a worker entry from optional arguments .
delete a file at path f if it currently exists .
make a directory if it does not already exist .
parse command line arguments
communication with child processes is in utf8 .
moves the specified tables from another database
disable rdp the service on the server
generate code for a full aete resource .
return snapshots that were active during window .
returns a locationglobal object containing the latitude / longitude dnorth and deast metres from the specified original _ location .
convert mpl display coordinates to plotly paper coordinates .
convert a mac address to a eui64 identifier or , with prefix provided , a full ipv6 address
format the response as json and set the response content type to
generates list of lines of html for displaying problems with metadata
get new derivation .
retrieve a db model based on the resource reference .
decompress compressed text .
perform the function , but fire with the result from the previous deferred .
duplicate the asof _ date column as the timestamp column .
a feature wrapping gamestate . is _ ladder _ escape ( ) .
return path of notification center tool , if it exists
set the user module if the kernel is linux or openbsd
wrap comparison operations to convert datetime - like to datetime64
make sure the test fails with an unexpected error message .
test that comments in commented _ header are as expected and that the table round - trips .
set the : command : ps name for the currently running process .
close tty log
get skeinforge plugin filenames .
executes commands on the client .
solve l21 inverse problem with proximal iterations and fista .
compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d / dt + d2 / dt2
return a config object with good defaults for testing .
delete one or more model instances .
returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
setup the rest binary sensor .
determine if series name should be considered identified by episode or id format
makes items in a list unique
makes a dbm with binaryvector for the visible layer , and two hidden layers of type binaryvectormaxpool .
parses a classic otu table
returns the nearest supported sparse dtype for the combination of one or more types .
get the version string of the latest version of flocker which can be installed .
return an decryption oracle for the given secret .
read pixels from the currently selected buffer .
realisitic numbers for norm pos should be in this range .
compute a sparse matrix to interpolate the data into an mri volume .
wrapper around os . environ . get call .
util for comparison with scipy
render the comment list through the comments / list . html template
save results for the : meth : path . using _ module classmethod .
returns a list of relation names of model .
package up all files into a self - extracting python script suffixed by _ pkg . py .
browse and change config
return a unicode object representing the contents of the fixture file at the given path within a test _ files directory in the same directory as the test file .
calculates the selfridge parameters for n .
context manager to temporarily create a fake git - commit - id file .
compute the matrix cosine .
initializes and creates all tables from models into the database
create an rrset with the specified name and ttl , and with the specified list of rdata objects .
validates configurations for lms and raise valueerror if not valid
convert image setting all transparent pixels to white and changing format to jpeg .
decorator for field to filter conversion routine .
verify that a string is a valid path base - 36 integer .
import a class and return an instance of it .
return change over time for the requested metric
create an element & return it
gets a users anonymous id from their user id
use gradient descent to find theta that minimizes target function
convert a string to a null - terminated bytes object .
makes sure that the host exists .
common handler executed after all flask requests
set the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
test custom checks on windows .
test plotting dipole locations .
test whether a numpy . ndarray contains any np . nan values .
a context manager which changes the working directory to the given path , and then changes it back to its previous value on exit .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
prepopulates the vlan _ bindings table
return the write mode that should used to open file .
generates a test for a local bear by checking the given valid and invalid file contents .
setup access to netatmo binary sensor .
creates a new genericimagedatasetjob
initializes a repository .
check an exception is sslerror .
return the hmac - sha256 message authentication code of the message msg with key key .
decorator for disabling signals sent by post _ save on loaddata command .
stop one or more vms search : string filter vms , see the execution module .
repeated key xor
dump message into log file .
method for inferring properties about objects .
function to format a warning the standard way .
downloads an object protected by a custom encryption key .
send message to people / teams
return a list of all completed exercises by user .
get an elastic network interface id from its name tag .
return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example : URL
get writer for data _ format .
decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http .
element - wise inequality between two tensors .
same as a < < b .
return the filename used to enforce uniqueness for the given toc entry
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3 + mainloop .
write the output file for module / package .
checks for a key in the actions json data field .
validate bom no of sub - contracted items
deletes from table with clauses where and using .
search for query inside choices and return a list of tuples .
read aggregated traffic from s3 and write to postgres .
create a network security _ rule
parameters data : data to write
returns true if drivers should be okay for psychopy
given an assembly listing , assemble and execute it .
restart the named service .
remove disallowed characters from path
patches a function that returns a boxclient , returning an instance of mockbox instead .
integer numbers outside int range shall be returned as string columns consistent with the standard parser .
get a list of ip addresses from a cidr .
test dhcp options lookup by id
split rules with lists into individual rules .
return list of all bitvectors with < = 3 bits as 1s , rest 0s returns list of lists , each 24 bits long by default .
return true if the given rectangle is small enough .
calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc
disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a galaxy xml tool file .
returns a dictionary , mapping a review request id to a list of commits .
get the instance number of the backend handling this request .
client api operation adapter / wrapper
register a global event listener .
sine of a series
given optional querystring params extracted from the request , slice the given queryset of documents for the given page and limit , and return the updated queryset along with pagination params used .
memoized version of a rule
output parameter names and values to the log file .
complete a filename
draw the graph g with a spring layout .
merges the array of log _ urls , color codes the lines according to - - colorize , which specifies a list of pairs directing how the timestamp of each line in the merged log should be colored .
add two numbers represented as lower - endian digit lists .
return a default specloader instance for testing purposes .
adds a user as an owner in the given buckets default object access control list .
returns the greatest common divisor of p and q > > > gcd 12
input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search .
convert a flat dict of key : value pairs representing aws resource tags to a boto3 list of dicts
init an instance of the enforcer class .
check rules that are applicable to # include lines .
get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists .
tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone .
returns a simple image of the type suggest by the accept header .
gets the list of inner objects of the type specified .
return an md5 file hash
shift _ expression : additive _ expression
upload a file to an s3 object .
same as a / / b .
registers a flag whose value must be an integer .
returns a single list of dependencies .
get list of tags from a server .
pack up image in a tar format
a decorator to enforce user roles in context of the api
less verbose append
an applicable vm is one that is not a template and not the control domain .
given the complete set of results generated by an experiment , filter out and return only the ones the caller wants , as specified through reportkeys and optimizekey .
locate eog artifacts from one selected ica source .
demonstrates the email migration api using emailmigrationsample .
require the view permission .
get the jenkins job information from the jenkins api response .
only works on windows systems
add certificate - pem - outfile to create - certificate - from - csr
returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
delete a group policy .
an occlusion test that checks an image for its critical parts .
test rendering mri without bem for mne report .
create a zone and play on all devices .
when we reload the model .
generate calendars to use as inputs .
returns the trace _ component compatible dict representation of a rule .
analysis of a signal using the discrete fourier transform x : input signal , w : analysis window , n : fft size returns mx , px : magnitude and phase spectrum
return a current distribution object for a requirement or string
return the input as a numpy ndarray .
assert that datetimes * d1 * and * d2 * are within * epsilon * microseconds .
register classes into event _ registry
parse the historical data in file handle fh from yahoo finance .
validate whether the password meets all validator requirements .
modify graph to prevent further change by adding or removing nodes or edges .
use our custom debugger
get symbol by qualified name .
just stop receiving io read events after the first iteration .
in the default bucket , the bucket and collection are implicitly created .
convert 2d numpy matrices or arrays to 1d .
generate a genome for testing purposes .
run denoiser on input flowgrams
initialize tmux environment from tmux configuration
function to load a cache backend dynamically .
if this function is called via the numpy library , the third parameter in its signature is dtype , which takes either a numpy dtype or none , so check if the skipna parameter is a boolean or not
fetches information of a certain tenants quotas
calculate local fdr values for a list of z - scores .
convert the region of a the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . bitmap .
list block devices
converts a value for a power , into a string either looking like an integer or a fraction .
convert a column number into a column letter
enable or disable fullscreen .
post a comment
view used to process the xrdf file
return the actual lxc client version . .
writes a movie out of the frames in a folder .
render the comment list through the comments / list . html template
divide one linear operator by another .
returns a list of all platform - specific scripts that are on other systems and not on this one .
partition a bag along a grouper , store partitions on disk
interpolate between two values .
return the status of the webapp app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
load a single xblock identified by usage _ key _ string .
retrieve service instance for connection .
compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares .
create checked pvector field .
join lists contained as elements in the series / index with passed delimiter .
expand a string of size keysize into a larger array
test all check functions with test cases in docstrings .
get the value of emerge _ default _ opts variable in the make . conf
make plugin available .
check to make sure set _ linelength works properly
adds new column to kanban board
destroy agent build entry .
save the session object to the session _ file
process the sample ids line of an otu table
multinomial coefficient iterator
strips branch and version info if the given key supports those attributes .
list mounted filesystems .
finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided
returns true if course is self - paced , false otherwise .
fixes up the s results for better templating 1 .
kegg link - find related entries by using database cross - references .
update the fileserver cache .
returns a random geometric graph in the unit cube .
a dynamically retrieved file
computes functional decomposition of f in k [ x ] .
an empty view
returns the first item in the list for which function is true , none otherwise .
require an nginx site .
simple scenario which calls the viewfinder services " query _ followed " method .
get a value from an openstack configuration file .
returns list of people blocking user .
there is no way to verify that pip is installed without inspecting the entire filesystem .
return the coefficients of bessel polynomial of degree n
get the default arguments from the function and assign as instance vars .
create an api request .
creates a validator chain from several validator functions .
the 31 touch strip leds are set with 3 bits per led .
returns a boolean of whether the raw _ password was correct .
calculate hotness of all add - ons .
verify that a string is a valid path to a file , make it absolute .
this is a user specific function , that is used by jobman to extract results
create an invalid file descriptor by opening and closing a file and return its fd .
return a rss feed with the queue status
return the : class : . mapper for the given class or none if the class is not mapped .
the n - th b - spline at x of degree d with knots .
event changes to user preferences .
upload local artifacts referenced by the property at given resource and return s3 url of the uploaded object .
build avro schema from data parsed out of json string .
sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
get old ini setting from [ misc ] , if missing use default
determine if the filename is empty or the dialog was cancelled .
return true if the alpha channel is 0 .
update an autoscaler .
returns a base64 encoded hmac + sha512 of the password signed with the salt specified by security _ password _ salt .
validate data using model level methods .
return description of events returned by poll .
setup this sphinx extension .
main entry point .
send versioned notification about the volume swap action on the instance
test reading a table and renaming cols
validate keys stored in the info . json file
return all rows , and any cells that they contain
require a opkg package to be installed .
un - parse the already - parsed args and kwargs back into endpoint syntax .
code that runs on application startup
this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id .
check that a file upload can be updated into the post dictionary without going pear - shaped .
determine the size of the confidence interval , given the standard deviation and the number of samples .
returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start / end timestamps date range .
allows for escaping of the separator : e . g . task : arg = foo , bar
modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
dispatches viewing of a path to either index ( ) or fileview ( ) , depending on type .
return the abi tag based on soabi or emulate soabi .
pure implementation of linear search algorithm in python
specifies if the proxy succeeded to connect to the network device .
returns the score sequence for the given tournament graph .
cool a gcode linear move text .
executes the cli commands and reuturns the text output .
pytest fixture to patch utils . read _ file .
run a named function specified by a filesystem path , module name and function name .
list the formats you can use in self . getformat in a comma separated list
fake version of os . access where only reads are supported .
gets a list of models for the given app labels , with some exceptions .
only executes the wrapped function if were not loading a static resource .
remove tags from a file .
return number of leading spaces in line .
sample autocorrelation at specified lag .
merges the data from one whisper file into another .
reorder the elements of a time - varying vector where all non - missing values are in the first elements of the vector .
return a dict that maps cohort ids to names for the given course
finds all the referenced templates from the ast .
creates a savepoint inside the current transaction .
return a new unflushed hda with dataset and permissions setup .
transform whitespace in text according to mode .
converts integer vni to binary representation .
internal resource hanlder methode : string add or update zone : string name of zone resource _ type : string type of resource resource _ selector : string unique resource identifier kwargs : string | int | . . .
demonstration of the module .
test for s3migrate ( ) . list _ field _ to _ reference function
return a qpixmap corresponding to the image file with the given name .
return a 2 - tuple containing .
call xfs _ grow - n to get filesystem tunables .
logs a user out .
find the list of files which a particular rule applies to .
checking the average amount of data in megabytes written to the databases datafiles in the last four seconds .
make sure slave handle and normal handle have the same driver .
compute the reduced representation of a polynomial f in mathbb z _ p [ z ] / ( check m _ { alpha } ( z ) ) [ x ]
delete all files older than * time _ old * in * path * .
utility to display the available icons .
collects the list of falling examples during build and prints them with the traceback
register language support with the manager .
find connections associated with backend and identities .
returns dict of : [ row _ headers ] from table .
dont start service name at boot
this worker process takes input requests , issues them on its client handle , and then sends the client response to the manager to deliver back to the application .
print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
split this up so that were only used for formula / numeric answers .
create vm from configuration
create an lvm volume group name
push to remote repositories
boolean operation which tests a users role - based permissions
return hits hubs and authorities values for nodes .
test function of one argument
get os name and version
generator function to parse uniprot xml as seqrecord objects .
slicing in this 1 dimension h : is the index on the pooled map stride :
functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions .
update supported _ locales for an individual app .
using ciscoconfparse find the crypto maps that are not using aes .
lol : : list of list as input seed : : seed the shuffling shuffle inplace each list in the same order
this function turns assorted types into serializable objects .
get equated geometryoutput .
scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
writes a biom table to the specified filepath
return a list of deletions and insertions that will turn a into b .
list the files that belong to a package , grouped by package .
yield objects as they are ready , until all are ready or timeout expired .
parse the given text as an xrds document .
fetch the valid version of a given entity .
return a nodeimage corresponding to a given name of size .
expand a given dict to its corresponding key - value pairs .
validates if permissions are set correctly .
reboot a running system .
given a string and a column width , return a list of lines .
create a new defaulttoolstate for the received tool .
apply rules based on the expression type inputs : ruletypes - - a dict mapping { type : rule } > > > from sympy . strategies import rm _ id , typed > > > from sympy import add , mul > > > rm _ zeros = rm _ id > > > rm _ ones = rm _ id > > > remove _ idents = typed
script main program .
split a season nzb into episodes
send a message to the socket for the given session id .
return the leading text contained in top _ elem up to a maximum of num _ words words .
calculate output shape for pooling layer .
enqueues a new background thread request for a certain request id .
set qtreewidgetitem user role string
convert a non - nan float x to an integer , in such a way that adjacent floats are converted to adjacent integers .
factory that returns a pprint function used by the default pprint of dicts and dict proxies .
return true if the url is a safe redirection .
creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
determine current version of google api
create a fleet of client instances
make sure the given path was loaded according to the log .
find a maximum single - commodity flow using the highest - label preflow - push algorithm .
on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname .
riemann zeta function .
json api endpoint for manipulating a course certificate via its internal identifier .
return true if the process has a controlling terminal .
associate / disassociate eip to classic instance
attempts to get an md5 hashing object .
get the profile base file name .
send email to users for event role invites .
retrieve a list of all nodes from salt cloud cache , and any associated ip addresses .
add a rule to the set of rules that will be added to the default security group for new tenants .
compute the transpose of a and store it into b , if given , and return it .
parses an if - range header which can be an etag or a date .
get all services for a given topic .
clear all available countries .
sets up forwarding rules for vlan .
set the sleep timeouts of specific items such as disk , monitor .
compare two protos by key .
collects the course data for the provided course data
return true if ver1 > ver2 using semantics of comparing version numbers
return a list of all editable extensions
convert optparse stype options into a device dictionary .
set the depth for data .
returns a list of the create table sql statements for the given app .
adds a avg pooling layer .
parses an expiration delta string .
return a connection object connected to the socket given by address
downloads all similarities corresponding to the current topics as a string which contains the contents of a csv file .
returns the expression of cross - entropy of two sequences , implement softmax internally .
get the next departure for the given schedule .
when arguments order is wrong first argument will be destination .
reads gaspecificconfig which is needed to get the data after that and to read program _ config _ element which can contain channel counts .
ensures required programs are installed .
flip the points .
render the users avatar to html .
create a qtoolbutton
return true if the object is a class .
runs all available self checks on the given cursor .
returns an array of length size and type dtype that is everywhere 0 , except in the indices listed in sequence pos .
creates and returns the launchpad script
cifar10 classification with a convolutional network .
check if only one item is not none , false , or 0 in an iterable .
like the matlab function with the same name , returns * true * if the supplied numpy array or matrix * x * looks like a vector , meaning it has a one non - singleton axis .
get collection option list that can only be defined at creation
transform ascii letters to lower case : a - z is mapped to a - z .
fast sanger fastq to sanger fastq conversion .
expand the reader macro " char " with argument tree .
this function provides one of the three parameters when two of them are supplied .
translate a modifier mask specified as a list of strings into an or - ed bit representation .
because any rotation can be expressed within 360 degrees of any given number , and since negative angles sometimes are one character longer than corresponding positive angle , we shorten the number to one in the range to [ - 90 , 270 [ .
return a path expansion
delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted key : string [ uuid | alias | hostname ] value type of vm parameter
django template filter to apply template overriding to microsites .
choose values from a with or without replacement .
attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset .
determine the type which will be returned from the given file objects read ( ) and accepted by its write ( ) method as an argument .
builds inception - b block for inception v4 network .
this is used to determine the highest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c * running
returns a list of standard include directories on this platform .
get topoverbottom by angle in radians , endz , inradius and start .
get the resource limit as reported by the admin console .
given a filename or path of a template file , return the same without the template suffix .
create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
convert a raw config into a form that preserves comments etc .
detect if we are running in travis .
converts an unload hook into an application processor .
function to evaluate analytical model functions on a grid .
add vertex elements to an xml element .
try to open the given filename , and slightly tweak it if this fails .
callback for picked channel in plot _ sensors .
escapes an iri value for use in a url .
given the database connection , the table name , and the cursor row description , this routine will return the given field type name , as well as any additional keyword parameters and notes for the field .
get a sqlalchemy . orm . session instance backed by a transaction .
apply an affine transformation .
kill the word behind point , using whitespace as a word boundary .
default literal block handler
lists the most recent entries for a given logger .
clears the figure and any hints that have been set .
check if a url exists without downloading the whole file .
identical to parsefile , except that : 1 .
helper function that recursively returns an object with cache filled
start the salt master .
return the list of aliases associated with an ip
includes the search form with a list of models to use as choices for filtering the search by .
packs a blob property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
send notification to inform observers about saml events .
create a connection to the message bus used for rpc .
constant - time string comparison .
scan for collectors to load from path
format the tep file for topiaryexplorer
non - negative least square solver
add the object info if it is carvable .
set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level .
sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal .
topological sort algorithm by kahn [ 1 ] - o .
this function takes the legacy locations field and the newly added location _ data field from the image _ data values dictionary which flows over the wire between the registry and api servers and converts it into the location _ data format only which is then consumable by the
stubs out methods from xenapisession .
cornice json error handler , returning consistant json formatted errors from schema validation errors .
takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
picks up the appropriate template to render to string
write your backwards methods here .
parse a logrotate configuration file .
find and return windows using the given callable for the current desktop .
internal use only in this module , has a different set of defaults and returns true or false .
test lcmv with evoked data and single trials
format msg _ str so that it can be appended to a message .
decorator for a task - executing unit test .
cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 . 5 . 13
setup the efergy sensor .
verifies that the specified host is not known by the given user name
initialize the module as appropriate for nt
parse a feed from a url , file , stream , or string .
two - dimensional convolution function .
a wrapper for pythons urllib . unquote ( ) function that can operate on the result of django . utils . http . urlquote ( ) .
force - refresh cached json data after rendering .
creates an ui property inside an : class : uielement : :
solves 2nd order liouville differential equations .
increment ip _ cidr offset times .
verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled .
check if this was an apphook
returns a new theano matrix .
returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel , random or selected by number
return the given users dashboard activity stream .
return what would be written to disk for interfaces
pushes the given connection on the stack .
highest priority of open requests for a site
returns the virtual machine type as a string
retrieves the elements of indices indices in the tensor reference .
format the given file size in bytes to human readable format .
this is a main method that should be usable for almost all purposes and reduces executing coala to one function call .
template for washington common operating picture URL
get file interpretion .
attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time .
returns whether the user edits in markdown by default .
create a terminalwriter instance configured according to the options in the config object .
generates the upper domains from a domain name .
parses a variety of date formats into a 9 - tuple in gmt
write 20 units at a time
check that the value is a list of values .
returns per - class counts of existing objects .
calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
parses the given date or calls option . fatal ( ) .
return a list of salt queues on the backend
decode the signature data and returns the signature .
return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
get vector3 rotated by a plane angle .
processes the filtering of the otus file and representative seq set , then writes filtered otus and filtered representative seq set files
recurse through config data structures attempting to render any string fields against a given context .
writes the new machine to the relevant configuration file .
frechet derivative of the matrix exponential of a in the direction e .
returns weblate root dir .
wrapper for jinjas truncate that checks if the object has a _ _ truncate _ _ attribute first .
get the geometry _ utilities directory path .
take an i { inspect . argspec } , a tuple of positional arguments , and a dict of keyword arguments , and return a mapping of arguments that were actually passed to their passed values .
get the keys of all available inputfuncs .
get a list of automatically running programs
return an html page , containing a pretty error response .
returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text .
return the metadata change time of a file , reported by os . stat ( ) .
check for messages about payments
checks if the current user has permission _ codename permissions .
given entity primary key as reference proto , returns kind of entity group .
install a ruby implementation .
converts a key into a comparable hashable " key " value .
parse an encoded string which has all the profile settings stored inside of it .
expand abbreviations in a template name .
wrapper around json . loads .
base64decodes and makes a , delimited string into chops
produces a function that accepts data that is input into a generator in response to the receiver yielding the size of data to wait on
rank based normal inverse transformed cdf
returns a sanger fastq encoded quality string .
shortcuts for generating request headers .
checks if the given combination is matches for any of the given combination globs , being those a set of combinations where if a key is missing , its considered matching would match the combination match : but not :
method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance .
convert the option list to a getopt flag string and long opt list
remove the given watch descriptor from the inotify file descriptor .
return the hoffman - singleton graph .
returns the point at the given fraction between a and b , where fraction must be between 0 and 1 .
returns the current line number in our program .
force service to down .
consume entire iterator .
main entry point which parses / checks coverage . xml if applicable .
import a dsa key , encoded in der form .
translates selinux filetype single - letter representation to a more human - readable version .
draw a rectangle with corners at the provided upper - left and lower - right coordinates .
take a xapi dict , and make the keys the value of recs [ ref ] [ key ] .
variance of the tukey lambda distribution .
convert image to other format .
idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid
create a simple message dialog with string msg .
converts a string to a datetime . time object .
montecarlo to test fdrcorrection
check a file value return the filepath
load only on minions that have the win _ iis module .
write a default to the system name
construct an inverse block diagonal from a packed structure .
prepare meg coil definitions for forward calculation .
generate a simple dataset .
casts value to a : class : datetime . datetime or
returns a trial function match if undetermined coefficients can be applied to expr , and none otherwise .
get a valid console authorization by token _ hash and instance _ uuid .
expected assignment _ one _ param _ _ doc _ _
parse an s - exp - like string into a more useful data structure .
return a list of a single line - - normal case for format _ exception _ only
generates skipgram word pairs .
calculate downtime value steps and time between increases .
setup the piglow light platform .
test order source validation with stocked products .
decorator which filters params to remove non - oauth _ * parameters
prompts the user for authorization using http basic auth .
returns a dict with community availables plugins in ninja - ide web page
return a callback successively inserting 1 - sized dimensions at the following axes .
iterator for the abi file format .
get a client . oauth2webserverflow for performing oauth 2 . 0 authentication .
checks if the family is valid for the current environment .
a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization _ functions . stoponerror .
apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat .
module function to verify a password against a hash encoded password .
return whether or not given value is a valid uuid .
parse in the rrc822 message from the xml definition .
abort ( ) should print fatal error plus exception value
generate a sparse matrix of the given shape and density with uniformly distributed values .
returns true if there are more facet items for the given facet than the limit .
find all - pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm .
visualize each image in a grid of size approx sqrt ( n ) by sqrt ( n )
returns file path from given file name
clear all cgroups in system
get all available regions for the sdb service .
helper function for integer factorization .
groups tokens that have beginning and end .
restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to .
decorator factory for setting attributes on a function .
compile all projects available as defined by enumerate _ projects .
helper to obtain a basic auth authorization headers from the specified user
validate the beacon configuration
this method reset the code redemption from user cart items .
default function to determine whether to show the toolbar on a given page .
send a test email from loaded yaml
decorator for composable network layers .
setup join services .
generates a mac address with the defined oui prefix .
a simple helper to invoke l { assertwrapperexceptiontypes } with a c { maintype } of l { requestgenerationfailed } .
a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold .
read bti pdf channel .
logger logging object maxwaitexponent 2 * * maxwaitexponent defines max wait time finalerrorstring msg to log if wait time expires acceptableerror the expected error for the loop accepterrorstring msg to log when expected error is encountered callable the method / function to attempt in the loop arguments arguments to the method / function email an address to send a failure message to .
compute the element - wise exponential linear activation function .
force django to process the verb .
convert a 24 bit bitmap into the modified internal format used by windows .
check the return value of snmp operations
find declaratively defined index from table by name
plot multiple time series
volunteer managament application desogned to be used along with a location template & , if - required , a custom template
decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled , else runs the task synchronously .
the gradient of the log likelihood corresponding to the i - th data point
process textual lists of curses caps into list of pairs
check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
private method that returns the most preferred api version supported by the specified server ,
return the most obvious language according the request
read graph in adjacency list format from path .
runs a command in an out - of - process shell , returning the output of that command .
concatenate values from several join units along selected axis .
single transaction view page
set the media list associated with the player .
read metadefinition files and insert data into the database
interface to the systems file command .
create a date only timestamp for the given instant .
returns a list of backends ordered by priority
converts a string into titlecase .
create a database context manager object .
check what values are set by a class and its bases to determine if a tablename should be automatically generated .
convert a zoneless iso8601 time string to naive datetime time
removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame _ allowance .
scans latex file and pulls out marked doctests as strings .
function to process data from lookup service .
click the studio help link in the page footer .
serve the identity page for openid urls .
normalize a keystring like ctrl - q to a keystring like ctrl + q .
force params to be strings unless they should remain a different type
extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft - even symmetry
gets all of the proxy settings in one call , only available on windows
turn a rule into a branching rule
collapse a collection of cell co - ordinates down into an optimal range or collection of ranges .
returns language code while making sure its in languages
check if a header is an http / 1 . 1 " hop - by - hop " header .
add one inventory that wasnt already on the provider .
returns data for a single named linode .
check for azure configurations .
convenience function for creating a png file " in memory " as a string .
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
filter the content and translations lists of a generator
this method convert units to bytes , which follow iec standard .
write a dataframe to the feather - format
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure .
tells you whether current script already has administrative rights .
render a bootstrap form group
generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given argument types that returns a string from a gdal pointer .
a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy .
determine the appropriate stim _ channel .
julian calendar date to julian date .
convert the input into a c contiguous float array .
analyze response of indexer returns fn | none , error - message | none , retry , wait - seconds , data
ignore connection and channel errors .
easy publishing of my nice open source project
add already filled loops around loop to alreadyfilledarounds .
return the value of the href attribute for the first link tag in the list that has target _ rel as a relationship .
write complete set of sequences to a file .
direct update to object metadata on object server .
runs all models
set the gentoo _ mirrors variable
project unmixing matrix on interpolated sensor topogrpahy .
lists all sample directories that do not have tests .
weighted plotting positions for the data .
remove tags from a file .
create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
destroy the key _ pair or raise if it does not exist .
migrate a server .
index _ files page : displays all files
expand shell variables of the forms $ var , $ { var } and % var % .
x is a n * m matrix size show each images size , if none , size will be sqrt
test mne clean _ eog _ ecg .
split a path into components , starting with the drive letter .
apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first
pick the libvirt primary backend driver name
returns an unsigned 32 - bit integer that encodes the field number and wire type information in standard protocol message wire format .
make strings for msgprint and errprint
add the x intersection indexes from the segments .
allow angles to be equivalent to dimensionless .
detect any mistaken uses of single - blob deletion .
gets jd1 and jd2 from a time object in a particular scale .
ensure a resource operation default in the cluster is set to a given value
user - callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
returns true if the teams feature is enabled .
this is the part where statements are being stripped .
returns a list of topics that apply to passed in product .
returns true if the number is prime , and false otherwise .
build an exception object from an error stanza .
get the hash sum of a file
run the acceptance tests .
test version of execute on node manager v2 . 0 platform .
dump a table hdu to a file in ascii format .
rest controller for options . s3json lookups
tests revision is incremented when units change .
backport of itertools . chain . from _ iterable
processes an entity by updating it if necessary and removing tombstones .
template settings for cap : common alerting protocol
generate a new set of certificates for the given nodes .
main fucntion for the sample .
unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting .
run unittest in local
clone the given expression structure , allowing element replacement by a given replacement function .
ensure tool contains exactly one valid rst help block .
test restriction of source space to label
enhanced sympy evalf to handle lists of expressions and catch eval failures without dropping out .
compute softmax activations with the model saved in the path specified as an argument
abstract _ declarator : pointer
return a triangular window .
return nth term of the sequence defined by the linear recurrence u = a * u + b * u ( n )
get annotation value from a node .
return default route ( s ) from routing table . .
wait for a period of time without blocking .
pad to the next alignment boundary
print a single native value by boxing it in a python object and invoking the python interpreters print routine .
run a setup script in a somewhat controlled environment , and return the distribution instance that drives things .
collects and prints stats about the given db instance .
determines instance vcpus used as rt for a given spec
restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu
check compatibility of accept _ keywords
returns the list of targets in | possible _ targets | that depend on at least one of the targets containing the files supplied as input to analyzer .
get and add an indexed segmented perimeter .
replaces plus ( + ) character with function concat ( )
only load if the cloud module is available in _ _ salt _ _
return the signature for a message dictionary .
cumulative distribution function of a random expression .
return a character metric dictionary .
rebuild the internal timezone info in dateutil / zoneinfo / zoneinfo * tar * filename is the timezone tarball from ftp . iana . org / tz .
strips broken characters that cant be represented at all in utf8 .
create an rds
return whether the reuse _ db flag was passed
it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found
returns the spectral bipartivity .
copy structure from * src * to * dst * with replacement from * repl * .
sort the elements and subelements in order specified in field _ orders .
take a list of int as pattern
an ajax view to delete an announcement .
evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel .
read the tf . sequenceexample tfrecord files .
return a set of photo dicts that contain all the photo metadata for photos in the episode with id " episode _ id " .
reconstruct a python object from a file persisted with joblib . dump .
assemble the middleware pipeline leading to the placement app .
given a com type , this helper function returns a list of lists where each sublists contains 1 - n elements .
lowercase the current word .
transform the coords from the scatterplot into coords that can be referenced in the html page
return a connection building it from the options .
sends a delete request .
detects the texts language .
create namespace on the defined k8s cluster
get new repository .
modify delete _ on _ termination attribute
convenience function to create a new line chart with the right args
given a course id and thread id , stop following this thread ajax only
define a tag expression that is used later - on .
return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment
extended globbing function that supports * * and { opt1 , opt2 , opt3 } .
determines if it is a number or not
get a new mapnik . map instance for a mapfile
stop the tomcat service .
override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
retrieve reject section 9 . 3 . 22
walks backwards up the path and deletes any empty folders found .
removes the klass from the l { alias _ types } register .
take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . settings dict .
return a unix timestamp from the given date
test a flat cosmology at z = 1 against several other on - line calculators .
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
only load this module if the gluster command exists
returns a form field for a db . datetimeproperty .
call the vision api on a file and index the results .
a more clever truncate .
convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted - printable .
returns a dictionary of conf files found in the sub - menu along with images if there are any
get round path .
use openssl to sign a document .
restful controller for community volunteers
return starting line numbers of code and text blocks
get data from the clipboard .
makes the clip blink .
returns a unique valid username .
get the set of all label names applied to all clients .
get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
test gat times plot .
find all alphanumeric tokens in each string . . .
returns a cube cube _ name .
test using uniform arrays
list the beacons currently configured on the minion
return true if the given file path is a markdown file .
mute a user
removes all unreferenced elements except for , , , , and .
validate and process a google cloud stoarge path prefix .
return a list of directories in the given environment saltenv : base
convert a set of points to homogeneous coordinates .
returns a sorted list of keywords in the given string .
build the application default credentials from file .
kill greenlet with exception .
dump to fo with given options .
ports interfaces optional parameters .
return the set of variable instances which are computed by node _ list .
returns the shared secrets manager .
attach total _ watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
load and parse a test vector file
if auth fails , raise 401 with a digest authentication header .
convert days since 0001 to epoch .
return a list of recently accessed schemes .
if the environment variable w3af _ profiling is set to 1 , then we start the cpu and memory profiling .
given a multi - part mime encoded input file object and boundary , yield file - like objects for each part .
decorator to check if the request is a cors request and if so , if its valid .
rotates right by k .
calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam .
common code to inspect opts and split them if necessary
return a dict of possible docstring positions .
get instance type by id .
passed a list of node ids and a list of source , dest id routes attempt to create a list of stages where each sub list is one stage in a process .
execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts
increments a statsd counter on completion of the decorated function .
convert text field values to markdown if necessary
return path to pid file for name
this function is called when a return trap is set here .
return a 64 - bit integer sum of a and b .
clear loaded hooks .
compose the sequence of commands necessary to execute a job .
create the dump directory .
compiles all the models in the application specified by folder
updates existing inventory records for the supplied resource provider .
return machine suffix to use in directory name when looking for bootloader .
initialize the module as appropriate for nt
return information about a server name
this main function allows you to run the backup manually .
writes a simcoal2 loci template part .
return a paginated page for the given objects , giving it a custom visible _ page _ range attribute calculated from max _ paging _ links .
returns score of an expansion / compression .
lists stopped nspawn containers
returns all possible ngrams generated from a sequence of items , as an iterator .
plus directional indicator
return the unicode representation of a bytes object text .
describe a snapshot snapshot _ id
make sure virtualenv is in the path .
return x minus its mean along the specified axis .
create tasks to recursively parse the legacy graph .
event handler for a room receiving a message .
return the entrypoint object for group + name , or none
given a rule name list the targets of that rule .
wrapper to close an xml tag .
display a tree or clade as a graph , using the graphviz engine .
same as _ insert _ axis _ in _ shape ( ) , but with a strides array .
perform the setup for vera controller devices .
stop the specified jail or all , if none specified
load the given identity key from the database .
various cast related checks .
return an ironic client .
set the authentication backend to be used .
delete all server groups from spacewalk
given a string and a vocabulary , return a match or a list of suggestions based on string similarity .
return the disabled services
updates user profile and settings metadata .
turn the g function into one of inverse argument
compute a hash using thesubdbs algorithm .
force power down and restart an existing vm
return the default value of the columns from db table
get roles that the username is assigned from switch . .
plots a covariance ellipse .
produce dataframe representing quantiles of a series
drill a gcode linear move text .
createshader - create , load , compile and link the shader object
compute m - way repeated measures anova for fully balanced designs .
wrap an instance of c { pdb . pdb } with readline support and load any . rcs .
handle updating a basket , i . e . deleting some lines or updating quantities .
take a screenshot using glreadpixels .
return a list of dictionaries , each representing a route .
generator to iterate over content items specified by youtube ids , run update content availability on that item and then yield the required update .
backport create _ default _ context for older python versions .
checks for calls to thread - unsafe functions .
creates the default domain .
resolve latest version
returns a class object that is a copy of " model " with the specified " attrs " being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
take in the return and shove it into the couchdb database .
returns a compiled template object for the given template name , handling template inheritance recursively .
apply given function to the record and store result in given field of current record .
returns communities in g as detected by asynchronous label propagation .
drops the database that the specified manager controls
creates grpc stub to make requests to the operations api .
transforms an html entity to a character .
split a square in a hierarchical way given a contingency table .
concatenates app id and namespace into a single string .
determine the type of config drive .
creates a number , num , of normal assemblies that should be loadable by ip .
compiles a theano function which returns outs and takes values of model vars as a dict as an argument .
parse the time specified time interval , and add it to the base _ time
set value to context cache
restore an incomplete app to its former status .
convert a string to a string for an url .
test that obj is not an instance of cls ( which can be a class or a tuple of classes , as supported by isinstance ( ) ) .
translate filter names to their corresponding db field names .
function used when new openid association fail
crop text to a certain width , throwing away text from too - long lines .
return the next open shard after shard _ id
plots the hierarchical clustering as a dendrogram .
format value with given field properties .
make a nested loop over several arrays and associate specific code to each level of nesting .
create a network object .
list of items in trash
updates the context of the page to include : the page itself as { { current _ page } }
returns all lambda event source mappings .
user - callable function to create and return a unique temporary directory .
returns the full url given a partial path .
convert raw iosync analog input from lux meter to psychopy norm grayscale value .
iterate over slices of a string .
verify some data has been inserted into the database .
return a validator function by name .
generate task name from name / module pair .
turn the axes box on or off according to * on * .
returns all tables in the database to the same state they were in immediately after syncdb .
get the current exception .
return whether commandline indicates we are forking
takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string
yields each date between begin and end
convert a size in bytes into megabytes
transform and sort a vector of count .
check if the supplied error message belongs to a rate limit error .
creates backup / restore mr jobs for the given operation .
import an rsa key , encoded in der form .
load social auth current user data to context .
load data saved as python code and interpret that code .
an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content .
return a list of non empty lines in the given stream .
parse input arguments
sets the value of the image dimension ordering convention .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
return the file at path as a string .
stringify ppa name from args .
sets non - plugin specific values in config from renewalparams
make worker base directory if needed .
generate a random name that includes a random number
build a re to match the given css class .
this method returns the predictablemodel which is used to learn a model for possible further usage .
return a function that makes mod objects for a particular modulus m .
only load if svn is installed
constructs a 2d array from a group of sequences .
get metadata for an individual content
flattens a list of lists into a new list .
disable untrusted serializers .
disable all logging calls of severity level and below .
load a library object from a template tag module .
returns previous weekday used for observances
set up the netatmo devices .
linkcolumn should support both and attrs
convert code object to a . pyc pseudo - file
checks the arguments and converts into tuples of the form
these are just a set of floats used for testing the activation functions , and are useful in multiple tests .
factor primitive square - free polynomials in z [ x ] .
this is called every time the server starts up , regardless of how it was shut down .
check for existence of key in dict , return value or raise error
compile a hyobject tree into a python ast module .
call a function on every element within a nested container > > > def inc ( x ) : . . .
get group type by name .
set a suitable http connection wrapper .
given a valid config , replace a topic rule with the new values .
decodes app _ namespace _ str into an pair .
get matrixsvg by svgelement .
concatenate a list of tables .
low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
allows a user to stop following another user .
get authentication token for the given host + username + password .
return a string for the c name of the type .
list npm cached packages .
alternate write & seek 1000 units
allow the use of a package without performing a version check .
generate fathead entries for a file .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
remove a contributor from a list of nodes .
returns the number of megacycles used by api calls .
default datalist item renderer for cap alerts on the home page .
convert the code from exercise2 to a class - based solution
normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
compute windowing and multitaper parameters .
computes a series of _ idiffchange s to turn mapping _ a into mapping _ b assuming that these mappings are at current _ path inside a nested pyrsistent object .
wait until the datastore emulator is ready to use .
check a symbolic mathematical expression using sympy .
run inbound email service .
instantiate a cipher object that performs cfb encryption / decryption .
gets a module name , given the path of file / dir and base dir of sympy
copies the specified template directory to the copy _ to location
creates the extension setting for a list of feed items .
raise an exception , if there are different amount of specified occurrences in src .
given a directory , finds the equivalent package name .
find ipythons package _ data .
export metadefinitions from database to files
clear the virtual server table
returns the full gdal version information .
decodes a floating point number stored in a single byte .
sort a list of keywords , based on the searched one .
encode input values as an enumerated type or categorical variable
return three lists - for movie titles , persons and characters names - with two items tuples : the first item is the reference once escaped by the user - provided modfunct function , the second is the same reference un - escaped .
validates an email to ensure it does not already exist in the system .
flasks flash if available , logging call if not
list table names in a given schema
get fully qualified domain name from name .
return comma separated string of valid file types .
start mariadb console for a site
return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target .
replace the tk root menu by something that is more appropriate for
convert top level keys from bytes to strings if possible .
locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output .
deduces formatting syntax from a span string .
adopted from django . contrib . admin . sites . adminsite . index .
project a convex polygon on a given normal .
chew one dqstring or atom from beginning of line and return
merge two dictionaries where second _ dict values take precedence .
write worksheet data to xml .
return true if the url belongs to any of the given domains
pad the rows and columns of a 4d tensor with " top _ pad " , " bottom _ pad " , " left _ pad " , " right _ pad " zeros rows on top , bottom ; cols on left , right .
shutdown a node via acpi .
print a list of tuples in the given style to the output .
pretty print a list of text tokens , breaking lines on whitespace
create a pipeline with pca and the column selector and use it to transform the dataset .
replace all references to old variables .
guess the extensions for a file based on its mime type .
parse pajek format graph from string or iterable .
if the value is a string , run sdecode ( ) on it to ensure it is parsed properly .
request container information directly from the container server .
accepts an error report and stores in a queue for processing .
check if a service is available on the system .
generate a suitable client id
true if the class is a metaclass .
returns the n x n pascal matrix .
calculate the amount of time to wait before a retry attempt .
eliminates any reads below a certain threshold .
update an existing draft registration
add atomic group .
performs the ldl decomposition of a hermitian matrix and returns l , d and transpose of l .
releases one free stub for saturated node w , while preserving joint degree in graph g .
builds and returns a longitude of given value .
spatial pyramid pooling function .
removed protected attributes from values dictionary using the models _ _ protected _ attributes _ _ field .
take a dataframe and return a triple of
generate an expression where each leaf might have a different depth between * min * and * max * .
output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same .
returns the distance between two vectors .
test drawing transformed regular polygons using regularpolygonvisual
returns the indefinite or definite article for the given word .
remove the passed package ( s ) from the system using winrepo
simple task wrapper for _ fanout task
tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios
wait until a the vm has been created successfully
apply a rule down a tree - stop on success .
compute degree assortativity of graph .
receive the email via the stdin and send it to the openerp server
parses identifier from prefix - identifier
fix incompatibility between cherrypy and firefox - 4 on osx , where a filename contains & # xx ; encodings
given a valid config , update the logging parameters for a bucket .
taken from python docs URL # itertools . izip
returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries .
fetch list of popular user - agents .
read the current version from the changelog .
returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
return whether * sig * is a potentially valid signature specification .
try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port .
a simple little toy to sort a string .
return timestamp for tomorrow
run post update hook
go through supplied command line args an determine if you have enough to continue
recurses through all targets that depend on | target | , adding all targets that need to be built to | result | .
dump interface to openflow port mappings for each switch
skip a test if the condition is true .
shows a filedialog and lets you select a . hdf5 file to open for processing .
find an ip network that contains the given address .
will update an existing trace or add a new trace .
get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data , overridden by the content of the post / put request .
this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low - level base cipher .
push a directory from the minion up to the master , the files will be saved to the salt master in the masters minion files cachedir .
this function converts output from afp - ls that do not include a structured output to a structured output similar to the one provided by the " ls " nse module .
context that records that we are in a signal handler .
converts a compact creation sequence for a threshold graph to a standard creation sequence .
check that the two clusterings matching 1d integer arrays .
update a user info in database
returns a random item from the list .
show ruler to check console width .
runs command and returns stdout
invoke a function in the lxc module with no args path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary .
this explicitly upcasts constant inputs to elemwise ops , when those ops do implicit upcasting anyway .
run commands from _ _ proxy _ _
used in both extract _ noexpand and extract _ frame
solve univariate recurrence with rational coefficients .
ensures token precence , token type , expiration and scope in params .
the reverse operation to : meth : url _ parse .
generate the list of files that need to be kept when a dir based function like directory or recurse has a clean .
takes a specific header name and a dict of headers { " name " : " value " } .
print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality
fetches the list of resources with a given tag .
inject functions and constants from pyopengl but leave out the names that are deprecated or that we provide in our api .
return a validation object that looks like the add - on validator .
its a bad hack to get raw cookies headers , but so far , we dont have better way .
fixes the mach - o headers to make code signing possible .
normalizes a datetime to a naive datetime in utc .
check if the stream exists .
run the api test suite .
callback for config options requiring a restart
returns true if | target | or any of its dependencies is one of the targets containing the files supplied as input to analyzer .
takes the clip values of the read and formats them into xml
order the leaves in the clustering tree .
return true if syntax is okay .
open the files in targets by execing a new command , given as a unicode string .
edit a configuration file to include settings settings is a dictionary of dictionaries or none values , keyed by command / section name .
generate a new toolbox , by constructing a toolbox from the config files , and then adding pre - existing data managers from the old toolbox to the new toolbox .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider
converts the numeric part of the semver version into the 64 - bit long value using the following logic : major version is stored in first 16 bits of the value minor version is stored in next 16 bits patch version is stored in following 16 bits next 2 bits are used to store the flag : if the version has pre - release label then these bits are 00 , otherwise they are 11 .
generate pairs from devices ip neigh .
transform a keyword tree into a dfa using powerset construction .
this utility function determines a list of page numbers to display .
this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object , when the string is using the syntax / regexp [ / flags ] .
make a palette with color names from crayola crayons .
returns the current redis connection .
construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes .
encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
query helper that accounts for contexts read _ deleted field .
return a dict with keys verbose _ name and verbose _ name _ plural , typically for use with string formatting .
function to return if host is smartos global zone or not
a pyyaml presenter for property .
given a json home document , sticks new _ prefix on each of the urls .
sync modified file data and metadata to disk .
initializes time derivative printing for all sympy objects , i . e . any functions of time will be displayed in a more compact notation .
return matrix to rotate about axis defined by point and direction .
require a smartos package to be installed .
encodes a model instance as a protocol buffer .
replaces all % % - encoded words using keyword _ function _ map mapping functions
dump raw efuse data registers
weighted moving average
show a room .
factory for creating modelresource class for given django model .
remove unwanted files from the current source tree
reads csv file , parses content into dict
register an explicit module in the registry .
blur the image by setting each pixel to the average value of the pixels in a square box extending radius pixels in each direction .
return system process number
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
find a boolean mask to minimize timing differences .
ensure rds instance exists .
reconnect to ccu / homegear .
return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions
make sure that we can issue a request to each of the cluster nodes
extract all the information from the edf + , bdf file .
creates a list of prepopulated _ fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
return the radius of the graph g .
potentially we might have a deprecation warning , show it but call the appropriate methods anyhow
take last row of dataframe / last value of series considering nan .
return dictionary with signed request data .
get pillar output .
helper function to run raw osquery queries
assert the response was returned with the given status code .
return connection capabilities
upgrades web2py if a new version is posted .
get a list of the values in a square around the x and y pixel coordinates .
return true if its walrus endpoint , not s3
returns true if datetime is naive .
the square root function sqrt ( x ) - > returns the principal square root of x .
return a dictionary containing the mailcap database .
save all tickets
return the strong product of g and h .
return whether or not a file is hidden on windows .
predicate for whether a token name represents a callable function .
create composite using transparency mask .
builds the vif detach config spec .
convert using old function .
calculates a multi - dimensional percentile filter .
return latest known identifier in dict for series name
this function creates an argparser to parse command line arguments .
a saved _ file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field , model , and app specific aliases matching the saved files field , also generating thumbnails for each project - wide alias .
list all of the directories stored on the master
convert bulk _ data into a list of members .
selection _ statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement
helper to easily define string ranges for use in word construction .
retrieve a quota or raise if it does not exist .
computes the unnormalized pdf of the normal distribution .
start the required stub service running on a local port .
get model object or return none , this will catch the doesnotexist error .
returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
resizes an image and returns it as a np . array
determines if a given directory has enough space to hold a file of a given size .
retrieve a list of pids of listening processes within the given netns .
if withscores is specified in the options , return the response as a list of pairs
list " services " on the rest server
takes in a symbol that may be delimited and splits it in to a company symbol and share class symbol .
asserts that help link in side bar is correct .
stop logging for a trail
emit delete statements corresponding to value lists collected by _ collect _ delete _ commands ( ) .
helper function that returns a list of virtual nicmanagers and their information .
generate a new meas _ id dict .
marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
handle mysql / pg vs sqlite
callback that is used whenever - - config is passed .
get a list of domains from a cert , including the cn if it is set .
set scene numbering for a season / episode .
validate a google cloud storage file path .
return a queryset of form pages that this user is allowed to access the submissions for
scales all values in the ndarray ndar to be between 0 and 1
attempts to remove the " encoding = unicode " from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue # 38100
fetch a list of tweets .
check that a block volume exists .
pull from running job from job tracker
declaration _ specifiers : type _ specifier declaration _ specifiers
compute classification accuracy with a fixed threshold on distances .
set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir , my _ ip and host .
return dtype for given number of items per element
handle command line for a windows service
returns the rerun link for the given course key .
shuffle a list of conf . glance . api _ servers and return an iterator that will cycle through the list , looping around to the beginning if necessary .
establish support for a kernel density estimate .
the idea is we are going to use count _ all _ objects ( ) to see how many objects are in use , and keep track of that number with respect to how many times weve invoked f ( ) , and return the slope of the best linear fit .
now i execute the payload , by providing the shell _ obj .
like : func : dumps but writes into a file object .
generate a random uuid string
build an acltoken from the request .
update orderline data from a product .
function to check to ensure that all correct variables are assigned before attempting to talk to the implant
write a double - precision floating - point matrix tag .
fix negative index by adding * size * to it .
checks if a route table exists .
mark a string as already html , so that it wont be escaped before output .
ensure that a data source is present .
decode from utf8 to python unicode string .
sanitize all locales availble in nikola .
get the version information about docker .
clean the version string removing extra data .
return a boolean indicating whether i is sympy iterable .
parse prune output .
compute the fractional power of a matrix , for fractions - 1 < t < 1 .
list all the deployed webapps url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances .
create a new managed instance group .
gets the path to the root directory to download and cache datasets .
total variation of a vector , matrix , or list of matrices .
unloads and reloads a launchd service .
colorize differences between two values if color is enabled .
convert spherical partial derivatives to cartesian coords .
returns the points to use for interpolating v
get the configurations path formats as a list of query / template pairs .
context manager that takes a named logger and the logging level and provides a simple mock - like list of messages received
only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
returns a list of items in the system path
set the datastore to use by prompting the user to choose .
substitute variables defined in xml blocks from dependencies file .
returns the redundancy of the node v in the bipartite graph g .
convert c to a hex color .
read information from the cfg file of a scaled mri brain .
get unique network id from network name from neutron
set up the tcp binary sensor .
overwrite c { g } s name and docstring with values from c { f } .
restricts the characters that are allowed in a string
reload service name the services name
fetch x509 and csr extension definitions from tls : extensions : or set them to standard defaults .
return true if module exists , otherwise run skip ( ) .
pre - request callback params : method : post / get headers : { } data : { } # if method = = post url : category : search category pageno : 1 # number of the requested page
converts the given string to camel case , ie : > > > _ to _ camel _ case i like pepperjack !
spatial transformer layer
sets fixed random _ state parameters for an estimator
an implementation of nibabel . freesurfer . io . _ read _ volume _ info , since old versions of nibabel dont have it .
wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function , including noses additional stuff .
enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is allowed in the firewall configuration
for the duration of c { testcase } , add a fake plugin to twisted . plugins which contains some sample endpoint parsers .
polynomial mutation as implemented in original nsga - ii algorithm in
returns instance of modal alert box shown in browser after waiting for 6 seconds
returns the tops modules
render an l { iresource } using a particular l { irequest } .
returns true if the response should be json
checks that the remote repository directory is writable
efficiently updates a counter field by a given increment .
generates a temporary filename
format table to * behave * example
return the indices into * x * where * x * crosses some threshold from below , e . g . , the is where : : x [ i - 1 ] = threshold
normalise rgb components so the most intense has a value of 1 .
returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file .
returns true if the given list is made up of all strings in gm id form .
call the view function with an addon instead of a guid .
overlay the img onto the canvas at the specified position
only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
generate a short , random id .
wrapped up as a sphinx extension
return true if value is a valid imdb id for titles .
enforce the use of brokers everywhere !
return availability zone of specified instance .
call the necessary functions in order to execute the state .
a blank line
separate a comma or space separated list .
only if rsync is available .
connect a socket to the given destination .
return the head part of a path .
check that the bokehjs / node _ modules directory exists , as its absence is the best indication that npm is not installed .
loads price data from yahoo into a dataframe for each of the indicated assets .
get a key _ pair or raise if it does not exist .
return the installation key for this server .
check to see if the partition exists
iterate over fields .
given a prefixed parameter name , e . g . parameter _ 0 | parameter _ 1 , update the corresponding input value in a nested input values dictionary .
list everything added for or enabled in a zone
find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
remove gcode file .
filter the received list based on a look up table .
gives a list of enabled interfaces .
takes a sequence of unicode strings and yields a series of token objects , with the attributes filled in with reasonable values .
return a queryset or a manager .
read bad channels .
a pickleable top - level function to execute a process .
execute a json - rpc call on the given url
no multithreading or async io
generate a json - serializable model for course settings , which will be used to initialize a
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
return time units for levels in the hierarchy .
imports system symbols from preprocessed zip files into sentry .
convert an http date string to seconds since epoch .
return a list of sql statements needed to reset all sequences for django tables .
default feature extractor for the naivebayesanalyzer .
splits a low and high color into a list of n _ colors colors in it
only work when npm is installed .
connect to the specified server , login and return the service instance object .
generates consecutive snippets between start and end tokens .
connect to amazon route 53 domains
redirect to first links page .
non - view helper function that checks next _ url .
return info about available libraries
get version from local file .
convert a number of different types of objects to unicode .
dump a directed graph
converts a camelcase param like the _ new _ attribute to the equivalent camelcase version like thenewattribute .
returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array
split the list of promotions into separate lists , grouping by position , and write these lists to the context dict .
update recursively all the entries from a dict and its children dicts .
configures the default connection with a preexisting : class : cassandra . cluster . session
test class weights with non - contiguous class labels .
parse a top - level template string expression .
list public repositories within the organization .
get the internal function to shuffle the mt taste .
return a nice text document describing the traceback .
finds veer registrations whose registered _ meta has an undefined key and corrects .
convert the text format message into a message object .
converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
delete a dashboard .
proxy requests for the given rss url if it has been whitelisted .
handle the args / kwargs to for add _ axes / add _ subplot / gca , returning : :
linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
reads html data from a response object response searching for anchor .
invalid arguments release address
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
test simulation of evoked data .
helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts , if present .
train the model .
parse a single acl rule
converts an aware datetime . datetime to local time .
decode a message header value without converting charset .
initialize hhvm module
restful crud controller for organisations filtered by type
given an email , add this user to our upvoted newsletter .
create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog .
computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a ring .
a strategy to create a pool of node uuids .
create a certificate signing request for a particular certificate authority ca _ name name of the ca bits number of rsa key bits , default is 2048
c header for openblas threads interface
make a value with the specified numpy dtype .
sort order for image names .
principal components with svd
set terminal title using the necessary platform - dependent calls .
cool a gcode linear move file .
shows installed version of dnsmasq and compile options .
sends a put request .
display a dialog asking the user for a file to open .
get decimal places carried by the decimal places of the value plus the extradecimalplaces .
parse a xml string , returning an appropriate object ( usually an instance of a subclass of _ container .
return the most recent non - blank line and its line number .
first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system .
return location of modules config file .
look up registration object by email
wrap with oslo _ db _ api . wrap _ db _ retry , and also retry on
downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron .
converts raw node information to a node or leaf instance .
return a list of all child elements of c { inode } with a name matching
round a datetime to the nearest second .
return a human readable string
works the way a good mkdir should : ) - already exists , silently complete - regular file in the way , raise an exception - parent directory does not exist , make them as well
a view that tests a simple form
generate a set of records reflecting a set of probabilities .
parse the zfcp line
pretty print a table provided as a list of lists .
display information about certs configured with certbot
validates color ( s ) and returns an error for invalid color ( s )
initialize strategy module .
closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
parse a filename , url , or file - like object into an html document tree .
return the * l2 * norm of * a * , flattened out .
returns the signup form : { % signup _ form as form % } { { form } }
recursively builds a list of all subdirectories in the test suite .
toggle yappi profiler
get geometry output from paths .
convert a multi - file torrent file path entry to a filename .
setup the demo sensors .
performs complete / max / farthest point linkage on a condensed distance matrix
test morphing of source spaces
maximize image contrast .
construct a shared variable to hold the value of a tensor variable .
get all instance actions for the provided uuid .
get rotate around axis tetragrid and delete the axis and angle attributes .
creates a : class : cycler . cycler object much like : func : cycler . cycler , but includes input validation .
the equations of this type of ode are .
return the breadcrumb trail leading to location .
resolve compression flags
create an ad hoc noise covariance .
parse a string to a kivy color .
get language choices as code and text in two languages .
returns a key with namespace value appended .
a contract is a special transaction without the to argument .
max pooling 3d .
computes the root mean squared log error .
handle tags like pyqt > = 5 . 3 . 1 for bdd tests .
call callable into a try / except clause and translate enoent ,
add a optimizer which can be referred to by name in mode .
handle unexpected errors , including sending the traceback to sentry .
accuracy tests for the icrs to / from fk5 conversion , with arbitrary equinoxes and epoch of observation .
convert url - like strings in an html fragment to links .
get heightgrid by filename .
equivalent to jit
draw edge labels .
print unicode arguments safely by encoding them to preferred _ encoding
move a file to a folder
returns a simple mapping in which all machines are assigned to the same key .
get the absolute folder path .
returns true if value is a string with a positive integer representation > > > isnumposstrvalue ( 1 )
provides the number of file descriptors currently being used by a process .
equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances .
scans an entire table .
show the locale details page .
add a record to a zone .
compute md5 hash on passed file and return results in a tuple of values .
get the precedence index for state .
use this signal on a model to iterate through all the translations added to the hold queue and save them all .
change configuration of an instance .
return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository .
update the pnio rtc config
attach a volume to an instance
parse out the username or password from ftp
add corners to the loops .
set image filetype
moves a file from one location to another in the safest way possible .
computes cross entropy loss for pre - softmax activations .
compute frequency - and time - frequency - domain connectivity measures .
test the interaction between min _ weight _ fraction _ leaf and min _ samples _ leaf when sample _ weights is not provided in fit .
creates a new set - cookie header without the set - cookie prefix
loads the dataset
take in a dictionary of raw incoming parameters and expand to a list of expanded incoming parameters .
does the heavy lifting of finding format modules .
selecting / drop bad channels onpick .
returns all tags for the specified repo
debug tests from a unittest . testcase - derived class .
update various websites owned by sympy .
get fixed ip for a host in a network .
returns a constructed article object without downloading or parsing
coerce argument into a dask array > > > x = np . arange ( 3 ) > > > asarray ( x ) dask . array
check if program is installed and pathed properly
get round path .
checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course .
return the local number of pixels .
return n file ( s ) with the proper plurality on file .
helper to get the data array
warn if input files are empty or missing .
initialize and check whether the routing information is correct .
parses a db _ string coming from the db into a multistring object .
starts a new background thread .
setup the deutsche bahn sensor .
return all the translations for a given field .
setup the sleepiq sensors .
fail unless an exception of class exc _ class is thrown by callable _ obj .
add dependencies to the device memory .
end a meeting .
return the allowed ipv4 ranges in the spf record for domain .
checks the timestamp or expiry time included in an ec2 request and returns true if the request is expired
decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing .
return data with its axes permuted to match specified axes .
given a url , set or replace a query parameter and return the modified url .
decorate a c { write } callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value .
displays the headers and data list together
unjoin a computer from an active directory domain .
find the n smallest elements in a dataset .
this function merges two slices into a single slice .
return the graph adjacency matrix as a pandas dataframe .
parse a cisco formatted hw address to normal mac .
root mean squared error
sets a value or a set of values in the specified file .
compile the template string , calling methods on the program builder .
test several edge cases related to min / max bin , and rounding .
computes the determinant of a single square matrix .
remove log pattern from logadm
apply the specified function to individual groups in the match object ( the result of re . search ( ) or the whole match if no groups were defined .
this is shannons entropy
checks that user is authorized to access other _ application
utility to find a constraint name in alembic migrations
given metadata about a certificate under examination , classify it into one of three categories , ok , warning , and expired .
this function implements an anti - csrf check based on the
helper for hadoop _ fs _ ls ( ) and hadoop _ fs _ lsr ( ) .
get a list of aggregates that host belongs to .
a heuristic to generate a unique identifier for classes , that is not machine - , platform - , or runtime - dependent
list networks on a wireless interface
sets optional base properties for creating image .
set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in , redirecting to the log - in page if necessary .
take a request value and turn it into a bool
compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
context done separately , to be importable for similar pages .
load a polygon from a file
return true if name is a considered as an archive file .
adds key as a command line parameter to params .
filters out non - english and just all - around stupid releases by comparing them to the resultfilters contents .
make a location property proxy on the image object .
executes a fastboot command .
boot and test vm tests : list of tests to run pre : command line to run in vm before tests post : command line to run in vm after tests prompt : shell prompt memory : vm memory size in mb cpucores : number of cpu cores to use
checks if contrib . sites is installed and returns either the current site object or a requestsite object based on the request .
return a dict with all search - related es mappings .
return true if were the same thread as the one that created the tornado
ensures that all parameters in a list of 2 - element tuples are encoded to bytestrings using utf - 8
confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools
extracts a filename from the given dict of http headers .
decorator to time the execution of the function .
change the users work phone
combine multiple tuples into a combined tuple
smart linking role .
ensure the ec2 eni exists .
get the unimplemented abstract methods for the given * node * .
play the named broadcast .
calculates the sentence level gleu score described in
returns a date object corresponding to the expected date of the next release : normally , this tuesday .
render only the application content for the region
set up the gtfs sensor .
execute rac commands
a blog structure .
transfer the closest remaining path .
extract references to issues out of a list of logs
returns a python dictionary of the exploration , whose keys are state names and values are yaml strings representing the state contents with lines wrapped at width characters .
tests plural translations are stored and synced .
read pillar data from http response .
usmm - > usmm _ csc _ dense
return metric function by name
wait until all jquery ajax calls have completed .
if input points to ) or } or ] or > , finds the position that opens it .
adds the index1 row with index2 row which in turn is multiplied by k
fake version of os . open .
run custom user specific code , if available .
send and receive using a bluetooth socket
admins and coaches can add teachers
initialize choosen linters .
simulates testing a hug cli method from the command line
close the sd _ ref object if it isnt null
parses given page content for possible forms
this is the real summary
config vif inbound / outbound bandwidth limit .
disable the named service to start at boot
choose a random item from iters
this function is used when there is a need to run more than one job simultaneously starting exactly at the same time .
unload all loaded plugins in the reverse order that they were loaded .
create a mock of save - manager and register it into objreg .
extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header
return number of virtual is running
this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters
get all dates since the latest
write a failure to the log .
test working copy with sudo .
helper for downloading all megsim datasets .
thanks to mark r .
find the closest ansi 256 approximation to the given rgb value .
convert an image to double - precision floating point format .
determine whether the title contains a " featured " marker .
performs the next request on the labjackud request stack
return true if the name is used in function decorator
this function creates an instance of a class thats inside a module with the same name .
same as f ( ) , but inside a lifted loop
open the given filename and return the workbook
returns an entry from the known versions table
accumulate all attributes of a given name in a class heirarchy into a single list .
finds similar units .
generates a library signature suitable for a user agent field .
execute a specific top file instead of the default .
covariance of two random expressions
validate a group uri path and get the group id .
move vhds from staging area into the sr .
if args is a list of 1 integer token and 2 percentage tokens , return rgb values as a tuple of 3 floats in 0 . . 1 .
attach a router port to the given attachment .
function to match megsim data files .
return matching the argspec object
poll a file for a given string .
the largest integer k such that b ^ k < = n .
creates a subsystem for test .
convert a date string to a time tuple .
select a template based on whether the template argument is set or not .
records a correct answer for the given problem .
linear regression slope
manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path .
wraps a method so that it performs a check in debug mode if the first request was already handled .
decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy .
return all version info from lvm version
parses a votable _ xml file , reading and returning only the first ~ astropy . io . votable . tree . table instance .
return a default orange . widgets entry point for loading default orange widgets .
return a list of normalized combinations for a bcp 47 language tag .
append a rule to the specified table & chain .
use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path .
tries to find if given path was resolved over application .
generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
add keyring to authorised list
given a sequence of hashble objects , returns the object that is most common in the set and the its number of appearance .
kills line breaks , tabs , and double spaces
list servers belonging to specific hypervisors .
decorator to _ sympify arg argument for function func dont use directly - - use _ sympifyit instead
all servers match a list of tag sets .
returns true if expr is a literal , else false .
authenticate with pocket oauth
saves time for future use with tac or toc .
serialize a sequence of characters with attribute information
multiply the fill text .
creates and returns the ada1 script
return a string describing the signature of a callable object , or .
returns a maximum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
theanos max pooling op only supports pool _ stride = pool _ shape so here we have a graph that does max pooling with strides
view a topic with the given id .
construct for yaml
inverse function for erf .
difference of linear operators .
utility function allowing services to process the command line .
group dataframe by index
rules : rules rule | rule
return a graph object ready to be populated .
if plugins is none , then this method calls startup and shutdown on the device plugins .
converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string .
this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
render a file as a template before setting it down .
send email after new sessions proposal
get detailed instance information for an instance which is common to all notifications .
default view used when request fails csrf protection
solve the linear assignment problem using the hungarian algorithm .
masks out the quotes and comments , and then splits appropriate lines before indenting them below .
returns the configuration value for the provided permission
gets node registration was registered from .
install flocker docker plugin on a distribution .
renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
get from usual main hue config directory
returns true if the text is related to the weather .
create a new workflow instance
format the per - commit information for the message , including the one - line commit summary and a link to the diff if a web url has been configured :
return a list of vms using lookup search : string vmadm filter property order : string vmadm order property - - default : uuid , type , ram , state , alias one : boolean return only one result
get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path .
compute all the possible loadable plugins , while loading as few as possible and hitting the filesystem as little as possible .
allows downloading of uploaded files URL
generate a unique key for a scope that can be used as a filename , in a url , or in a kvs .
return integer part of given number .
get the project version from whatever source is available .
create a new hmac object .
assume cci is running .
return the memory consumed by process
return a list of context - free productions .
prints a list of lint errors in the given list of javascript files .
loop over all poles one by one and apply knv method 0 algorithm
takes a list of flow stats
prompts a user for input .
get the accessible attribute .
normalize string according to scene standard .
generates an slightly worse ascii - only slug .
applies tag filtering to an instance query .
given the output of a call to theano . tensor . nnet . sigmoid , returns the argument to the sigmoid .
destroy used or unused cached images .
remove followers of an existing viewpoint .
delete fragments of one single track smaller than mintracklength track : array of values ; mintracklength : minimum duration of tracks in number of frames returns cleantrack : array of clean values
shared utility method to render a survey form
calculate bode magnitude and phase data of a discrete - time system .
determines whether a directory should be skipped or linted .
deletes a map and the associated map layers .
revoke role from a user .
show a dialog for diffing two commits
plot the autocorrelation function
fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and language and installs it as the current translation object for the current thread .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
prints expr using the pager , in pretty form .
the main entry of blade .
ensure an apache module is disabled .
attempts to get a sane common name from a given certificate .
restful crud controller
asks the user using inputlist ( ) and returns the selected element or
generic detail view from year / month / day / slug or year / month / day / id structure .
return an 2d array containing cls . expected _ value for each date / asset pair in the inputs .
entry point for graded results from the queueing system .
currently executing task , that was applied by the worker .
independence of two random expressions
tee response output to cache storage .
returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
create a non - blocking read / write pipe .
all networks for which the given host is the network host .
builds the virtual switch port group add spec .
apply 2d matrix transform .
streams n random bytes generated with given seed , at given chunk size per packet .
if view returned serializable dict , returns jsonresponse with this dict as content .
a skeleton json api document , containing the basic elements but no data .
calculate the gaunt coefficient .
start the specified service
loads the mnist dataset .
split a string on all unquoted newlines .
generates the actual list of data .
converts identifiers representing js constants to the pyjs constants
count distinct clades in the trees .
return the series expansion of an expression about 0 .
the script assumes that the current timestamp was recorded with the servers current set timezone
returns path to packaged static files
return source and its hypernyms .
simple task wrapper for rendering stale documents
get the lines for a file from the cache .
disable nat on this interface .
build the pxe config file for a node
return facl version from getfacl - - version
save data in admin folder in specified format
simulates macro from ovs
fit a single binary classifier .
search index for files matching query
return the security group
fetch an instance from the compute api , handling error checking .
delete an index template along with its data
an implementation of rmsprop
given a dotted name return the module part of the name : > > > get _ module _ part logilab . common . modutils
this method utilize course coupon code
removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace
modified from the authors original perl code by dfield @ yahoo - inc . com .
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the modified powell algorithm .
returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
accept and convert deprecated location values .
get a carving for the file using an import plugin .
given a astropy . table . column instance , returns the attributes necessary to create a votable field element that corresponds to the type of the column .
updates the course mode for the enrolled user .
returns the semver version ( x . y . z [ - ] ) from version
for n = return the coefficients of the polynomial , prod ( sum ( x * * i for i in range ) for nj in n ) ; i . e . the coefficients of the product of aops or order given in n .
gets a list of individual band names .
manage libvirt keys .
tests user - accessible projects when there are no hide permissions set at the root .
declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class
virtualenv with distribute
convert a number in hex format to string
converts binary representation vni to integer .
step 5a strips suffix - e if preceded by multiple vowel - consonant pairs , or one vowel - consonant pair that is not a short syllable .
return a list of msbuild targets for external builders .
no changes to the image members table from 008 . . .
the networksegments table was renamed in the contract branch .
internal workflow operation to remove an entrance exam
process the enable checkbox
construct a trials base class instance from a list of trials documents
return a filter function that filters blast results on % alignment min _ percent - - minimum percent match as a float between 0 and 1
returns the arithmetic mean of the values in the given iterable or iterator .
parses requirements files and returns a list of requirements .
apply a rule down a tree running it on the bottom nodes first .
upload files to pypi .
return all the salt - usual double - under data structures for a minion
builds an inception v3 subgraph for image embeddings .
format the split libraries lea - seq log
parses strings into booleans using the following mapping : true = > true false = > false 1 = > true 0 = > false
pack up a directory structure , into a specific format
create a group object in the db .
this function set the verbosity of sqlmap output messages .
returns true a rule for the ip already exists based on the method supplied .
returns num - tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints
check the submit _ to for each mr / yarn cluster , and return the config section of first one that enables submission .
ensure policy is attached to the given principal .
return true if generator is not started .
a string representation of the type for this column , such as " varchar " or " map " .
show the about page , so that we have another view func ; - )
return bluez version from bluetoothd - v
for in - memory routing , we need to be able to build the entire routing table in producers .
determine stability of var ( p ) system by examining the eigenvalues of the
download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory
the main runner function
get the repository constructor .
add an axes to the figure .
returns the tolerance for the item , if not set , returns global tolerance
validates configurations common for all apps
get an instance of the serial class , depending on port / url .
consumes the json as a python object and actually starts the build .
concatenate conditioning vector on feature map axis
generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given argument types that returns a string from a gdal pointer .
format / beautify a json file .
save line buffer to the desc prop .
converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
returns html code .
get all alert definitions associated with a given deployment or if metric _ name is specified , obtain the specific alert config
return a dictionary with version information .
add the given value to all supplied numbers .
validate the requirements .
wait until entity fulfill expected condition .
returns configuration dict from parsing either the file described by path or the environment variable described by env _ var as yaml .
generic constructor for jitclasses .
create a schema within a database .
check to see if rvm is installed .
read from a file if it has been modified .
compute the an lsq b - spline .
run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd . retcode
capitalize ( s ) - > string
create a new aggregate with metadata .
restful crud controller
same as twsited . internet . defer . succed , but delay calling callback until next reactor loop
request container information directly from the container server .
returns a detailed summary of package information for provided package names .
configure a service for operating a mail server .
pkg / typename - > typename , typename - > typename
runs op on each table listed in - - tables .
generate an md5 hash for a file
parse the setup . py command and return whether a build is requested .
wrapper around sqlalchemy . sql . functions . sum to handle biginteger .
encodes a name / value pair .
change the username for a named user
organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using - - extension / - e multiple times .
create a filer image from an upload .
generate connected components .
deploy a new version of code to production or test server .
move the object to the trash
given a service name , return the provider class
helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
get the associated class of the given method object .
returns true if a and b are relatively prime , and false if they are not .
list the modules loaded on the minion . .
helper for jinja2 to do format strings
determine the number of index rows that need to change .
reset permissions for all doctypes
test whether a path exists .
approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p .
converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
convert a postgis hex string into a dictionary .
checks that the given url is a video that can be played by quicktime
parse a bulkloader . yaml file into bulkloader loader classes .
get strings describing the arguments for the given object
resize partition and fileystem .
turn string into a list of css classes
decorator to acquire a mutex around an apiproxystub method .
ensure that a grain is set name
parses a port forwarding statement in the form used by this state : from _ port : to _ port : protocol [ : destination ] and returns a forwardingmapping object
client api operation adapter / wrapper
returns a group message edit form .
checks header for valid characters , unique and required fields header : list of header strings errors : list of errors warnings : list of warnings sample _ id _ ix : index of sampleid in header desc _ ix : index of description in header bc _ ix : index of barcodesequence in header linker _ primer _ ix : index of linkerprimersequence in header added _ demultiplex _ field : if specified , references a field in the mapping file to use for demultiplexing .
process labels to numerical values
fail unless an exception of class exception _ class and with message that matches expected _ regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs .
return path to python executable
it always call @ after . all hooks , even after exceptions
only load on linux systems
clear the existing modulestore instances , causing them to be re - created when accessed again .
return the most recently accessed item that has yet to be completed by user .
find the specific or default logger .
plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes .
returns true if interface is disabled , otherwise false
represent the levi - civita symbol .
url - encodes all characters in a given payload
add a volume overlay to the current axes .
decorator to smartly _ sympify function arguments
backslash any quotes within text .
find a user by name and return it .
returns a 404 not found error .
indent a string a given number of spaces or tabstops .
add together everything in the list things .
restful crud controller
this portion is for arguments parsing
get vlm _ media instance time by name or instance id .
return the offsets of the tokens in * s * , as a sequence of tuples , by splitting the string at each occurrence of * sep * .
create a new volume type .
return the allowed ipv4 ranges in the spf record for domain .
a simple dialogue allowing write access to the file system .
return the original from a hexified string
django template tag that outputs the css import for a : { % microsite _ css _ overrides _ file % }
recursively convert dict keys and values to byte str
posts the listing to slack .
parse items from a file where each item is in a different line
send a signal to a container .
returns a cache key for the header cache .
return the path where wed expect to find a . egg - link file for this distribution .
this is a cross platform temporary file creation .
create an absolute url for the given path .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
applies the letter case of the word to the stem :
return a dictionary with all items of l being the keys of the dictionary
return all unique elements in it , preserving order .
get the percentage of relative humidity from the humidity sensor .
attempts to load plugins from a list of directories .
returns a boolean indicating if the user is eligible for credit for the given course
convenience function to roll tensortypes along the given axis .
generate an var process with errors u similar to gauss uses loop
setup osprofiler notifier and enable profiling .
determines whether the input can be converted to a float ( using a try : float )
get built artifact base url and installer for a given distribution .
a fixture providing a guiprocess and cleaning it up after the test .
ensure vm is in the running state on the computenode name : string hostname of vm . .
test a gradient by finite difference method .
checks to see if a given val for a field is of the proper _ type .
return a randint generator .
this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
wrapper that forces sending mail through our connection .
a decorator for creating a jitclass .
send email notifications for build failure
convert maxfilter - formatted head position quaternions .
get a serial console to a server .
warns or raises a ~ astropy . io . votable . exceptions . votablespecerror if * ucd * is not a valid unified content descriptor _ string as defined by the
sends a message to the managers , as defined by the managers setting .
print a list of available networks .
rc4 decryption of encoded data
each action is equally likely .
compute non - negative matrix factorization with coordinate descent
helper to raise a validation error .
create a temporary log of what people say
parse the line and replace it if the first word of the line is in the first word table .
parse tformn keyword for a binary table into a tuple .
get the canonical host name this agent should identify as .
list queues and their sizes .
convert a user identifier , as a string , into an integer uid .
local total _ seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 6 .
scopes were introduced in systemd 205 , this function returns a boolean which is true when the minion is systemd - booted and running systemd > = 205 .
stop the specified service
get an existing retention policy .
send a email to inform user of account creation
verify that object is an instance of expected
get all environments from the top file
show checks failing in a subproject .
reload the webapp app the webapp context path url : URL the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request
create the objects that need to know about tabstops .
return the barbell graph : two complete graphs connected by a path .
create a gce firewall rule .
parse an inlined documentation block
removed the least accessed file on a given dir
undoes what safe _ version ( ) does .
make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k - th diagonal zeroed .
centers and norms x * * in place * *
this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
create a file client and add it to the context .
interpret filesystem path settings relative to the base _ path given .
add page - view tracking summary data to the given resource dict .
returns request dict of given keys .
insert a circuit into another quantum circuit .
returns data with degree polynomial regressed out .
extract allocation data from a json body .
remove sets that are subsets of another set from a list of tuples
get new files .
check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form " " .
update video status in edx - val .
alias for read _ local :
list usage data for all tenants .
mainline function for this module .
get the course information from ecommerce and parse the data to get providers .
plot n - dimensional images using matplotlib . pyplot .
create a new 3des object .
returns iterator over specified service _ type
python implementation of systemfunction005 .
sets the job status on sauce labs
monkey - patched for doc - building
this function and the web2py _ uuid follow from the following discussion : URL
download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists .
extract zipfiles at input _ dir into output _ dir
returns the list of search query results from the given service .
return of nth - order elliptic analog lowpass filter .
convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format
generates a relational many - to - many array .
read a standard conll / malt - style format
returns a copy of the user supplied plot options .
function to read in a tag descriptor
remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one .
testing multiple canvases
returns dna / dna tm using nearest neighbor thermodynamics .
returns a time suitable for paypal time fields .
calculate and return the md5 checksum for a given file .
compute score for 2 random uniform cluster labelings .
update object metadata
get new repository .
helper to decorate tests which receive in the last argument tmpdir to pass to kill _ srv
default datalist item renderer for credentials on the hrm profile
get default retryparams for current request and current thread .
convenience wrapper to take a wmi datetime string of the form yyyymmddhhmmss . mmmmmm + uuu and return a 9 - tuple containing the individual elements , or none where string contains placeholder stars .
return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square .
extracts the environment pythonpath and appends the current sys . path to those .
return a list of oslo _ config options available in glance manage .
sort a potentially big file filename - the input file key - a list of field names to sort by outputfile - the name of the output file fields - a list of fields that should be included watermark - when available memory goes bellow the watermark create a new chunk sort ( ) works by reading as records from the file into memory and calling _ sortchunk ( ) on each chunk .
get the local marker directory .
receives signal and kicks off celery task to update search index
parse command - line options .
iterate over every user in the order they signed up for github .
an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of .
quote the value as html .
return listening _ ports information from osquery
get the float by the keys and the prefix .
fir filter design using the window method .
standardises a property or value name .
check if argument encodes to ascii without error .
return the unique values of * series * , correctly sorted .
compute sturm sequence of f .
automatically find / download setuptools and make it available on sys . path version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
create int from binary repr from URL
creates a request to read rows in a table .
add a non - fuzzy translation to the dictionary .
get subject alternative names from certificate or csr using pyopenssl .
return the ngrams generated from a sequence of items , as an iterator .
the hash function h
return an unpickled backend .
return true if a private ip address is requested
run bootstrap for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded : only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated , loc = 0 and scale = 1 are fixed in the estimation
virtual field : country
remove an iis application pool .
as scalar _ search _ wolfe1 but do a line search to direction pk
docstring for install _ openblas
return the script deployment object
returns the section order for the given issue .
returns operations for regular distances ; spherical distances are not currently supported .
return true if s3 _ url has scheme fakes3 :
disassociate all volume types associated with specified qos specs .
get carved text .
write the content - types xml .
return n random rows of data ( and also the other len - n rows )
plot two bar graphs side by side , with letters as x - tick labels .
from a pillar key , or a dictionary , return index and host keys .
computes binary classification accuracy of the minibatch .
test that the sympy can be pip installed , and that sympy imports in the install .
decorator to easily mock a ckan auth method in the context of a test function
helper method for defining nested lists enclosed in opening and closing delimiters ( " " are the default ) .
convert argument to a numeric type .
a basic document feature extractor that returns a dict of words that the document contains .
get new derivation .
resample x to num samples using fourier method along the given axis .
calculate median of series
compute cross - trial - phase - statistics [ 1 ] .
returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run .
like the name says .
convert an ipv4 or ipv6 address in textual form into a name object whose value is the reverse - map domain name of the address .
deletes a campaign feed .
test that an available version satisfies the required version .
call c { f } with the given arguments , handling c { eintr } by retrying .
create an rdataset with the specified class , type , and ttl , and with the specified list of rdatas in text format .
view the search tools page .
function to decide which key function to use .
handle click on labels .
get list of projects by inspecting the eggs dir and the ones defined in the scrapyd . conf [ settings ] section
given the id of a dataset , find its primary manifestation and the node its on .
patches an collections current search document , with the values from the update dictionary .
build metadata for submission to ezid using the datacite profile .
print the elements of iterable x to stdout .
takes an input string and outputs another string as specified in the output format
returns the path _ info from the wsgi environment and properly decodes it .
updates a port
removes a team member from a team with team _ name .
generate c pre - processor options as used by at least two types of compilers : the typical unix compiler and visual c + + .
aux function to center data .
check a - - unit
wrap a file descriptors read with a partial function which schedules after each read .
annotate the given clauseelement and copy its internals so that internal objects refer to the new annotated object .
sine cosine benchmark function .
a convenience method to obtain the monitor job id .
install the latest version of miniconda _ .
retrieves single volume type by name .
return a list of groups
create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class .
merge a base uris path with a relative uris path .
get the number of users using 2 + products within a period of time
computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k [ x ] .
pick eeg positions .
find the given resource by searching through the directories and zip files in paths , where a none or empty string specifies an absolute path .
get the friendly name of the given certificate cert
runs a simple http server hosting wsgi app func .
ignores a logger for the regular breadcrumb code .
downloads a file from gcs .
function : func : images2neibs allows to apply a sliding window operation to a tensor containing images or other two - dimensional objects .
plot head and sensor alignment in 3d .
consider using one of month _ plot or quarter _ plot unless you need irregular plotting .
restful crud controller for inbound email channels
pickle object to input file path
minimize a function over a hyperparameter space .
renders the pagination / pagination . html template , resulting in a
sets the value of the users course tag for the specified key in the specified course _ id .
returns true if the given list is made up of all pairs .
escape special characters from a filename so that it can be passed to scp as a remote file .
return network i / o statistics for every network interface installed on the system as a dict of raw tuples .
module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification .
return none if value is zero
lossless compression : convert . wav file to . flac format .
make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data .
recurse through node and parents for subscriptions .
deletes a disk snapshot based on the given vm and the disk _ id .
update plots url to include the secret key
skip test if being run on travis .
get an iterator object over the corpus file .
returns a cache key for the header cache .
return cpuid information from osquery
plot covariance data .
execute a bunch of template statements in a scopedcontext .
name is uppercased because the heading styles are uppercase in css
set up the zoneminder sensor platform .
create a new pub / sub topic .
make a direct connection , and authenticate if necessary .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond0 .
variant of : func : pyramid . traversal . traversal _ path _ info suitable for decoding paths that are url - encoded .
convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions .
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
called at the end , both in case of success and failure
system information type 16 section 9 . 1 . 43d
directory tree generator path is the root of the directory tree to walk
add the vertexes .
tweaked for xonsh cases from cpython test _ genericpath . py
takes as parameters several dicts , each with the same parameters passed to popen .
generate package metedata db based on files within the winrepo _ source _ dir
returns true if given state is a valid bgp finite state machine state .
decode a bson true / false to python true / false .
stop a machine by name
extract the uptime string from the given device .
a decorator to create plugin classes : :
returns a nested dictionary of the form : { etag - string : { " stack " : stack - address , " version " : software - version } ,
return the file modification time as a long .
execute the onlyif and unless logic .
wrapper function which locks and logs calls to function lock
parse a full app id into partition , domain name and display app _ id .
if data is float , multiply by 255 and convert to uint8 .
because bing has to be an asshole and require special params
list currently configured data sources .
return the list of groups that the user is authorized to edit .
returns the unicode block number for ch , or none if ch has no block .
this method generates true random numbers from a
tries to infer the set of acceptable patterns for prediction at the given time step and for the give sequence .
return view of image transformed from array to cartesian origin .
print out basic info and metadata from object , as returned from
returns a localised unicode representation of a number in si format eg 14700 becomes 14 . 7k
decompress blob of compressed data .
return the set of courseoverviews that should be visible in this branded instance .
filter otus with fewer than min _ count sequences from input _ otu _ map _ fp
return the hierarchical clustering of the data sets columns .
return an iterator over all sitemap urls contained in the given robots . txt file
return three number tuple as public key .
tests whether a phone number matches a valid pattern .
utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures .
this function replaces objects with objects _ lvals , returns new code , replacement dict and count .
create an ami from a snapshot
given a trained tp and a list of sequences , compute the temporal pooler performance metric on those sequences .
the available version of the package in the repository
delete a pipeline , its pipeline definition , and its run history .
writes a networkx . digraph to two shapefiles , edges and nodes .
convert inputs to float arrays .
cleans an ipv6 address string .
return a sorting order value for a string that contains a garment size .
loads an object from the file in hdf5 format .
return the subset of the list names that match pat .
test that the im _ func of a sharedmethod always points to the correct underlying function .
generate the xml string to define a libvirt storage volume
parse a kegg ligan / compound file , returning record objects .
set mute status .
determine if the loop is intersecting inside the x segment .
connect e - mail callbacks to signals .
train a multi - class probabilitistic svm classifier .
set a keys time to live in seconds
transforms the shape of a tensor from ( d1 , d2 . . .
construct a connection value to google storage api
quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " . . . "
return dictionary with signed request data .
import a collection of media files from a zip file .
set which local class will represent a remote type .
parses the provided address string as host : port and returns a tuple of .
try to infer a dict call to a dict node .
retrieve an object representing all aggregated data for a users course enrollment .
checks for a cross below conditions over the specified period between two dataseries objects .
markup the given string for useful display .
creates an http exception based on a status code .
escapes specific sequences for logging .
return the tensor product of g and h .
accumulate a list of values values into the frequency counts freqcounts , and return the updated frequency counts
iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern .
use the tools . cli methods and then add a few more arguments .
send command to memcached and stream response
normalize the data against a baseline .
the apiproxy entry point for a synchronous api call .
main entry point for spam handling - called from the comment view and page processor for mezzanine . forms , to check if posted content is spam .
return the image object to use
verifies if string is a pubkey
runs a simple http server hosting wsgi app func .
calculates the next fst attempt in order to approximate a desired fst .
executes a searchanalytics . query request .
creates attendance record .
read queues from all threads , and dispatch message .
renders the main discussion page , potentially filtered by a search query
generate a proper table node for autosummary : : directive .
tests units multistringwidget decompresses a list of values .
simulate a server - server get request for an in - process api .
extract every file and directory from a python structure
get all available regions for the amazon cloudsearch domain service .
get size in pixels of string
formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
returns the number of attracting components in g .
get span direction for the majority of the overhanging extrusion perimeter , if any .
single document view page
returns github api url for querying tags .
reverse bits in each byte of byte string or numpy array .
decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion .
t is the testset .
searches python code for a template name .
create or update instance type extra specs .
this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies , and in galaxy when a repository and its dependencies are being installed .
removes repeated objects from sequences
initializes a tor process , like : func : ~ stem . process . launch _ tor , but with a customized configuration .
restful crud controller for channels - unused
gets current config of l2 switchport
apply pricelist on a document - like dict object and return as { parent : dict , children : list }
take a low tag and split it back into the low dict that it came from
helper function to display a list of active bans .
parse a date / time string into a timezone aware datetime object .
pull salt file references out of the states
returns a prime number of max .
gets a url to the specified " path " to the api endpoint available at " host " .
get a character and integer string .
write the output stream .
quote / characters so that they arent visible to djangos url quoting , unquoting , or url regex matching .
migrates uuid to new namespace .
check if the salt - proxy process associated with this proxy is running .
a function - call expression with only positional parameters .
wraps the application in an interactive debugger .
declares a flag as key for the calling module .
marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
export method to a png file format
path must be module . path . classname > > > cls = import _ string
render an opensearch plugin .
returns a list of 64 smaller lists of [ r , g , b ] pixels representing the the currently displayed image on the led matrix .
returns state flags .
return the ordered dict yaml loader
remove an image from a system .
adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class .
resultant algorithm in k [ x ] using subresultant prs .
return bandpass filtered data .
return the pattern represented by an index value
generates a list of tuples for the default icons for add - ons , in the format .
if the range of characters from code1 to code2 - 1 includes any lower case letters , return the corresponding upper case range .
create a folder in which to create tasks .
computes the shapes of the given arrays after auto - cropping is applied .
given combinatorial term f ( k ) simplify its consecutive term ratio
de - allocate a floating ip .
drop - in replacement for sys . exit that will automatically detect bare consoles and wait for user input before closing .
format log message to add keyspace and connection context
convert a cms - signed token in pem format to a custom url - safe format .
factorial ( n ) - > returns factorial of n
check reports to be sent daily
sphinx build " make mode " entry .
handle sending password
check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
global logfile logfile = mktemp ( ) print " tempfile is : " , logfile
send response as a web page with a message rather than json .
store the old application _ urls and path on the instance
create the directories if they dont exist
try to save a store with a pootle _ path that is different from the associated store .
a context manager that does nothing special .
install and return handlers
sets edge attributes from a given value or dictionary of values .
cast to unicode dammit !
process the xml element .
return true if line equals
mean excess function of genpareto assert are inequality conditions in de zea bermudez , kotz
turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id .
checks if the fetch is for the same url from which it originated .
the restful handler for course reruns .
check whether a subtask has been updated before really updating .
warn if dependencies are not met .
converts values that are instance of model to a dictionary with enough information to retrieve the instance back later .
given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer / consumer model , the messages that are sent to it are added to a queue and printed " at a random time " .
create a query from a single query component , query _ part , for querying instances of model _ cls .
return console size as tuple = .
these elements were created by mistake in the contract branch .
this returns the snippet of html to be rendered on the course info page , given the key for the section .
transform ip string to an rsync - compatible form
generator that splits a string by spaces , leaving quoted phrases together .
extract all translation messages from file _ obj .
returns a right - stochastic representation of directed graph g .
take a hex string * s * and return the corresponding rgb 3 - tuple
builds the vm relocation spec .
checks whether user can accept suggestions to given translation .
makes a generic vo service call .
parses an http response into a dict .
checks if value is an instance of dict
create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
extract a module - level docstring , if any
print all flaky tests .
delete object directly from the object server .
this function performs the boolean sliding window probability estimation .
asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances .
compare array column by column with expectation
open a bzip2 - compressed file in binary or text mode .
simple command - line program for listing datastores in datastore cluster
duplicate identical trainop
get the value as an int .
this function computes the lfsr autocorrelation function .
if passed as a parameter , names should replace any column names found in the header .
preprocess dimension for broadcasting .
extract the likely current metadata for an album given a list of its items .
finds info about first non - sqlalchemy call in stack
step 2 : the product is selected .
new receivable form
measure the length of each input argument .
returns remote path in format acceptable for scp / rsync .
helper to check docstring , returns list of incorrect results
check if font value is valid , regex is too slow .
creates a function that converts a setting into an ordered dict with the given types .
generate and return a file object with specified compression .
constructs the skipfield function .
finds an element by sizzle selector .
decorate a function to invoke the garbage collector after each execution .
convert entities and fix newlines .
polys is not good with real coefficients .
tests race condition when downloading items
requeue message ( s ) in the mail queue
parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 3 . 1 .
get the swap device out of the list context .
read unsigned character string .
create source distribution .
remove common rows in [ y , x ] that contain at least one nan
get the filename of the distutils , local , global , or per - user config kind must be one of " local " , " global " , or " user "
extract messages from the given file - like object using the specified extraction method .
use the lazymap class to construct a lazy list - like object that is analogous to map .
inverse of zigzagencode ( ) .
coerce to a list .
launch from a shortcut
decorator to cache function return value .
create a fake orm cluster instance .
return a list of the ids of the sites revisions .
distort one image for training a network .
get all tasks that match zero or more filters .
test that you cant add a duplicate file extension
run unit tests .
class decorator that allow the decorated class to be serialized by the migrations subsystem .
internet gateway fail to detach w / wrong vpc
view decorator that wraps the request in a revision .
find the vertical edges of an image using the scharr transform .
returns true if received secret matches expected secret for form _ instance .
default view used when request fails csrf protection
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a matchfirst for best performance .
add summaries for losses .
regularize noise covariance matrix .
extract the most common spans lengths and representation formats
returns the information on vnc for a given vm
convert some idna - encoded octets into some human - readable text .
run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
looks for date patterns , and if found return the date and group span .
ask for a color
creates an internal less than or equal constraint .
remove func from the list of functions that are registered doesnt do anything if func is not found func = function to be unregistered
collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock _ field _ name for the given block _ structure and transformer .
get albuminfo objects for a given id string .
returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point .
command line tool : run command specified by argument list .
write rootobject as a plst resource to the resource fork of path .
convert constant value declaration to python value .
check out the available cpu online map
build master api _ server _ args
return a count of the number of joysticks available .
renders a form field using bootstraps prepended or appended text : : { % crispy _ addon form . my _ field prepend = " $ " append = " . 00 " % }
returns regions of changes between two similar lines .
publish message to an mqtt topic using a template payload .
yield write _ script ( ) argument tuples for a distributions entrypoints
converts a unix timestamp to a human readable date / time
signal receiver for unenrollments , used to automatically initiate refunds when applicable .
forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered .
generates a public and private rsa pem encoded key pair
draw a sankey diagram .
service the lane _ stack and move any received messages into their associated deques in rx _ msgs keyed by the destination share in the msg route dict
this is for anydbm compatibility .
list valid entries in mine configuration .
write the specified data to the socket .
suppress function from printing to sys . stdout
the the time value of an asn1 time object .
hits the github api for a single page of closed issues and returns the data .
take existing generated pep - 0000 . html and convert to something suitable for a python . org page returns the core body html necessary only
returns whether a tensor is a sparse tensor .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
enum _ item : identifier = intconstant | identifier
finds any extra indexes and removes those from mongodb .
convert an iri to a uri .
encrypts the specified plaintext password using the configured encryption options .
compile sass files for the given system and theme .
adds a new language to the plugin translations .
strip leading email quotation characters ( > ) .
expression : lparen error rparen
return the composite index definition yaml needed for a query .
set a service in warning state
kick things off and configure all the things .
parses junit xml reports and maps targets to the set of individual tests that failed .
populate a dictionary of bigram features , reflecting the presence / absence in the document of each of the tokens in bigrams .
get all emails that need to be sent .
return a eigenmatexception object based on the error code err _ code .
get an integration response for a given method in a given api
calculate a robust standard deviation using the median absolute deviation _ .
used by erf / erfc opt to track less frequent op .
update file replacing key with value in provided dictionary
extract the context from a pair of positional and keyword arguments .
set the title of the current axis to * s * .
returns a decoder for a string field .
gets the http host from the environment or request headers .
error checking on routines that return geometries .
parse the client response to the challenge
query from iscsi server for available targets
find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order .
solve tf l21 + l1 inverse solver with bcd and active set approach .
load a module
separate special queries from normal queries
create a qboxlayout with the specified sizes and items
public interface to the flat page view .
given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction .
locate eog artifacts .
tries to get / create the rendition for the image or renders a not - found image if it does not exist .
decompose power into symbolic base and integer exponent .
takes api token , returns headers with it included .
makes dict of color gradient
optimization to insert inplace versions of remove0 .
creates a dns record for the given name if the domain is managed with do .
decorator that removes specific headers from the response .
list resource _ type associations by namespace , raise if not found
attempt to parse a json object from a buffer .
convert a name in the filesystem to the name of the python module it is .
convert a config file to a config directory .
convert a string to a value that is acceptable as a make variable name .
show a commit to a stream .
set up the concord232 binary sensor platform .
given an unsorted list with errors and skips , return a nested one .
map all base attributes of cube using mapping function mapper .
this actually calculates the kerning + advance
returns whether a given package id is installed .
backwards compatibility wrapper for pandas . util . testing . assert _ series _ equal
calls the brew command with the user account of brew
display a datalist of the latest records for a resource
rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie .
test with the minimum inputs and check that all of the proper defaults are assigned for the other attributes
manually adjust output text before its translated into actual speech by the tts system .
unconditionally skip the currently decorated test with the passed reason .
actually execute the command .
the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
return indices that are non - zero in the flattened version of a .
returns polynomial quotient in k [ x ] .
an infinite " monitoring " loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads .
return location of the users home directory .
execution of fixture setup .
returns a storage object with all the request cookies in it .
compute a hash of data from a given file
get the info structure for an account , based on env and app .
make a cs index file .
flush the cache if the estimated memory usage exceeds max _ rmem .
get changes from the rsync successfull output .
initialize a module and load it into the global house variable .
replace all occurences of string with a different string , return updated document
run hook from repo directory , clean project directory if hook fails .
recursively union a set field on the block structure .
copy an unsigned byte between files , and return it .
returns true if the node is an import statement .
given linear recurrence operator operatorname { l } of order k with polynomial coefficients and inhomogeneous equation operatorname { l } y = f we seek for all hypergeometric solutions over field k of characteristic zero .
return a set of all words in a dataset .
remove multiple handlers from an application .
to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment
emits a problem submitted event only if there is no current event transaction type ,
returns the foreground and background color to use for the given name .
process a status update from docker import , updating the data structure
query channel id from username .
return a plain text document describing a given traceback .
get initial weights for a wider conv2d layer with a bigger nb _ filter , by random - padding or net2wider .
parses several html elements , returning a list of elements .
code due to thomas heller - published in python cookbook
test whether the numpy data type dt can be safely cast to an int .
quotes a url if it isnt already quoted .
returns a string with consecutive linebreaks collapsed to at most the given threshold .
insert an object or list of objects into a collection
monkey patch in cinder guidelines .
convert a mobius transform to an open interval .
return for nth - order chebyshev type i analog lowpass filter .
helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed
parses a query and performs all necessary transformations on the tree .
the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
create an apache configurator with the specified options .
mark fn for line coverage analysis .
returns true if the given value is a number - like object > > > isnumber ( 1 )
code a single header line as quoted - printable .
recursively takes a self - nested list and returns an html unordered list - -
returns true if docfield is visible in print layout and does not have print _ hide set .
returns updated boot settings for the instance .
this function is deprecated .
add a volume overlay to the current axes .
permanently delete a load - balancer .
get class by name .
moment conditions for estimating loc and scale of a distribution with method of moments using either 2 quantiles or 2 moments .
change the gid for a named group
return a string describing a key symbol .
yield pep 302 importers for the given module name
return true if g is aperiodic .
retrieves the critical checks snippet .
deletes orphaned files of deleted documents .
quick start widget , which users see when they first log in
called prior to deploying the site
return a dolph - chebyshev window .
constructs a base class for tests that verify the implementation of createblockdevicedataset .
setup the mysensors climate .
convert a binary array into an array of float where each float is composed of * nbits * and is between * min _ * and * max _ * and return the result of the decorated function .
get the index of the leftmost complex point in the points .
get the output of timedatectl
get posts from del . icio . us via parsing rss @ bvb [ or html ]
removes a databases from the postgres server .
process indentation spaces in a block scalar .
return list of columns that belong to passed table .
return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y .
images resource factory method
convert a list of numbers to a string of space - separated numbers .
method for inferring properties about objects .
install certificates and private key required by the control service .
simple utility method used to give back a list of all possible primitive data sample types .
decorator to easily create properties in classes .
function executed when running the script with the - install switch
gets the path of where a service - 2 . json file should go in ~ / . aws / models
extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
indicate an attribute should load using its default loader style .
wrapper required for scheduler
used to find feature directories for behave tests .
construct the sigma matrix in svd from singular values and size m , n .
remove colors from the output
creates the sentence alignment of two texts .
print text immediately , without any prefix or line ending .
ctypes symlink implementation since python doesnt support symlinks in windows yet .
return power tuple t < = x ^ p 1 ^ user wants the epigraph variable t
wkday is the result of monthrange
creates a snapshot marked as baseline tag
make sure that nuget - anycpu . exe is installed .
create new report based on user choice
given a thing type name , deprecate it when undodeprecate is false and undeprecate it when undodeprecate is true .
convert from hsv color space to rgb gun values .
return the elementwise product of matrices .
displays a users tweets .
simple way to check if ipv4 address
list all the nagios plugins
return a string corresponding to the given surface id .
joins two paths - returning a native file path .
compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion
implement nrt _ decref in the module
generates the stub . exe file for starting the app
replace special characters " & " , " < " and " > " to html - safe sequences .
only work on apt - based platforms with pkg . get _ selections
get the name of the folder containing the file or folder received .
generate an explain command document .
generate unique user data for dummy users .
return root directory that contains all migration rules .
provides a function that downloads the given resource from cloud
return a fixed frequency timedelta index , with day as the default frequency
copies the contents of vector x1 into vector x2 .
fix list of files .
generic object - update function .
find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
remove deactivated handlers from the chain
return the version of the system software
find the root of a function in one variable by expanding and brentq
returns the length of the string it would be when displayed .
get media service discover object its localized name .
performs division and handles divide - by - zero .
ensure a given cache subnet group is deleted .
in the case you dont even have wget . . .
get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
get the correct registry for a given scope .
add the line to the headings .
returns whether the given assignment is a model or not .
get the path to matplotlib data
indicates if the similarity index between strings is * less than * threshold
dry to build diff parts .
return a qicon from an absolute filename or " icons : basename . svg " name
utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
test using global distutils options .
when updating the evennia package for release , remember to increment the version number in evennia / version . txt
generate pem encoded rsa key .
returns the username of a process instance .
tests whether first and last object in a sequence are the same .
returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
parse service definition opts and returns result .
stop waiting for the debugger
unflag the database to indicate that the reindexing is over .
given a raw nxm _ entry header , return corresponding class
helper decorator with arguments to make sure that an object with a status attribute is in one of a list of acceptable status states before a method is called .
serialize a sequence of representation trees into a yaml stream .
takes a multi - line string and does the following : - dedents - removes a single leading newline if the second character is not a newline also - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - removes a single trailing newline if the second - to - laster character is not a newline also
return the country code associated with an ip address .
setup the linux battery sensor .
factory to create a decorator that records instance progress as a series of discrete steps .
creates an one - off record for each record in the inputs .
compute the stft
returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages : x64 or i586 .
retrieve list of ssh public keys .
encode a string with base64 .
tests if the binary classifier is computed correctly
get the tag mode .
read the specified file and return the contents .
adds one flowgram to an open plain flowgram file .
set the indicator color of column
remove the named file .
stops a vm by power off .
add user tags via rabbitmqctl set _ user _ tags
register a vote and queue it for processing .
this will encode a unicode value into a cookie , and sign that cookie with the apps secret key .
return a list of windowsservice instances .
return a multivariate constant .
a decorator that validates an action function against a given schema
set an items metadata from its matched trackinfo object .
return true is job is disabled successfully .
remove everything following comment # characters in line .
a version for the wang - ryzin kernel for nonparametric regression .
only load this module if the corresponding execution module is loaded
parses mke2fs config file for default settings .
loads the dataset that model was trained on , without loading data .
clears the screen
returns the name of the secret file for the specified user .
main cura entry point .
delaunay triangulation of 2d points .
read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary .
returns a list of product instances .
read from hdf5 file with a lock
given a model class , returns a dict of { field _ name : field _ triple } defs .
splits up an uri or iri .
usage example : put in models : : from gluon . contrib . redis _ utils import rconn rconn = rconn ( ) from gluon . contrib . redis _ session import redissession sessiondb = redissession session . connect
validate that the value of confvar is between [ 0 , 65535 ] .
serialization object and add his in memcached
create an console instance attached to the * ctx * and bound to the
updates a linodes properties .
statement : run newline | list newline | new newline
compare two files .
hides photos from a users personal library and inbox view .
loads nutation series from data stored in string form .
returns the item at the given index from inside each tuple in the list .
alter a column only if it exists in the schema .
implements emsa - pss - verify ( ) function described in sect .
raises the exception , performs cleanup if needed .
convenience method to look up the username for a user .
resolve supplied obj to a django model class .
skip a test unless a database has any of the named features .
helper that transparently handles bom encoding .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond2 .
helper to get a dataset version .
make plugin available .
it should download dependencies
find users by username and displayname .
given an fgraph and a list of variables , returns the list or set of all variables which may share the same underlying data storage as any of the specified variables .
generate a client library to file .
generate a list of all the objects reachable in a packidxlist .
run a caffe network on an input image after preprocessing it to prepare it for caffe .
pure implementation of binary search algorithm in python
preprocessing decorator verifying that inputs fall between bounds .
entry point for the application script
takes a list of desired mime - types in the order the server prefers to send them regardless of the browsers preference .
check for mandatory , select options , dates .
check topic iam permissions .
getting the section key for the music library in plex .
saml logout response endpoint
get equation for rectangular .
convert a python number to a number field .
iterate over the lines that make up content .
iterate over all referenced images in ios .
return a list of file paths with the saltenv directory removed
remove tests from autotest _ web that do not have valid control files
perform some response - header manipulation that gets used in several places .
return the platform architecture
show details about the given server .
list all the loopback devices on the system .
removes a virtual machine .
return the status for a service via s6 , return pid if running
decorate a traditional - style method that takes cr , uid , a recordset of model self as parameters .
return an instance of a release by querying its id
outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
save record array r to excel xlwt worksheet ws starting at rownum .
module function to encode a password .
the handler for verified track cohorting requests .
return the id of the user that owns a given file
return lowercased file extension
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a node .
return the vms location
restful crud controller
return a delegatedclass of a series that is datetimelike
construct an interface name based on the prefix and name .
update setup file with current option values
encodes an int as a variable length signed 29 - bit integer as defined by the spec .
convert string into a flags set .
returns distance in meters between two lat long points
test that a new document can be created
return the cloud functions
create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
lightweight version of pl _ true .
replacement for os . path . isdir that works in frozen environments .
retrieves one or more entities from the datastore .
convert fs path into web path
run the evennia launcher main program .
truncates html after a certain number of words .
refresh the info cache for an instance .
given two tp instances , see if any parameters are different .
send email about disk full , no templates
return available packet sizes .
deletes bridge and all of its ports .
given a field , introspects its definition triple .
creates a word cloud
update file dependencies as they might have been updated during compilation .
initialize the event tracking backends according to the configuration in django settings
test the behavior of - - editables flag in the list command
return the information returned when the specified job id was executed
compute connectivity for a source space activation over time .
a test method parameterization class decorator .
returns whether the given user has fulfilled all milestones for the given course .
decorator for marking eval - context dependent filters .
return os max open file of grains value
test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains " dev " string
return the error line and error message output from a stacktrace .
used to cache a single file on the minion
search all nodes and return limited fields .
the args / kwargs params are the same as in api . script .
returns a valid database path
update a repository reference .
check there are some _ _ init _ _ . py all along the way
return a value for a key .
count understemming index , overstemming index and stemming weight .
lookup a location hierarchy
gets the dacl of a path
function used for unpickling proxy objects .
initialize pycaffe in a training process .
remove quotes from a string .
check if an argument was provided that depends on a module that may not be part of the python standard library .
returns true if both values have the same type and are equal .
helper function for scipy argument validation .
get a context dictionary for a serializer appropriate for the given response .
pick installer plugin .
retrieve the most up - to - date copy of the plot - schema wrt the given hash .
get a group from the database by id .
list all available package upgrades on this system
negotiate and return the : term : locale name associated with the current request .
build a : class : errorcode object from a json entry .
return a text string suitable for use as a salt for the hash functions we use to encrypt passwords .
return list of sale orders features as dictionaries .
downloads an original or modified file from a diff .
process a cookie value
register a database .
if verbose is true , returns three functions : one for printing a starting message , one for printing an interim status update , and one for printing a success or failure message when finished .
return true if and only if communities is a partition of the nodes of g .
returns an appropriate : class : locale corresponding to an inpute locale name .
demonstrates use of the contacts extension using the contactssample object .
atomically move file .
handler for any item pulled from worker job queue
convert a single key string to a tuple .
return implementation version .
return the right test class for hstack or vstack .
return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
creates a response for a static file .
connects to the requested uri .
converts a standard cgi - style string response into header and output calls .
save profiling information
find the greatest common divisor and returns them .
field method to display duration of absence in dvr / person list view and rheader
squeezing operation with a controlled ordering .
perform some action that affects the outside world .
default read function .
create an inspector instance attached to the * ctx * and bound to the
delete the proper file .
escape a string such that it can be embedded into a ninja file without further interpretation .
c header for mkl threads interface
return physical path of file if found .
this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back - end database management system
this decorator should only be used with views which may be displayed through the iframe .
return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function .
make a figure and save it to " webagg . png " .
tars dir / files into file , only tars file that match expression
strong lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters .
write a compressed file from path .
serializes parameter if it is datetime .
add voronoi point to loop .
limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results , and if truncation has occurred , add a new message explaining so .
a simplified json _ normalize converts a nested dict into a flat dict , unlike json _ normalize , it does not attempt to extract a subset of the data .
parse a full backtrace .
adds photo urls to the photo dict for each photo size : original , full , medium , and thumbnail .
converts the type of lookups specified in a foreignkey limit _ choices _ to attribute to a dictionary of query parameters
converts a module namespace to a python dictionary .
format the given block of text , trimming leading / trailing empty lines and any leading whitespace that is common to all lines .
adds a - - version option which immediately ends the program printing out the version number .
return the given user _ id _ or _ name if such a user exists .
add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
convert a flags value into a space - separated list of flag text values .
return number of strongly connected components in graph .
number of total data elements that depend on key
gets virtual interface for instance thats associated with network .
delete an image
create and return general type binary osc msg
a generator that returns lines of the file .
return of executing cmd in a shell .
sends html mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
returns the number of intra - community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
displays a dialog , and returns a string , or none if cancelled .
extract url list from mime data extlist : for example
taken from pcredz because i didnt want to spend the time doing this myself
return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
query lottery infomation from baidu lecai .
set the group and user id if gid or uid is defined .
add an xtheme resource into the given context .
get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
helper to produce lines suitable for setup . pys entry _ points
add a class to the _ decl _ class _ registry associated with the given declarative class .
show changed files of the given repository cwd
search the pack index by query .
given a list of sequences , modules or dictionaries of units , or single units , return a flat set of all the units found .
interpret scroll events .
function to convert vowpal wabbit model to gensim ldamodel .
check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation
runs beta diversity for each input file in the input directory performs minimal error checking on input args , then calls single _ file _ beta for each file in the input directory inputs : input _ path metrics tree _ path output _ dir
check if the elastic ip is currently associated with the device
retrieve the output of a boolean based sql query
convert systemd target to runlevel .
delete a workflow instance
cast a string to a strictly positive integer .
respond with json which contains a html formatted grade summary .
runs update layers .
strips control characters from a string .
run html tidy without line wrapping .
return all nodes reachable from source in g .
create json - rpc error response
open a urllib2 request , handling http authentication
returns args dictionary from the calling method
return a list of directories within the bucket that can be used as environments .
encodes a string to bytes , if it isnt already .
search for ropeproject in current and parent dirs .
creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api .
show an item via pcs command item config , property , resource , constraint etc .
return whether a condition matches a row
returns headers dict from request context .
helper function for pretty - printing a frame element .
clear the admin password for a server from the metadata server .
return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed - json data snippet .
return true if * obj * is array - like and has categorical values
write rootobject as a plst resource to the resource fork of path .
put values into consul
return full path to the user - shared data dir for this application .
callable with the same interface as the storage classes .
enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
returns a string in form dimension @ hierarchy or dimension if hierarchy is none
open a copy of a repo in a temporary directory .
builds reduction - a block for inception v4 network .
returns an undirected graph using the duplication - divergence model .
convert image sequence batch into image and diff batch .
concatenate block managers into one .
all functions take in radians , so this function does nothing . . . other than explicitly state that you are using radians .
formats a templates content using passed in arguments
list all the availability zones .
ticket quick set : status
use sequencematcher to return list of the best " good enough " matches .
removes a schema from the postgres server .
creates html markup for social authentication method .
togows fetch entry .
run all checks on a python source file .
upsert _ data ( ) should raise invaliddataerror if given invalid data .
query the pagerduty api
return whether there are more batch updates to do .
helper function to unregister an object .
gives email preferences of user with given user _ id .
check the nested sequence matches the given * shapes * .
get the named sources and place them into the tree _ base
returns a session that implements two - phase - commit .
get text eol characters
move the assertion to within a encrypted _ assertion
commits the most recent savepoint .
computes the log loss .
get all available regions for the cloudwatch service .
register models and create properties
create a regexobject from a wildcard namespace .
return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg _ name .
helper to check valid options
nesting - safe retry decorator with auto - arg - copy and logging .
generate sparse6 format string from an undirected graph .
goes through call stack and finds constructs matching conf . dbmshandler . * .
calculate the md5sum of a file .
convert a value < 1000 to dutch special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
method to encode streams using ascii85
takes a video object and returns html markup for embedding it .
sends request to auth service .
retrieves all flatpage objects available for the current site and visible to the specific user .
inspect the arguments to pkg . removed and discover what packages need to be removed .
uses ip to return a dictionary of interfaces with various information about each
symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype .
look for message catalogs in locale _ dirs and * ensure * that there is at least a nulltranslations catalog set in translators .
renders the login handler
minify js with a clever regex .
compare parts of lxml . etree objects to dicts .
see if a logger has any handlers .
decorator to support version - based cache mechanism .
will reuturn node if node will import name , or node will import * from package .
like iter _ fiels but returns a dict .
performs single / min / nearest linkage on the condensed distance matrix y
check a users recaptcha submission is valid , and raise captchaerror on failure .
convert home assistant brightness units to percentage .
add the value to the lists .
tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment .
set the password for a named user
bootstrap an arch linux container
read api signatures from a file .
dwindle a gcode linear move file .
if a position is provided , move file to that point .
set rules based on the provided dict of rules .
return an iterator over the pairs of a dictionary .
restful crud controller should only be accessed from mobile client
given an arbitrary string , create one that can be used as an xml id .
find the range of coordinates to use for ticks / grids
returns a functionloader
ingests the kitti dataset .
verify a challenging hmac signature against a string / shared - secret for github webhooks .
constructs and sends a : class : request .
alias to mptt . utils . get _ cached _ trees .
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
deserialize a stream or string of yaml data .
create a cache cluster .
expected inclusion _ one _ default _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
calculate the entropy of an image
check the error code returned .
delete a document .
checks for the correctness of various spacing issues in the code .
get unique ft _ library handle
add a volume overlay to the current axes .
returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
written as a function to prevent data mutation effects
replaces the user template contents .
prepare request object to send to vision api .
prepare key for storage data in mongodb .
get a string representation of the difference between two
create a default user
return trimmed or split long comment line .
return an empty gateway option .
build the source coordinates for the output of a 2 - d image warp .
return the leading coefficient of f .
entry point for the rest api
update inventory if needed .
dot product - based euclidean norm implementation
an encoding error handler .
returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid .
this function transforms the input text into an " escaped " version suitable for well - formed xml formatting .
returns true if argument parses as a http , https or ftp url
function accessed by ajax from vote ( ) to save the results of a vote
query compute capability through pycuda and check its 5 . 0 or greater .
test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object
del a asset
abort a merge by reading the tree at head .
create a collectionsummary domain object for a given collection domain object and return it .
remove the hardlink for the volume block device .
enumerates all servers on the network
return the state of the worker
get equated paths .
publish a page .
pad the binary number to eight digits
get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string .
get a nearest - neigbor vertex match for a given hemi src .
set the signal handlers as specified .
setup the radio thermostat .
unsubscribe from the watch of id watch _ id .
insure the dir exist and mode ok
processes each article / page object and formulates copy from and copy to destinations , as well as adding a source file url as an attribute .
find a match for a mailcap entry .
add a request to the labjackud request stack
unwrap a private key from a pkcs # 8 blob .
start the specified service on the rest _ sample
attempt to get a test config dictionary .
individual insert statements via the orm , calling upon last row id
get status of running jboss instance .
save all beacons on the minion
get blobinfo from the datastore given its key .
zip a directory .
convert a dictionary of grafts into string
analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to show .
test glir log parsing
returns the [ system temp dir ] / thetvdb - u501
creates an encoding map from a decoding map .
prints differences between two results of gc _ histogram ( ) .
save the image
validate the format of the email address .
list all visible namespaces
given two dict , merge the second dict into the first .
returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library .
helper that does not attempt any substitution .
to use email _ login : from gluon . contrib . login _ methods . email _ auth import email _ auth auth . settings . login _ methods . append ( email _ auth )
log a failed download
add a driver class to the list of drivers .
wrapper for : py : func : cmdmod . run _ all inside a container context container container id cmd command to execute . .
ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running .
restful crud controller for pois
list logical volumes paths for given volume group .
expression : name
computes a series of _ idiffchange s to turn subobj _ a into subobj _ b assuming that these subobjs are at current _ path inside a nested pyrsistent object .
send group invitation email .
get an xmlrpc handle to the master .
return the google matrix of the graph .
return a relative version of a path
show and execute the editlinksdialog .
prints all the visit time on site goal type info .
use openssl cli to verify a certificate was signed by a given certificate authority .
set list of tags to a server .
create the directory using the permissions of the nearest parent directory .
returns the total seconds from a timedelta object .
copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest
issue a new session ticket and append it to the according master key .
main logic for the module .
test glir capability reporting
opposite of l { register _ class } .
get the name of the backend handling this request .
parse a media .
parse a codeml results file .
function for setting color map interactivity .
returns a list of tuples , where the i - th tuple contains the i - th element from each of the argument sequences or iterables .
the service to be extended must either be defined in the config key file , or within filename .
wait for pid to show up in the process list then return .
returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to .
converts a parole tag to a universal tag .
gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user _ id .
gets the naive datetime of the certificates not _ after field .
returns whether a review ui is set and can be used .
return an iterator of all pairs , from values such that pred = = true
checks whether the parameter param is present in the params map .
warning files pushed to the master will have global read permissions . .
return all plugins in the ckan . system _ plugins entry point group .
convenience function creates and dumps dictionary to string .
create a checksum block bound to the block with the specified name .
this function returns a tuple , of the simplified form , x ^ 2 - dy ^ 2 = n , corresponding to the general quadratic , ax ^ 2 + bxy + cy ^ 2 + dx + ey + f = 0 .
transport module resource headers
deploys all apps that reside in / opt / appscale / apps .
abstract away canvas redirects
retrieves all enrollment information for the user in respect to a specific course .
apply as many times as required the optimization local _ useless _ rebroadcast and local _ rebroadcast _ lift .
checks if a module exists and can be imported
run proxy on the specified port .
uses the locale directory from the django svn tree or an application / project to process all
return a flattened list of all source files of the given bundle , all its dependencies , recursively for all nested bundles .
reads a private key and outputs the corresponding public key .
determines whether the given value is an integer .
returns a string comprised of all data in between double quotes .
checks if the user is a leader for the given locale .
insert minion return data into the sqlite3 database
generate random variables of multivariate t distribution
returns the description for a given field type , if it exists ,
this is a backwards compatibility function .
retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
display fault manager configuration
map sample ids to new values in sample _ id _ map
declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class
return the physical address of the efuse write data register block x word x .
split a pathname into two parts : the directory leading up to the final bit , and the basename .
tunnel patch requests over post .
new ctypes function binding .
retrieve all the metadata tags associated with your elb ( s ) .
wiki markup - > html
makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens .
convert fixture into * behave * examples
convert an ipv4 address string format to a four byte long .
include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
just stop receiving io read events after the first iteration .
user details page .
authorizes a user based on groups
given a pytree , splice the continuation marker into nodes .
verifies that the specified host is known by the specified user
format x as [ - ] ddd . ddd with digs digits after the point and at least one digit before .
compute the polar decomposition .
lists all object types , complete with links to actions on those objects .
this will translate a block of text with parameters .
rebuild a mutable tree from the stack flag each op node with whether it is scalar or not also include a count of reductions under this node : node : [ arg , is _ scalar , red _ count , left _ child , right _ child ]
make plugin available .
remove the hexadecimal id from a python object representation .
split a string into a set of non - empty words , none shorter than minimum _ part _ length characters .
seed forum roles and make ccx coach forum admin for respective ccx ( s ) .
bounding - box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x
overwrite the dictionary .
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
find a streamhandler that is attached to the logger that prints to the console .
return evenly spaced values from start to stop with step size step .
returns the fully qualified hostname
this method calculates how much in - game time a real - world time interval would correspond to .
set attribute _ maps to the neighbor .
guess which db package to use to open a db file .
return the url for the branded logo image to be used
clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address .
checks whether the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
remove an existing jacket , if any .
return current mapreduce mapper params .
given a domain name describe its status .
detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes .
convert time tuple in gmt to seconds since epoch , gmt
returns the json representation of the value .
requires the user to be logged in as a reviewer or admin , or allows someone with rule reviewertools : view for get requests .
list private repositories within the organization .
try to import site specific class from site specific file if it exists
return the first item in the list for what func returns true
return the aaaa record for host .
return the auth object
returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student .
convenience function for returning a set of topic nodes with limited fields for rendering the topic tree
parse a line of the response to a list command .
creates a mock pep - 3333 environ dict for simulating wsgi requests .
converts id into a beaker path to log file
try to import helpers . py from each app in installed _ apps .
list cluster admins or database users .
given a url , return a parsed : class : . url namedtuple .
apply a skip marker to a given item .
generate an ethernet mac address
validate that the value from x - copy - from header is well formatted .
reboot a single vm
iterates over all accounts which have not been verified in the required interval and creates a new job to verify them .
computes the paired cosine distances between x and y
if you decorate a view with this , it will ensure that the current users login is fresh - i . e . their session was not restored from a remember me cookie .
returns the client class registered for the given service , or none if there is no such service , or if no class has been registered .
get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement c values .
for var order selection
perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing
make a very small database call
decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
display the inset dialog .
create a l { client connection creator } for use with apis such as l { ssl4clientendpoint } , l { connectssl } , and l { starttls } .
convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis
runs model training .
initialize strategy module .
return the union of graphs g and h .
cycle a users api key
removes a nic module : ansiblemodule object profitbricks : authenticated profitbricks object .
return the hashable sequence in multiset form with values being the multiplicity of the item in the sequence .
get a suitable filename from a url .
get the maximum span of the loop .
when sync is run , these models will be syncd
clean fixture files used by tests and . pyc files
looks for misplaced braces .
raise if not found , has references or not visible
do not delete all / specified ebs volumes upon instance termination
avoid breaks before binary operators .
updates specified attributes on the current instance .
create a symbolic link to a file
parse cli options and execute tests
a function to connect to a bigip device and modify an existing monitor .
checks if the specified device uses luks for encryption .
recursively walk a dulwich tree , yielding tuples of along the way .
waits for a job to complete .
an argument type ( for use with the type = argument to argparse . argumentparser . add _ argument which determines if the argument is a directory that exists and is readable .
rewrite proxy domain to origin domain , extdomains supported .
return iterator of all values in d except the values in k .
sphinx build " main " command - line entry .
encode a multipart request body into a string
build page key from format pattern and request data .
adds the current time to the querystring of the url to force a cache reload .
launch an interactive widget to create a sequential cubehelix palette .
write the string to the filename
restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get _ warnings _ state ( )
determines if input is a path to a file , or a string with the content to be parsed .
raise if not found , has references or not visible
get all calculation and data parent tensors .
check whether can sockets are supported on this host .
convert a mysql timestamp to a timestamp object .
return the stats from the model ready to write to a file .
factory for simple enumerations .
decreases the indentation level .
get the distance of a point to a segment .
monkey patch in nova guidelines .
return the current project data dir , creating it if it doesnt exist
return the checksum of the current thin tarball
read lines from text files
returns true if we know for certain that we can ignore this field , false otherwise .
this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as environment callable .
check a file value return the filepath
removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
set the cxxflags variable
queries the given executable for various architecture information .
mark a job as to run immediately .
return a filter start and stop row for filtering and a query .
streaming bulk consumes actions from the iterable passed in and yields results per action .
validate the fields in registration form
only load if the esxi execution module is available .
generate a random string
extracts only samples contained in otu table and mapping file .
draw a sample from xs with the same length as xs .
uses the current directory as working directory
return all available boot services
executes a ghostscript command with the given args
checks whether a given file - like object is closed .
adds a middleware that handles sessions for your applications .
parse an expected : lines data str - > [ ]
returns true if downsampling is possible between source and target frequencies
creates a schema that will match any of the given schemas .
return a function with a given _ _ name _ _ .
returns a dict describing specific instance _ type .
returns list of student , student _ name , idx in student batch .
locate an executable in the system .
given two model objects , format their values for field and highlight changes among them .
delete an account .
private - shared between all opensslcertificateoptions , counts up to provide a unique session id for each context .
convert a fact name to the name of the corresponding property
retries only if the session in the context is inactive .
run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string .
change all existing aws config commands to aws configservice commands .
returns the first valid format that can be used to read / write the data in question .
second part of chinese remainder theorem , for multiple application .
generates and returns a 256 bit aes key , based on sha256 hash .
get current locale data outside views .
fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . tag .
bidirectional shortest path helper .
statement : bad & rule
implementation of the * nix which command , to find an executable on the current path .
accepts a filename and attempts to load the emacs variable declarations from that file , simulating what emacs does .
get centroid of the convex hull of a complex polygon .
get new carvable object info .
returns a format string for printing the given type .
wrap up perfmons low - level api .
get the text from a file if it the text is empty .
build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values .
adds etags to documents .
check if application _ urls and path changed on the instance
get font families
try to apply the pattern at the start of the string , returning a match object if the whole string matches , or none if no match was found .
compute a superdiagonal entry of a fractional matrix power .
add the dns server to the network interface
get a static _ url link with a cache buster querystring .
exit from console session
page through text by invoking a program on a temporary file .
fixture for nose tests .
run any custom supervisord command user user to run supervisorctl as conf _ file path to supervisord config file bin _ env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed
helper function to go through the " generate codename " flow .
produce a list of n unique rgba color tuples based on a colormap .
a newline literal
indicate that the given attribute should be eagerly loaded from columns stated manually in the query .
returns the information about each video upload required for the video list
view a list of programs in which the user is engaged .
initialize descriptor data structure and call update _ stats
show an info message
return the sqlalchemy database dialect class corresponding to this urls driver name .
shut down the watchdog process .
gets the modules output format .
cancel common factors in a rational function f / g .
converts a python name into a serializable name
load a collection of images from one or more fits files
helper function to raise a warning when unhandled keyword arguments are passed to function , until the provided version _ info , after which , a runtimeerror will be raised to remind the developers to remove the * * kwargs because the target version has been reached .
digits home page
build and return a pkginfo namedtuple
run statement under profiler , supplying your own globals and locals , optionally saving results in filename .
wait to see select output .
provide data for the corresponding dashboard section
instantiates an keras variable filled with samples drawn from a uniform distribution and returns it .
return the current application
get collection list for an alias
returns the url to redirect to after a user logs in successfully .
install doctestcompare for all future doctests .
test the bash preprocessor .
create a directory and any missing ancestor directories .
retain reference to a media list .
get a search engine name and search term from a string .
in case filepath is a symlink , follow it until a real file is reached .
testable trainer with no dependence on flags .
returns keys / value of indexes for a set of entities .
given an artist string , split the " main " artist from any artist on the right - hand side of a string like " feat " .
this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value .
resize a managed instance group .
apply the binding redirects specified by redirects to the dependent assemblies of manifest .
check if the given exception handler catches
internet gateway filter by vpc id
return pixel coordinates in the map image for a
return true if the given path can be written or created
return a string with markers surrounding the matched substrings .
this is an easier to test " inner loop " building the menu tree structure for one menu
increments the supplied providers generation value , supplying the currently - known generation .
compute polynomial division of f and g .
test drawing colorbar without transform using colorbarvisual
read graph in gml format from path .
moves or copies items to a new base directory , given by dest .
restart a service .
least square statistic with optional weights .
given an pyopenssl certificate , provides all the subject alternative names .
parse the contents of a spec test file , and return a dict .
numpy implementation of the inverse of the logistic sigmoid function .
return a source details .
automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate
uninstall a package
for a given course _ id , generate a csv file containing profile information for all students that are enrolled , and store using a reportstore .
accepts an iterable of plugins and assigns tuples , sorted by position , of children plugins to their respective parents .
yield records from the given sequence of lines .
returns the version of the specified executable , or false if the executable is not present
helper for build _ index ( ) : perform some checks to make sure that the given package is consistent .
return a copy of the dictionary with the added elements .
worker function for the others to use this handles all the gsetting magic
only for macos with launchctl
returns a map of servers to connected interfaces .
convenience method for conditional requests .
add the name of the app to the template context .
consistently format exception information
sends a message on a topic to a specific server .
get complex from multiplier , prefixes and xml element .
execute a scanprosite search .
ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
view that handles the users return from oauth2 provider .
get a value from a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
return a boolean for whether the list of ticklabels have overlaps .
forces ymin / ymax values and generates a new font .
join two context strings .
read count 64 - bit float using the plain encoding .
returns a network _ fn such as logits , end _ points = network _ fn .
submit a request for financial assistance to zendesk .
list rules that will be added to the default security group for new tenants .
loads the current osmc version into the home window for display in myosmc
decorator form of expect _ warnings ( ) .
run pylint on system code , only looking for fixme items .
ensure that the named database is absent name
returns syntax tree of javascript _ code .
sandwich with pinv ( x ) * scale * pinv ( x ) . t where pinv ( x ) = ^ x and scale is , or with diagonal matrix diag
returns a table field definition that can be passed to database . create ( ) .
craft a gcode file .
create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
walk the brick hierarchy , return bricks that satisfy a predicate .
given a course _ key , look up the corresponding course descriptor , check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course , and return the descriptor .
year - > 1 if leap year , else 0 .
return the location of the cache directory .
decorator to revert task _ state on failure .
returns a cachedresults object that has a new - style cached query attached as " new _ query " .
list configured volumes
get craft module .
turns codon table data into objects , and stores them in the dictionaries .
manages node maintenance mode
create a bookmark .
used to unpickle model subclasses with deferred fields .
setup the connection to the knx ip interface .
add an object to an existing list of data .
get pretty _ hostname value stored in / etc / machine - info
split a tag into namespace and local tag strings .
generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
grant cluster administration privileges to a user .
update list of available packages from installed repos
apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object .
load a template tag library module .
online data migration which cleans up failed build requests from mitaka build _ requests were initially a mirror of instances and had similar fields to satisfy listing / showing instances while they were building .
packs a user property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
execute a command against jboss instance through the cli interface .
function that previously returned an example image . .
check if a python package is installed .
print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes
validate all published facts and unpublish those failing .
calls the service methods on the user input
wrap a l { memoryiosystem } method with permission - checking logic .
check if a process is running based on the pid .
return true if the task stub is mutable in this context .
median absolute error
returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits
try something several times before giving up .
write one source space .
decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to add eliot - based logging .
returns the feed items for a given feed .
return a queryset with the message data
compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points .
return freq str or tuple to freq code and stride
very simple check of the cidr format in no _ proxy variable .
insert a pair of points around the grid point is is junction wide , otherwise inset one point .
sum price info of given costs and return the sum as priceinfo .
execute the command and return its output .
helper function to recursively determine if any key in a dictionary contains a dot or a dollar sign .
return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex .
checks if a database exists in influxdb name
a function whose doctest we need to skip .
simple function to return if host is smartos or not
write the values in the efuse write registers to the efuse hardware , then refresh the efuse read registers .
turn a nested list structure into an s - exp - like string .
produce an inner join between left and right clauses .
find alpha that satisfies strong wolfe conditions .
restarts a container name
return the configuration mode , either buckets per environment or a list of buckets that have environment dirs in their root
call confirmed section 9 . 3 . 2
new - return a new hashing object using the named algorithm ; optionally initialized with a string .
converts any urls in text into clickable links .
get all doctype generated routes
defines whether char is valid to use in xml document
add all public keys of a host to the users ssh known hosts file
touch a file without being the owner .
ensure the response content is well - formed json .
returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server
chop off the last bit of a file object repr , which is the address of the raw file pointer .
reset ckans database .
return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document
main method to run this script .
replace a file in a zip file in a safe manner .
example fileobj tests
provides a simple mechanism for starting a transaction based on the factory ; and for either committing or rolling back the transaction depending on the result .
list all retweet
include tasks for all applications in installed _ apps .
return random structure :
start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess
return information about a group
check if directory exists
parse a config file .
delete existing agent build .
oozebane a gcode linear move text .
walk upwards from start , looking for a directory containing all files and directories given as arguments : : > > > searchupwards
return three integer tuple as private key .
gives an " intuitive " edit distance between two strings .
construct an opaque cache key .
download a script from a remote location and execute the script locally .
start up a socket server on the specified port , and listen for new configurations .
read traffic server one or more metrics .
remove a pointer from a node , raising a 400 if the pointer is not in node . nodes .
return true if the task overrides attr .
if request represents an ajax or embeddable " format " , tries to preserve that for redirects .
get the iscsi sessions activated
makes sure input is an array and is 2d .
traverse a directory and look for python files .
delete a list of documents from the provided index .
get a resolver instance .
returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace .
function that compares two spatial pooler instances .
ensure that a volume is absent .
returns the tag for this specific implementation .
setup the departure sensor .
test maxwell filter reconstruction of bad channels .
return the normalized laplacian matrix of g .
insert knots into a b - spline .
apply patch to geonode db
a version of pythons urllib . quote ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
pass me an ao , ill return a nicely - formatted source representation .
render information about course grading context
retrieves all consistency groups .
a view that uses { % csrf _ token % }
verify that an attribute is present and has a non - default value
multiply the expression tree by a vector .
check the status for sites
same as a - = b .
setup the x10 light platform .
specific inference for enums .
moods median test .
get the grains from the proxied device .
check that path does not overlap with workpath or specpath ( i . e .
computes the squared error .
execute a wheel module and function .
returns the user model instance associated with the given request session .
update download supernav
iterate over public events .
set the xml element to the matrix attribute dictionary .
navigate through dvd menu .
check if the object is subclass of enum .
converts a dictionary into a pysaml2 object
lots of stuff - > none
test fortran - style exponential notation in the fast _ reader with invalid exponent - like patterns to make sure they are returned as strings instead , as with the standard c parser .
remove the existing admin , and register it anew with the given modeladmin
create a line chart using : class : linebuilder to render the glyphs .
for each row of x projects the row onto w , and subtracts the result from the row
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the newton conjugate gradient trust - region algorithm .
gatteschi initial guesses
when expr is known to be of the form c * x * * b , with c and / or b possibly 1 , return c , b .
internal helper to copy state from another future .
return a mode value , normalized to a string
ancillary function to compare two imagecollection objects , checking that their constituent arrays are equal .
creates the god user and dont take no for an answer .
parses a help doc for inputs
handle put requests as document write api
format a schema to restructuredtext .
sensor coordinate extraction in meg space .
build a sequence of build steps which when run will generate a package in destination _ path , containing the package installed from package _ uri and all its dependencies .
takes in a zip file , spits out a linuxprofile class
give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string " all " if the user has all rights .
simple manager function for the styled menus .
extract the response text from a raw json response .
set the default figure size to be [ sizex , sizey ] .
sink log entries to bigquery .
multi - class cross entropy .
concatenate a sequence of bytes - like objects .
return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit .
an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings .
load configuration in global var conf
helper method for present .
append a single line to the / etc / hosts file .
run the given function inside * numthreads * threads , splitting its arguments into equal - sized chunks .
send a message every second
publish a command from the minion out to other minions , publications need to be enabled on the salt master and the minion needs to have permission to publish the command .
open a command in a shell subprocess and execute a callback .
get a datetime object or a int ( ) epoch timestamp and return a pretty string like an hour ago , yesterday , 3 months ago , just now , etc
decorator that allows you to define custom queryset managers on
deletes a key pair
format datetime object as unix timestamp .
remove an installed image uuid : string
clears the given directory
only split if variable is a string
function that sends an email
return one or more grains
rest controller for cap alerts and components
this is a handler to force virtual host style s3 addressing no matter the signature version .
get the read profile repository .
return information for the specified user
inherit docstrings from authenticator , so we dont duplicate them
returns the region name for the given region code .
enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive .
get object for the give reference .
parse a dt _ or _ tzinfo value into a datetime and a tzinfo .
chain formatter functions .
perform wavelet denoising on an image .
forcefully return a rabbitmq node to its virgin state
returns the string contained in the setting admin _ media _ prefix .
get a connection to couchdb
limit memory grow when calling func : restrict memory grow to limit bytes .
populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an 802 . 1qbg device
given a key for obj , and a field name , project the field as a list of keys .
creates a new poudriere jail if one does not exist
return nfs _ shares information from osquery
hop a gcode linear move text .
internet gateway fail to detach w / invalid vpc
emulates mkdir - p behavior .
forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
print a long title : message with our standardized formatting .
get a list of contents of the workbook .
expected inclusion _ no _ params _ with _ context _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
return rms in bins of chunk samples
calculates the l2 inner product over the domain lim .
returns loss function by the name .
create a generator that joins target to each search path
return useful information from a smartos compute node
check the current pages content based on a substring .
removes any existing fragment from url .
this function returns the nodes labeled as inserted
wrap a function and an initial value so that ( i ) complex values are wrapped to reals , and value for a merit function fmerit is computed at the same time , iteration count is maintained and an exception is raised if it is exceeded .
get fully qualified domain name from name .
convert an epoch or sequence of epochs to the new date format , that is days since 0001 .
get a value from the wsgi environment
gets the latest release of the artifact artifactory _ url
get gear path output .
returns the next available display
generate a secure data key .
run a child process , capturing its stdout and stderr .
ensures that sample ids and barcodes are unique , that barcodes are all the same length , and that primers are present .
converts a time in usec since the epoch to seconds since the epoch .
compute full text of message / service , including text of embedded types .
migrate one streaming type design
generate downloads for java and smali .
return true if and only if the rdns are equal .
add access to volume type for project _ id .
download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download _ base url .
pick out unique objects from an iterable of object dicts .
constructs a document from a document _ pb . document protocol buffer .
adds a loader if none exists for a package , or replaces an existing one .
automatically detect if we are requested completing and if so generate completion automatically from given parser .
compute greatest factorial factorization of f .
disable css3 animations , transitions , transforms .
handle interruptable system calls
maps keys for attachment summary view .
returns true when the python implementation supports suspend - to - background .
get the carving for the parser .
converts a string to an integer according to the locale settings .
return true if the octet should be escaped with body quopri .
goes and imports the permissions submodule of every app in installed _ apps to make sure the permission set classes are registered correctly .
most everything has the ability to support at ( 1 )
load an email backend and return an instance of it .
say some words .
display a built form and handle submission .
reads all clips from kippt .
alternative implementation of theano . tensor . concatenate .
look up the etymology of a word
remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime .
replaces lines in / etc / locale . gen
return a set of the arguments passed to the named state
list regexp list
sets the hspfragment frames .
fill _ none : if name / version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none
loads ssl context from cert / private key files and optional protocol .
load if the module tomcat exists
determine the type of message and reply if its method is defined however , i use a strange way to determine whether a msg is from massive platform
deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists .
convert non - sequence to 1 element sequence , tuples to lists
create a track object from an md5 hash .
solve iteratively the linear system fhess _ p .
creates a diagram of all the models for mezzanine and the given package name , generates a smaller version and add it to the docs directory for use in model - graph . rst
generate warnings / errors for common mistakes in cix trees .
get comparison in order to sort skein panes in ascending order of layer zone index then sequence index .
set stdout encoder error handler to backslashreplace to avoid unicodeencodeerror when printing a traceback
return a function that acts like raw _ input but feeds the input list .
helper function to run osquery queries
set taxes based on billing territory
tar and gzip the given * dir * to a tarball at * out _ path * .
get data from the mine based on the target , function and tgt _ type
list - available - list name of available spiders
runs the unit tests with coverage .
return the list of json files inside the directory : path .
set cookie wrapper that allows number of seconds to be given as the expiry time , and ensures values are correctly encoded .
override the sickbeard save _ config which gets called during a db upgrade .
checks reorientations of in _ dwi w . r . t .
context manager that takes a named logger and the logging level and provides a simple mock - like list of messages received
construct message types and add to given mapping .
make a list of datasets public
a more efficient form of check _ run _ and _ monitor that doesnt monitor output .
parses a simpleflake and returns a named tuple with the parts .
try to set pootle locale based on the language specified in settings .
given a config string from the command line , return a config parser .
function for deleting cloud databases
convert a string representation of a bool into a bool value
deletes privacy list listname .
z < - beta * y + alpha * dot where a is a matrix , y and x are vectors
from a set of traces , bin by number of standard deviations
construct an array from an index array and a set of arrays to choose from .
returns memcache connection .
return the global timeout setting to connect .
convert text characters to vbo
generates a random integer partition summing to n as a list of reverse - sorted integers .
returns the indefinite or definite article for the given word .
re - wrap the string s so that each line is no more than max _ length characters long , padding all lines but the first on the left with the string left _ pad .
generate graphml lines for g
print the bokeh license to the console .
generate the url to glance .
require a member user .
apply a filter to a text file .
initialize global dictionary with twill commands .
json encode a datetime object .
temporarily disable a logger .
wraps a http or websocket consumer to provide both a " session " attribute and a " user " attibute , like authmiddleware does .
exclude elements of dupes with a duplicated set of attribute values .
returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
get geometry output from paths .
return the path to top - level directory that contains python modules .
combines 7 lower and 7 higher bits into a value
get the repository constructor .
gets a valid short number for the specified region .
get the mattermost options from salt .
provides imgadm only on smartos
return homebrew _ packages information from osquery
apply function within pool context .
get list of files and call processing function .
determines if a given certificate is a san certificate .
parse a string according to the nate 8 - bit date format
adapted from listingcontroller . messagecontrollers keep _ fn .
when new messages arrive telebot will call this function .
create a mechanize browser for web scraping .
returns a list of characters read from a charset text file .
returns a list of tlds as objects
get a form object to post a new comment .
given a reg - exp pattern , normalizes it to a list of forms that suffice for reverse matching .
return a dict containing the file lists for files , dirs , emtydirs and symlinks
register language support with the manager .
test clean up after cloning from mercurial .
create an output stream into a string .
helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user , taking into account the values of disable _ course _ creation and enable _ creator _ group .
split a range into integers .
a high - level method wrapping subprocess . popen .
computes the hinge loss for a one - of - many classification task .
parse tags from text .
return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion
return the differentiated prefix of the given two iterables .
yield locale strings in the same format as they are in locales .
returns a customized file for the modeljob based on completed form fields
saves an image and to a file on the minion .
enables parts of the gae sandbox that are relevant .
return a random bipartite graph from two given degree sequences .
update collections subscribers totals .
convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
set nomination date if the addon is new in queue or updating .
returns the value for the url . open ( ) proxy parameter .
plot the power spectral density across epochs .
derive one key from a password .
package basic python modules into . zip file .
checks if pyflakes is availalbe .
undo monkey - patching by : func : inject _ into _ urllib3 .
returns list of cleaned hosts by clean _ host
copied from swift . common . db . accountbroker before the metadata column was added ; used for testing with testaccountbrokerbeforemetadata .
return the weight property as a numeric value .
base ! = 0 and expo > = 0 are integers ; returns the sign of base * * expo without evaluating the power itself !
load config from package _ dirpath .
load cached arguments , fork into background , then call
get current audio delay .
a higher order function implemented on top of the block _ structure . get _ collected function that returns the block structure in the cache for the given course _ key .
gets an appropriate connection driver , and connects with it .
strips out data in between double quotes .
get ecg channel index , if no channel found returns none .
build a simple swiping network , of given size and dimension , using linear inputs and output
tags all archived entries within a source with supplied tags
create face objects from a protobuf response .
return a list of all job ids
register new user account .
find the number of arguments a function or method takes .
nipype to boutiques exporter .
return specified args from ~ / . plotly / . config .
create a directory containing an empty python package which can be installed and with a name and version which can later be tested .
truncates html after a certain number of chars .
returns millesconds from the unix epoch in utc .
a demonstration of the probabilistic parsers .
flip image horizontally .
converts each scanline of data from 8 bit to 32 bit aligned
ensure that tcp keepalives are set as specified in " opts " .
the main entry point for packages .
add a store _ fs for a store that doesnt exist yet
return the ckan site user
iterate axial slices .
execute the file at the specified path with the passed - in globals .
obtain a list of supported ufuncs in the db
creates a directory atomically .
block view of the input n - dimensional array .
accuracy tests for the fk4 to / from fk4 conversion , with arbitrary equinoxes and epoch of observation .
get instance type by name .
return the nth standardized moment of a random expression i . e .
build a zone object from a master file format string .
register the oslo _ config options that are needed for a plugin .
builds exportedmetadata object for a given client id .
checks whether user can reset translation repository .
iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings , removing accent marks and optionally lowercasing the unidoce string by assigning true to one of the parameters , lowercase , to _ lower , or lower .
stretch a gcode linear move text .
if rcparams [ backend _ fallback ] is true , check to see if the current backend is compatible with the current running event loop , and if not switches to a compatible one .
identify all listening processes within the given namespace .
packs a boolean property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
create and write docstring - dictionary to file .
passes notification to multiple notifiers in a list .
handle the socks5 handshake .
check clients label every folder in generic _ role _ names as input role role : the role that the generic _ role _ names should be assigned folder _ base : generic list of folders , excluding one that is assigned role generic _ role _ names : list of strings that represent common role liases for
registers a model class as an mpttmodel , adding mptt fields and adding mpttmodel to _ _ bases _ _ .
get the stroke radius .
inserts a new record for the given model .
returns generated id token for edxnotes .
get text as complex loops .
converts an integer to a base36 string
a simple helper function to combine other hashes .
just removes the dlls directory we created .
turn an iterable argument v into a tuple and unpolarify , since both hypergeometric and meijer g - functions are unbranched in their parameters .
parse asctime - style dates .
generate the uri to lock the cluster cluster _ id
given a l { memoryreactor } and the result of calling l { wrapclienttls } , extract the l { iopensslclientconnectioncreator } associated with it .
returns the first environment variable set .
return true if we should include vendored libraries
latex document generator visit handler
this is a decorate that annotates a test as being " known to be slow . " the decorator will set expected _ run _ time and slowness _ reason as atributes of the function .
parse one line of the xfs info output .
find whether file exists
cgi for all oauth handlers .
creates a new : class : command and uses the decorated function as callback .
get frequency number and units from frequency , which must be of the format " $ { coord : $ unit } " .
continually ask a question until the output _ re is matched .
checks if a file should be skipped based on its name .
convert text into an rcode .
try import all public attributes from module into global namespace .
get iscsi initiator name for this machine .
returns an array with lags included given an array .
initalize the images from the default directory path
load an image from file .
returns a boolean indicating if the object provided implements the iterator protocol .
returns the overholt dashboard application instance
converts a datetime instance to an http date string .
fix bad name encoding for unix systems
load only if chocolatey is loaded
change control resolved by me page
unserialize raw post data in yaml format to a python data structure .
this makes a converter from markdown to xhtml format .
save current exception , run some code and then re - raise .
returns whether the session cookie has been designated for deletion in the given request object .
creates an open file dialog and returns a filename .
decorator for notify which is used from utils . monkey _ patch ( ) .
build javascript translation files .
subroutine to create a canvas .
upgrade a input shortcut to an in instance .
evaluate a b - spline or its derivatives .
gets the template string and formats it with parsed data .
finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial
generate the response for a hybi - 00 challenge .
clean up my monkey patching
retrieve raw stats within an interval window .
display a certificate error question .
check we have complex conjugates pairs and reorder p according to yt , ie real _ poles , complex _ i , conjugate complex _ i , . . . .
url quotes unicode data out of urls
get the arounds from the loops .
builder for rebulk object .
generate vertices & indices for a filled and outlined plane .
create a template element as a child of another .
open an argument that can be a repository or a path for a repository .
manually set the alternative for .
create an ssh tunnel using command - line ssh that connects port lport on this machine to localhost : rport on server .
setup cover controlled by shell commands .
check if the given attribute * name * is a property in the given * klass * .
skip function for unknown wire types .
sends emails to recipients enrolled in a course .
generates a har file for with page performance info .
send multipart email recipient
recursively copy a directory tree using nipype . utils . filemanip . copyfile ( )
create an index
given a function name describe its properties .
get " our " ip addresses .
get and print a feed of all public products available in the
remove all facls from the specified file ( s )
encodes a socks5 udp packet
create a namespace , raise if namespace already exists .
this technique eliminates one generator at a time .
print interfaces of a baremetal node .
retrieve the line ending of the original source .
run an compiled dsc configuration .
restful crud controller for the facebook outbox - all outbound facebook messages are visible here
evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files
removes common codec , sound keywords , and special characters info from titles to facilitate loose title comparison .
create sailthru user create / update vars from user + profile .
installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet .
get the host
combine whitespace in a list with the element following it .
instructs chocolatey to install a package via the microsoft web pi service .
pretty print the html represented as a string in raw
pilfered from django . forms . utils :
compute area under the curve from prediction scores
concatenate a list of epochs into one epochs object .
add new paths at the beginning of environment variable path .
make arr exactly two dimensional
returns true if integer is a palindrome
tells virtualbox to create a vm by cloning from an existing one
helper to prepare an env object for subprocess calls .
checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string .
write all registered xmodule css , sass , and scss files to output root .
construct a polynomial ring and inject x _ 1 , . . . , x _ n into the global namespace .
builder for rebulk object .
remove specific user from a list
get urls by actual url string .
if the environment variable w3af _ pytracemalloc is set to 1 , then we start the thread that will dump the memory usage data which can be retrieved using tracemalloc module .
completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values .
prints binary array
list available postgresql extensions
initializes and saves a privkey .
request helper to stack a resource event .
retrieve project and component objects from keyword arguments .
given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii .
returns the url of a backend [ instance ] in the dev _ appserver .
get new carvable object info .
test fit _ params for ica .
ensure key pair is present .
writes a list of to filehandle .
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the short - time fourier transform x : input sound , w : analysis window , n : fft size , h : hop size returns y : output sound
encoder doing double url encode .
extracts the zip file .
always return false
return a specific projects
we parse the css style code and find the payload context name .
show details about a monitor .
solves an nth order linear differential equation with constant coefficients using the method of variation of parameters .
deletes a response in cache .
delete a user from database
common handler executed before all flask requests
private method updates the default import options from _ _ opts _ _ [ solr . dih . import _ options ] with the dictionary passed in .
returns a neighbor in _ filter for given ip address if exists .
extract all members from the archive to the current working directory and set owner , modification time and permissions on directories afterwards .
perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
this is similar to twisteds deprecatedmoduleattribute , but for
ensure that the named service is present .
returns thrift object from a string , using standard binary representation .
very simple patterns .
solve tf l21 + l1 inverse solver with bcd and active set approach .
run a single test .
gets the groups roles in a given project .
get console log output of a server .
annotate a portion of a primaryjoin expression with a remote annotation .
gets a list of models for the given app labels , with some exceptions .
url - encode strings that are not already url - encoded .
returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table
detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1
process an image and save the results in a file .
returns an external url for the given url .
a simple view that is login protected .
evaluate json text safely .
i have sent an email with the following in the body :
return where ns is always non - negative and t = s + ns / 10e8
issue a new certificate of completion to the given student for the given program .
generator to return the channel and language for every content database that exists in the system .
least square estimation of evoked response from epochs data .
create an sgml / xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
returns plotting positions for the data .
test basic text support - sdf
returns yaml representation of dataset .
logical xor between two images .
lookup a command .
fetches all the threads for the given exploration id .
mdadm provides raid functions for linux
set the aesthetic style of the plots .
subtract the subtracttable from the subtractfromtable .
rate of change percentage : / prevprice
returns an objects app label .
list contents of a queue
create published public version of selected drafts .
instance variable : keybuttonpointerevent time
dummy variable from product of two dummy variables
remove the named group
execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version
defined in admin module , so redirect there
follow / unfollow thread for the user
apply softmax activation to each column of mat .
runs multiple asynchronous operations in parallel .
swirl an image randomly or non - randomly , see scikit - image swirl api _ and example _ .
returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste . deploy .
drop a keyspace if it exists in a cassandra cluster .
yield successive n - sized chunks from l .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
constructs a url string for requesting a multiscope authsub token .
notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
compute the biweight midvariance .
get information about a version setting .
return ceil without performing any floating - point or division operations .
returns the roles with the permission requested
return all releases for a given episode
test using global distutils options , but in an editable installation
setup the zigbee platform .
searches for pairs of points that have an angular separation at least as close as a specified angle .
runs the craigslist scraper , and posts data to slack .
decode a base32 encoded string .
return true if * uri * can be parsed into an s3 uri , false otherwise .
window proc for the tray icons
shows installed version of dnsmasq .
to get function output , write - output should be used .
returns the first environment variable set if none are non - empty , defaults to " " or keyword arg default
get connected paths from paths .
call signature : : subplots _ adjust
calculates the t - test for the means of two independent samples of scores .
traverse the given expression structure , returning an iterator .
return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true .
imports userdata from a file .
check that y _ true and y _ pred belong to the same regression task
validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
converts a standard cgi - style string response into header and output calls .
get a gettext . gnutranslations object pointing at the included translation files .
get app using git clone and install it in bench environment
check if type of value is allowed as a variable in pathname substitution .
sets the namespace for a protocol buffer or clears the field .
convert two 8 bit bytes to one integer
do everything but parse the options ; useful for testing .
get value from dask
create a new instancefault .
compile dependant attributes in dependants .
normalize a sql expression for comparison in tests .
check that w _ dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w .
take a path to a zipfile and checks if it is a valid zip file and returns . . .
due to bug with nvvm invalid internalizing of shared memory in the
same as a & = b .
returns a domain object representing a collection .
if the given credentials are valid , return a user object .
return a list of the loadbalancers that are on the provider
url escapes a single bytestring or unicode string with the given charset if applicable to url safe quoting under all rules that need to be considered under all supported python versions .
try to find out the versions of gcc and ld .
send signal to process and check process name
a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
notify a list _ member _ added event
if the given setting is a string import notation , then perform the necessary import or imports .
calculate a linear least - squares regression for two sets of measurements .
a version of warnings . warn with a default stacklevel of 2 .
open a file in a safe way and return an instance of : exc : httpresponse that can be sent back to the client .
returns the content url given a partial path .
dis - aggregate the running total for each statistic
only one qapp can exist at a time , so check before creating one .
verifies the purchase as complete by the merchant .
decorator to raise warning each time the function is called .
parse hybi - 00 frames , returning unwrapped frames and any unmatched data .
adds base to the start and end of y , and extends x to match the length .
return usb _ devices information from osquery
try to identify a sound file type .
set the windowview
set a custom x - inbox - id header so as to identify messages generated by
raise testfailed if a = = b is false .
returns all the key / secret settings for twitter access , only if theyre all defined .
returns all targets for the specified build _ file .
selects a html select element by matching value attribute
import a variable based on a fuzzy path .
set _ _ package _ _ on the returned module .
determine whether each input coordinate is inside the unit circle .
returns the map of known problems with the installed _ apps
return a list of degrees of f in all variables .
try to schedule a kb rebuild , if were allowed to .
a function to descend len levels in an object and retrieve the attribute there .
helper for _ addmessagemethods ( ) .
detects labels in the file located in google cloud storage .
return a string representing the user agent .
tweets for a search query .
find the column names mapping when merging the list of tables arrays .
this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
reads input from standard input .
cleans a description .
checks whether poll is available and falls back on select if it isnt .
reshape a data table into a wide format .
the current year .
istft inverse short - term fourier transform using a sine window .
check html files for leaked rest markup ; this only works if the html files have been built .
parse a comment
load text database .
outputs all glyphs going outside the specified vertical range .
stores the given piece of content in the cache , using its location as the key .
feed a gcode linear move text .
wrapper of crt for collinss resultant algorithm .
create a progress widget and checks its initial state .
probability that a condition is true , optionally given a second condition
pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects
creates a expression parser .
return a base91 - encoded 64bit random number .
trace calls to the decorated function .
ensure that the keystone role is absent .
context manager to check that object is deallocated
create an administrator context .
flatten the given action profile .
send decision email after status changed .
cacheit + code to check cache consistency
create the named service .
find the total dir and filesize of a path
return the number of open file descriptors for current process . .
forgot username form page .
install jedi completer to : mod : readline .
return link - local solicited - node multicast address for given address .
calcuate the simple average over one hour , full _ duration seconds ago .
while the server generates a sequence called " views " computing dependencies between a bunch of stuff for views coming directly from the database , its also possible for e . g . buttons to return custom view dictionaries generated on the fly .
replace special characters that are potentially malicious in url string .
perform a query against an s3 - like api .
direct the loops .
heuristic polynomial gcd in q [ x ] .
return the contents of the system wide incrontab
grab the name of the binary were running in .
get a list of aliases for a resource .
traverse resource tree to find who will handle the request .
unpause when time left is negative , compensate for missed schedule
when given keys that exist with primitive values that evaluate to false , require ( ) throws no exception
generic moving function application .
returns the current task id , if any .
return a log handler object according to settings
utility method to get a valid translator object from a language name
check if convex polygon a and b collide , return the vector of penetration if this is the case , else return false .
gets the two polar motion components in radians for use with apio13
return source and its hyponyms .
creates entities for index values that would appear in prodcution .
derive options from category , if options not already defined .
returns the composition of functions .
deferredgenerator and waitfordeferred help you write l { deferred } - using code that looks like a regular sequential function .
returns a securely generated random string .
build the html diff quality reports , and print the reports to the console .
stores templates and contexts that are rendered .
creates an exe in its own namespace .
construct a dictionary of object lists , keyed by item _ key .
read a value using the unsigned , variable int encoding .
creates a new paste using bpaste . net service .
return useful information about ipython and the system , as a dict .
monkey - patched for doc - building
converts a code to colorized html .
registers the commands that run the embedded web server .
marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete .
returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student .
restart the system
general file downloader
a factory for creating arguments
displays the new review request ui .
get packets from the task pcap related to a certain connection .
generate the url to glance .
returns the currently selected language .
return the argument with an initial component of ~ or ~ user replaced by that users home directory .
check tasks and reschedule uncompleted ones .
convert complex logarithms to real arctangents .
create a new addskip method to patch into a result instance that delegates to adderror .
set the mask to use for . topic in the current channel .
erase _ specular : removes specular reflections within given threshold using a binary mask
find the closest containing tag .
step response of discrete - time system .
figure out what to do if a lineage has the same names as a previously obtained one
utility function used to force browsers to reset cached http basic auth credentials
stochastic analysis of a sound x : input array sound , h : hop size , n : fftsize stocf : decimation factor of mag spectrum for stochastic analysis , bigger than 0 , maximum of 1 returns stocenv : stochastic envelope
checks whether all images are described in parsefiles _ config . yml and raises an error otherwise , directing toward documentation to resolving the error .
reboot a container .
a decorator to run a test with a comprehensive theming enabled .
release media descriptors elementary streams description array .
clip a polygon to the given bounding box .
removes all values of arg from the given string .
adds a suffix to the filepath , inserted before the file extension .
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
utility function to convert a string in json to a python structure
entry point for workflow driving .
determines the location of the sun at a given time , in geocentric coordinates .
decodes a list of ds values in collectd network format
converts a matplotlib dash specification bokeh . core . properties . dashpattern supports the matplotlib named dash styles , but not the little shorthand characters .
return the last modification time of a file , reported by os . stat ( ) .
find auto increment fields
instructs monit to start the given program , assuming that a configuration file has already been written for it .
send message if message non - empty and email - parms are set
send the receipt to the signing service .
displays a bug info popup .
hopefully pretty robust repr equivalent .
converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation disabled .
module homepage for non - admin users when no cms content found
expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr | expr times expr | expr divide expr | expr power expr
transform a query dict to use _ analyzer actions for the right fields .
wait to see drop output .
render a template using the lms mako _ templates
gets svn root dir info .
dispatch function to allow overriding of image _ upload _ to method .
restart openstack service immediately , or only if its running longer than specified value
try fn with the db field _ class by walking its
run the full speedtest . net test
returns a dict of poudriere main configuration definitions
prints out a buckets access control list .
convert [ x1 y1 x2 y2 ] box format to [ x y w h ] format .
only runs on linux systems
running background with before _ scenario hook
convert cfnumber to python int or float .
attempts to send a password reset e - mail .
return a list containing the images from the mnist data set .
get fixed ip by id or raise if it does not exist .
check if dev a real device .
returns a description for the earned badge .
return the dictionary for the given key in the global data .
marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
write the clip to a videofile .
if any minions status is older than the timeout value then apply the given action to the timed out key .
returns users with profile details for given discussion thread / comment .
returns true if the given sentence has a positive sentiment .
return a decrypted dict .
morph between two sounds using the harmonic plus stochastic model hfreq1 , hmag1 , stocenv1 : hps representation of sound 1 hfreq2 , hmag2 , stocenv2 : hps representation of sound 2 hfreqintp : interpolation factor between the harmonic frequencies of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 hmagintp : interpolation factor between the harmonic magnitudes of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 stocintp : interpolation factor between the stochastic representation of the two sounds , 0 is sound 1 and 1 is sound 2 returns yhfreq , yhmag , ystocenv : hps output representation
system information type 6 section 9 . 1 . 40
merges namespaces options together .
deserialize fp ( a . read ( ) - supporting file - like object containing a json document ) to a python object .
return all inline documentation for wheel modules
collect all symbols from a list of modules .
new message stream
returns a list of all installed modules that contain models .
replace tan and cot with sin / cos and cos / sin
a view that responds with value of the x - arg - check header
wrapper to attach module level functions to base class .
return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax .
drops common suffixes like _ test . cc or - inl . h from filename .
return the value of the least significant bit of a float x , such that the first float bigger than x is x + ulp ( x ) .
checks if the draft version is the same as the latest version of the exploration .
cleanup and re - add a container if it failed to start because of a port collision .
set the shared access token to authenticate with cloud storage .
convert a pdh error code .
a repr ( ) implementation that returns text safe to use in rest context .
validate the shape of a possibly time - varying vector , or raise an exception
return a checksum digest for a file infile
group member roles : restful crud controller
send s command
if value is unavailable , use given default .
get the geometry reading function .
returns the id of the current request assigned by app engine .
updates a model
convert an s3 url to a tuple of bucket and key .
computes symbolic roots of a univariate polynomial .
deletes a given file .
input the features and labels , return the features and labels after oversampling .
get a list of spatialfiles for the provided file
saml _ artifact : = b64
check a hashed password .
convert a version string to a version object as used internally for the " stdlibs " area of the database .
send file to a hipchat room via api version 2
check and set the dbms authentication credentials to run statements as another user , not the session user
uploads a file to gcs .
unescape a string escaped by re . escape .
entry point for sphinx extension .
acquire a readable object for a given package name and identifier .
redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page
return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion _ id
recursively finds all files matching the pattern .
expects a list of lowstate dictionaries that are executed and returned in order
contributed by steven huffman
given a list of command - line argument bytestrings , attempts to decode them to unicode strings .
split path by slashes and create a hierarchy of filer folder objects accordingly .
maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value .
resets the device to default factory settings
runs markdown over a given value , optionally using various extensions python - markdown supports .
decode a jpeg string into one 3 - d float image tensor .
set the default value for create _ rpc ( ) s deadline parameter .
a shortcut for testing template output .
returns the national dialling prefix for a specific region .
return implementation version .
set up the coinmarketcap sensor .
nonmonotone line search from [ 1 ]
generate a nonce with the current timestamp
create and return an error document .
try to guess what the user might have done by heuristically looking at cursor movement , number of changed lines and if they got longer or shorter .
decorator for generated content methods .
helper to generate an index specifying document .
calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards
return the unique permutations of multiset m .
add the running contexts to the config system .
convert a cim _ datetime string to microseconds since epoch .
return an iterator over the pairs of a dictionary .
create num users , enrolling them in course _ key if its not none
byte - compile a collection of python source files to either . pyc or . pyo files in a _ _ pycache _ _ subdirectory .
convert integer to a - p string representation .
tries to override the native ip sys module .
save old state to instance and setup path
sign a query against aws services using signature version 4 signing
construct a json structure describing changes from a changed object .
determine the image type of image _ path and return its size .
same as a is b .
parse the raw xml and return a dict with key pairs set .
add a new batchjob to upload operations to .
render a tooltip for a form field
generate some data for testing
linearly interpolates values in new _ x based on the values in x and y
every time you reload , it increases the session . counter
asynchronously store one or more model instances .
return a list of n random floats in [ 0 , 1 ) .
set nuage facts if not already present in facts dict dict : the facts dict updated with the nuage facts if missing
restful crud controller
get net string
collect static assets , including django pipeline processing .
plot 100 mnist images in a 10 by 10 table .
returns the three motion parameters - as vectorial functions of time in the given frame .
adds the arg to the value .
initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
return the raw values of the config file
remove the replay file created by tests .
statement : expression
test for reproducible pdf output : figure with different images
convert a set of rotations to quaternions .
returns the closing tag of the xml root node .
pull out the thumbnail image number specified in the docstring .
sets up the dlls directory .
update sorcery scripts .
check that the provided user has specified permission on the provided resource .
track states and offer events for locks .
project users view and form view
assert that c { descendant } * is * a subdomain of c { ancestor } .
performs the actual grunt work of creating items / xblocks - - knows nothing about requests , views , etc .
validate an expires datetime object
reads a stata dictionary file .
performs a ping to a host
return the path to a package resource installed inside a virtualenv . .
run the script with the given params .
this decorator will apply the function f to the audio of the clip created with f
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
entry point for sphinx extension .
get host information about slave . .
fetch the list of file names from s3 .
performs a key rotation by re - writing an encrypted blob with a new encryption key .
display the appropriate registration page .
download and extract the latest pdf . js version .
start a " service " on the rest server
get amount based on doctype
generate a dependencies graph and add some information about it in the reports section
utility function to get all available update packages .
generate a hash digest string for a file .
get a data : qurl for the given data .
add exception info to the log context for the request .
check that the running ssh - agent has the private key corresponding to the provided key .
the nsga - ii selection strategy .
return all kinds in the specified range , for the current namespace .
compute univariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights
ensures that the host group exists , eventually creates new host group .
return the equivalency pairs for the relativistic convention for velocity .
simulate running knn classifier on many disjoint categories
more - supported version of msg , mimicking the normal msg method .
set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
this generator takes a bunch of iterables that are ordered by func
parse a filename and search for it using resource _ find ( ) .
return a client for keystone v3 endpoint , optionally using a trust .
find and return a configured link local ipv6 address including a scope identifier using the % separation syntax .
creates content types for models in the given app , removing any model entries that no longer have a matching model class .
lists all pub / sub topics in the current project .
get a list of tile coordinates .
pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software , regardless of whether they are configured on this server
test mne compute _ proj _ ecg / eog .
whether the current os supports avx , regardless of the cpu .
return goal ( s ) for a file or directory
get list of tags in order from newest to oldest and their datetimes .
compute multivariate partial autocorrelations from autocovariances .
openid signin success .
retrieve a subset of log messages
intercept attempts to save and insert the current date and time into creation and modification date fields .
return a string that identifies the current platform .
convert input image to double image with the appropriate range .
hashes the provided password according to the specified versions policy .
returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment
helper function to load all objects from a serialized file , this includes callbacks and datasets as well as the model , layers , etc .
tries to guess the field type .
return a job id and prepare the job id directory .
computes the hamming distance between two 1 - d arrays .
process the show _ version output for net _ device
presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made .
return customized class based on argstr
return true if update pipeline failed due to immutable fields
reads the contents of the given file .
unpause a gcode linear move text .
add asterisk to field labels
parses a relative url and splits it into its path and query string .
translate an application error to a search error , if possible .
return true if there is no content before elem
return the score at the given percentile of the data .
given a url , return an : class : . connectionpool instance of its host .
trigger a scheduler event
write a set of digitizer data points into a fif file .
returns the auth modules
decide which desktop should be used , based on the detected desktop and a supplied desktop argument .
return the laplacian matrix of a directed graph .
escape special characters
get new repository .
create a new acl token .
prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container
find a block storage volume by id or name
change the default login class of the user . .
returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks staff lock , or none if the xblock is not staff locked .
salustowicz benchmark function .
set a host in down state
run a series of commands and only return true if all ran fine .
generate temporary analyze file pair .
send a direct message
relabel arbitrary labels to { offset , . . .
forever yield new items from listinggenerators .
parse a file into an elementree using the beautifulsoup parser .
decorator that reports the execution time .
assembles a list of directories containing cheatsheets
unicode string - > encoded string
find the index name for a given table and column .
read a file and parse its contents into a message object model .
get encoding from request headers or page head .
get current pricing module and context converted to pricing context .
return the disjoint union of all graphs .
returns the actual ip of the local machine .
removes a mine at a specific coordinate .
interpret a string as a boolean and return either 1 or 0 .
return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts : . .
helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified , " self " is the inner part of a sum
converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
create new folder under current parent folder
returns a string of a given length .
returns a projectresource object for a store
get one object from the database .
returns list of all language objects filled up by default values
the decorated method requires pyopenssl to be present , or it raises
retain vertical spacing between two tokens .
convert fahrenheit to celsius
create a skeleton application
return the content length of the object as stored in gcs .
parse a django - format locale string and return a babel locale .
removes a given single role for a group from a domain or project .
executes an ordered crossover on the input individuals .
get size of stream , try stream cache first .
returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
get the registry of a tab .
determines if the passed in eliot message was an error message .
return system disk i / o statistics as a namedtuple including the following fields : - read _ count : number of reads - write _ count : number of writes - read _ bytes : number of bytes read - write _ bytes : number of bytes written - read _ time : time spent reading from disk - write _ time : time spent writing to disk
change the group of a file path path to the file or directory group group owner
process the xml element .
return a matcher on test results .
check for eeg ref .
validate whether or not given value is valid slug .
splits the text by putting at the point size .
delete a service , and its constituent layers .
fixes the ids services which are related to others .
select and return n random ports that are available .
called when an instance of u { decimal . decimal } is about to be encoded to an amf stream .
compare the contents of two fiff files using diff and show _ fiff .
expand pattern into an equivalent one , but with single either .
attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window , on linux .
ignores case differences and accented characters
call webtest _ submit with name / value passed expecting a redirect and return the response from following that redirect .
get the value from the first line which starts with the given word .
list runtime - editable configuration options .
retrieve full content for the grid
load tornado url handlers from an ordered list of dotted - notation modules which contain a default _ handlers function default _ handlers should accept a list of handlers and returns an augmented list of handlers : this allows the addition of , for example , custom urls which should be intercepted before being handed to the basic url handler
send notification event .
set the movie time .
write a unicode string to a file .
return a callable that relays calls to the current default app .
try to guess kube node id using salt minion id
test function that raises an error
formats a phone number for out - of - country dialing purposes .
fixture for the tests to assure globally controllable seeding of rngs
get the mapping of arguments to values .
decodes a base64 string .
returns an array of the modal value in the passed array .
returns the output of the sql explain on the given query
returns the checks in the state provided on the path .
return all assets that are referenced in the given css document .
a simple view that is login protected with a custom redirect field set
get a pointer to the thread - local numpy random state .
return json file listing for given image id
parses a property name , which may be qualified .
return the docs version string reported in the rtd site .
incomplete emulation of flasks url _ for .
fetch prediction data and write it to cassandra .
read 32bit integer from bti file .
gets rid of < and > and & and , for good measure , :
return whether the x window system is in use .
load data from google bigquery .
method of moment estimator as starting values for beta distribution
return a color - coded label for the status of the received tool - shed _ repository installed into galaxy .
create an ecdsa . curves . curve from the usual parameters .
try to guess a files format based on its extension .
recursively try to find a pass path that can be handed off to pass
list interfaces bound to a zone . .
adds a new physical unit mapping .
helper function to init the viewbox
load dask array from stack of npy files
these return node - based measures
get path where the x ranges from 0 to 1 .
helper to validate a sos input
returns the hostname of a given ip
return density of bipartite graph b .
helper function to convert a feature to a grpc feature .
return imaginary part of quaternion .
returns reserved memory pages from host option .
create square identity matrix n x n
computes the gauss - jacobi quadrature [ 1 ] _ points and weights .
return true if given distribution is installed in user site .
helper to get city data
test round tripping out and back using transform _ to in every combination .
for search autocomplete .
helper function to factor polynomial using to _ rational _ coeffs
roll an n - sided die count times
os - specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path ; not recommended for general use .
mimic numpys casting for np . sum
normalizes a string of characters representing a phone number .
this is a helper used both in the urls ( ) and the build ( ) recursions .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for requested operation .
get a directed graph of package dependencies .
check if installed by package control .
gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list .
test whether filename matches pattern , including case .
test ssp computation on raw
delete a cluster .
used to display deprecation warning in a standard way .
drop a field or fields from a tabular expression .
return a new sqlalchemy engine .
execute a command and only return the standard error
check if a package is about to be removed ( in plugin _ unloaded ( ) )
get child random variables of input .
an incomplete add - on cant be approved .
removes the string remove from the both sides of text
provides a template that renders a stack trace in a similar format to the python interpreter , substituting source template filenames , line numbers and code for that of the originating source template , as applicable .
walk an unpacked eggs contents , skipping the metadata directory
clip array to a given value .
boot session - send website info if guest
attach is _ watcher boolean to each object of the queryset .
install the given throttle for the remote datastore stub .
perform the covariance m step for full cases .
update an existing software group , skip obsoletes if obsoletes = 1 in yum . conf .
remove media instance from media list on a position
add an indexed loop to the vertexes .
turns any callable into a lazy evaluated callable .
writes a dictionary to a writable file in a csv format
list services belonging to this account
parse the ticket , returning .
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
returns a list of urls for the resource specified .
start a gluster volume .
create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . gz name .
return dictionary representation of mixing matrix for degree .
compute the kernel weights
creates unique file name that starts with test and ends with . txt .
train a neural network , and then test it to see how it does .
called when we get a signal and need to terminate .
expected inclusion _ unlimited _ args _ from _ template _ _ doc _ _
parse the raid line
load a countgraph object from the given filename and return it .
returns a dirac gamma matrix gamma ^ mu in the standard representation .
evaluates calls from call _ queue and places the results in result _ queue .
set up a sensor for an amcrest ip camera .
create a new container , or upload an object to a container .
given an object , return true if the object is callable .
starts a background process a students attempts counter .
performs jackknife resampling on numpy arrays .
return s stripped of pkcs7 padding
test whether a numpy . ndarray contains any np . inf or np . nan values .
get an md5 socket file descriptor .
converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
generate a list of reachable commits in reverse chronological order .
unregister an explicit module in the registry .
solve l1 / l2 mixed - norm inverse problem with active set strategy .
helper function to check region code is not unknown or none
downloads the files associated with a particular app version .
tell the current conditions and forecast for a location
render all identified comic pages .
create new poller instance .
draw the nodes of the graph g .
a hook to report the progress of a download .
parses a form request body .
do the get .
test database is recreated each time if lettuce _ use _ test _ database is set
provides the base64 decoded content of a pgp - style block .
converts an image filename to a hash .
opens a file or url in the default application .
return a list of lists for the mx of domain .
the purpose of this function is to scrub the weird template mark - up out of strings that veekun is using for their pokedex .
binhex : create binhex - encoded copy of a file
execute the onlyif and unless logic .
turn newlines into .
all attacked positions
setup osprofiler notifier and enable profiling .
divide two values
use polynomial interpolation of x at the low and high ends of the axis to fill in the halflen values in y .
climb the tree and get every node .
setup the demo camera platform .
get a repository from the database via id .
process will only execute when system is idle
initialize each addon in settings . addons _ requested .
returns the vdi - ref of the cached image .
transform an opcode signature into rst nodes .
get the username that salt - minion is running under .
return correct command based on the family , e . g . ipv4 or ipv6
checks for a version value in the version table .
find and return vera switches .
a non - interactive runner
validate that the provided thrift transport is supported .
verify hook signature .
return the applescript equivalent of the given string .
returns a string to represent a key , preserving ordering .
only load if boto is available .
set all module _ _ file _ _ attribute to an absolute path
check whether two chemical equations are the same .
return a browser launcher instance appropriate for the environment .
returns a model and form class based on the model and form _ class parameters that were passed to the generic view .
calculate dispersion between u and v in g .
same as : py : func : ~ pil . imagecolor . getrgb , but converts the rgb value to a greyscale value if the mode is not color or a palette image .
encode the messages payload in quoted - printable .
get the gntp notification service .
a basic example of build instructions .
run the buildout bootstrap dance .
retrieves all groups in a project .
private port mapping allocation information .
returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis .
determines appropriate setting for a given request , taking into account the explicit setting on that request , and the setting in the session .
elementwise floor function .
checks if two urls are same - origin
create and assign permissions for forum roles
flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top
closes the database again at the end of the request .
create an html fragment preview of the posted wiki syntax .
returns true if filename is not a nzb nor torrent file
return a copy of a pil image as a numpy array .
create a finite random variable representing a hypergeometric distribution .
get the topology constraints declared in flavor or image
returns the document or directory found for the given uuid or path and current user .
restful crud controller - cache georss / kml feeds & make them available to the map viewing client as geojson
use this method to set the score of the specified user in a game .
takes message data and adds a message header based on the operation .
remove both leading / dev / and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
check if node is peered .
get the real filter sizes of each layer involved in convoluation .
testing the colorless output of a successful feature
return the configuration options passed to this minion
waits for a server to reach a given status .
derive a short id from a random uuid .
plot the topomap of the power spectral density across epochs .
the harvest command should take a - - port argument
decides whether or not elt is a final element
general link query for a subreddit .
uses tshark to check for a handshake .
common crypto compatibile wrapper
returns cached item
verifies that a file with this filename exists .
replace the tk root menu by something thats more appropriate for
set / get the ylimits of the current ticklocs and labels : : # return locs , labels where locs is an array of tick locations and # labels is an array of tick labels .
create a elasticache redis node and ec2 instance
convert utm easting / northing pair and grid zone to mgrs - style grid reference , e . g . " 18q yf 80 52 " .
merge two or more mapping columns into one column
only load if the snapper module is available in _ _ salt _ _
encodes hex to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
archive or unarchive a question
least - recently - used cache decorator .
get step key for the point .
create summary table of regression parameters with several equations
executes a task on completion of the called action .
let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming .
create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result .
fetch / set a subscriptions iam policy .
generate correct repr for types and typeconstraints
parse an id3v1 tag , returning a list of id3v2 . 4 frames .
a system - v style service will have a control script in / etc / init . d .
returns the corename of a file .
create a cluster admin or a database user .
helper for translate _ exception .
attempts to search for valid shells on a system and see if a given shell is in the list
recursive glob for one directory and all its subdirectories .
test indexing on . net classes with default members
compare the two elements given by their position in the document or documents they were parsed from .
returns a value that depends on the input string : - float if input can be converted to float - integer if input can be converted to integer - zero if the input string is empty and empty2zero flag is set - the same input string , empty or not , otherwise .
get the body of an l { iresponse } and return it as a byte string .
simple wrapper of djangos reverse that first ensures that we have declared each endpoint under test .
find the corresponding > to close a template .
extracts request id from response header .
return true if price display options has show prices enabled .
setup event pipeline manager according to yaml config file .
get equated geometryoutput .
log a message with severity debug on the root logger .
returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
the sk _ x50 _ name _ entry created will not be gcd .
try to get the users preferred language by first checking the cookie and then by checking the http language headers .
restful crud controller
calculates fletcher - 16 checksum of the given buffer .
restful crud controller for twitter channels - appears in the administration menu
generate config for nginx
finds and returns the path to the current engine executable .
parse the next read in the file , return data as a seqrecord .
update the organization address .
gets username corresponding to the given user _ id .
get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
checks if the staticfiles settings have sane values .
commit any cached queries and close down the connection
return a list of queue ( ) objects describing all visible queues .
used to determine if port can be trusted not to attack network .
simple guess type of field , only allowed are integer , numeric and text
decorator for functions that alter the index using the git command .
ensure a security group with the specified name does not exist .
returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 address
updates the computenode record with the most recent data .
retrieves an s3transfer performance script if available .
alternative relu implementation .
get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
show the details of an existing network .
returns an epoch - type date
run a child process , and log the output as we get it .
trace how the configuration objects are loaded and from where .
the regularized derivative
validate a user against a resource .
breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature .
verifies that the name is ascii and will raise a configurationerror if it is not .
these equations are found in the theory of oscillations . .
assert that a parameter is of a given type .
check the python source given by c { codestring } for flakes .
return all valid sub - indices of a pandas index .
resolve the formatter class by : using one of the registered ones loading a user - specified formatter class
compiles all the rules from the environment into a list of rules .
a function to run a test as if request was made to the given theme .
the generate _ tokens ( ) generator requires one argment , readline , which must be a callable object which provides the same interface as the readline ( ) method of built - in file objects .
format a single file event
helper function to vectorize functions on array inputs
split the extension from a pathname .
creates a lineage defined by testfile .
restful crud controller
perform a wiener filter on an n - dimensional array .
set up the emoncms history component .
parse options and run checks on python source .
create a hash map for all objects
get vector3 from multiplier , prefix and xml element .
create and return a list of unwrapped lines from the given pytree .
generates html formatted diff of two strings .
lists running nspawn containers . .
takes an expression containing a piecewise function and returns the expression in piecewise form .
enable darklang by default when it is installed , to prevent accidental release of testing languages .
return a url appropriate for the arguments passed .
creates a trigger type db object in the db given trigger _ type definition as dict .
returns maximum elements and their indices obtained by iterating over given axis .
tries to disable an interface .
formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
make dict of lib : ids
take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format .
extract a tuple of rid , rtoe from the please wait page .
test that covariance matrices do not become non positive definite
try to get a license from the package .
cleanup api payload to pass into dataset _ collections .
return a deferred with the output of all successful calls to the given callbacks
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
set an effect to the lamp .
tries to determine the libc version that the file executable is linked against .
takes an s3 style acl and returns a list of header / value pairs that implement that acl in swift , or " unsupported " if there isnt a way to do that yet .
reconfigure a container .
inference network to parameterize variational model .
jobs - restful controller
return name for snapshot that will be used to migrate the volume .
get all available regions for the amazon kinesis service .
format the items in lst as a list .
create an image for a specific platform .
generator of minibatches .
set a kernel parameter .
construct an iterable of length - 1 strings beginning with start and ending with stop .
return true if * cluster _ summary * is currently bootstrapping .
imports and returns a module .
ignores sigint signal
send an hipchat message with the return data from a job
validate the beacon configuration
mnist classification with a multi - layer perceptron .
read nicolet data as raw object .
sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution .
validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria , URL
turn on the feature that turns deprecations into exceptions .
compute gcd and cofactors of f and g .
show pending changes
compare two strings while protecting against timing attacks
launch a subplot tool window for a figure .
compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
install a signal handler which will write a byte to c { fd } when
take a list of guesses and merge those which have the same properties , increasing or decreasing the confidence depending on whether their values are similar .
find out if were being diverted to another location .
this gives ops the ability to change the topic .
from an html text , convert the html to plain text .
returns the number of file in the iterable list of files | file _ list | which are not curerntly open in visible windows
generate lists of command arguments for sys _ v style inits .
get _ conf ( ) - > confparse object for hive - site . xml
add documentation annotations to the decorated function .
given a sequence of : class : path objects and optional
uri - decode and then json - decode the given document .
set safety setting for channel
returns false for indices increasingly apart , the distance depending on the value of verbose .
throws exception if there is a syntax error in the jinja template
queries users by user id , filtering by friendships .
x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar
only work on systems which exclusively use sysvinit
render a template
assign an index value to a location in mcmap .
compute additional features
add to the attribute dictionary .
inspect the function signature of c { obj } s constructor , and get a list of which arguments should be displayed .
clean private / secret data from log statements and other data .
get an albuminfo object for a musicbrainz release id .
normalize site configuration values to strip extra quotation marks .
return true if the given path can be written or created
stores a sequence of model instances .
build a classification report based on metrics used with imbalanced dataset
return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider with relevant data .
returns a cache key for the header cache .
initialize all parameters
return an html page , containing a pretty error response .
compile scala sources and generate a jar containing the classes and resources .
set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable .
multipart message helper with template rendering .
reads data from * url * with an http * get * .
returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing .
the title will be the part before the match
returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code .
returns an array of the weighted modal value in a
only load if influxdb lib is present
return the number of thread objects currently alive .
join a base url and a possibly relative url to form an absolute interpretation of the latter .
join a base uri with a uri reference and return the resulting uri .
write out the best _ job _ and _ result . txt file containing the top results .
make a parser object with the chosen features .
remove accentuation from the given string .
return a list of supported tags for each version specified in versions .
connect to redis .
finds a binutils in the path somewhere .
helper function that returns a host object either from the host location or the host _ name .
simulates a get request to a wsgi application .
runs an rpm - va on a system , and returns the results in a dict
return the type of the activations , weights , and placeholder variables .
there are some issues with " sudo w3af _ api _ docker " where we write to the ~ / . w3af / file but were doing it as root , and then the user wants to execute . / w3af _ api and this message appears :
gend is a list , ie [ first , second , third ]
send an annotation event to stackdriver
release the vlm instance related to the given l { instance } .
helper to fix bug on old scipy .
list the packages currently installed as a dict : : { : } with _ origin : false
a higher order function implemented on top of the block _ structure . get _ blocks function returning a transformed block structure for the given user starting at starting _ block _ usage _ key .
generate secure filename for uploaded file .
create a user configuration dictionary from config files
immediate assignment reject section 9 . 1 . 20
create a random string only with numbers
get unique network id from network name .
return subreddits recommended if you like the given subreddits .
find the n largest elements in a dataset .
test that progress widget value and visibility state match expectations .
this method returns the queryset of xblocks that can be created in studio , as stored in xblockstudioconfiguration .
asynchronously store one or more entities in the datastore .
deserialize result from tuple .
parses the custom settings given to coala via - s something = value .
exponential linear unit # arguments x : tensor to compute the activation function for .
asserts redirect and final redirect matches expected url .
set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist .
convenience function for polynomial interpolation .
return the parent directory for the given directory .
generate a sparse random matrix given column class distributions
create a benchmark parameter factory from a configuration stanza .
parses a call to a named group .
creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course .
generate french and spanish translations for the given item .
returns true if the given user is following the actor { % if request . user | is _ following : another _ user % }
decorator used to register a new result drainer type .
returns the content length from the wsgi environment as integer .
set app remote git url
return a json list of version names
delete object from search index
generates a random string of rand _ length _ size .
dedent and left - strip
remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character .
helper method to execute command with optional retry .
complete auth process .
ensure pagerduty user does not exist .
make a pipelineloader that emits np . eye arrays for the columns in testingdataset .
decodes a jwt token .
obtain interface information for * nix / bsd variants
computes the accuracy of the tm at time - step t based on the prediction at time - step t - 1 and the current active columns at time - step t .
get new search ctr data from google analytics and save .
compute squared l2 norms of groups inplace .
a helper method to register the default web routes of a single page application .
debounce is the number of previous failures we need to mark a search as passing or failing
create a new organization .
single knowledge category view page
check satisfiability of a propositional sentence .
return true if an update is available on pypi .
create a server and a client and connect the two with an
create a single vm from a data dict
bdecodes data into python built - in types .
shuffle the data
validates that the users password matches the given password and that the maximum incorrect guess count has not been reached .
the main ( ) function implements all of the logic that the gui version of onionshare uses .
split the datastore path to components .
remove any valid @ charset at the beggining of a token stream .
temperature a gcode linear move file .
updates a logical port on the assigned logical router
set the content margins for a layout
method called when script is run
remove files from the staging area .
return a list of tiles dicts for a mapnik query object .
ensures a request has permission to access the given project .
parse text string and return patchset ( ) object
return the list of licenses available for datasets on the site .
decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
create perspective projection matrix
true if backup is image type .
elliptic digital and analog filter design .
validates that value is a float , or can be converted to one , and is positive .
log an action in the meeting log URL
fake dataproc job metadata
render the python modules components
return a data hash of the index / series / dataframe . .
utility function to be used in step implementations to ensure that an
yield from iterable without going over rate limit
returns the integer code of the given triad .
looks through the possible template paths to find a template returns the full path is it exists .
dump * entries * to stdout
displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
compute the gravatar hash for an email address .
same as a | b .
vectorized version of stats . dirichlet . entropy .
get a list of all virtual machines on a specific host .
n may be the inside of block or object .
return an element with highest func score ; tie goes to first one .
return an encoder for a basic varint value .
expand gufunc source template
insert twist portions and radian the twist .
return an element with lowest func score ; tie goes to first one .
like djangos reverse , except returns an absolute url .
estimate noise covariance matrix from epochs .
checks settings files .
return sorted indices of eigenvalues using the " which " keyword from eigs and eigsh
enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns .
keep cache size in check .
writes a login redirection url to a user .
update opkg package definitions .
generate some lorem impsum for the template .
publish an action execution .
parses a string as a float according to the locale settings .
convert a value to a python literal in gml representation .
driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix
update recon cache values
return a list of the instance uuids on a given host .
update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt .
helper method for all backend catalogs to deal with urls
check that a query with the given mode and tag _ sets reads from all members in a set , and only members in that set .
custom view for the potlatch2 openstreetmap editor URL
turns on formatted logging output as configured .
logs a user in with an api endpoint .
store dask arrays in array - like objects , overwrite data in target
returns the legendre symbol .
reindexes the search index .
registers the core dll in the registry .
update the en / lc _ messages / django . po files with new / updated translatable strings .
check if options . exclude contains a pattern that matches filename .
return the uri prefix where desktop is generally accessible .
load a pickle , with a provided encoding if compat is true : fake the old class hierarchy if it works , then return the new type objects
returns fee components .
receives publishing signal and performs publishing related workflows , such as registering proctored exams , building up credit requirements , and performing search indexing
edit watch list
convenience function to add tenant _ id tag to taglist .
returns the value from the function with the given name in the given language module .
returns text - formatted histogram .
return the escaped html content based on the rich _ text flag .
the triggers to turn lights on or off based on device presence .
get complex from prefix and xml element .
get the path to write the data for a profile run of expr .
saves the icon for obj to its final destination .
take the not - in - place difference of two lists , similar to sets but preserving order .
convert a ssh public key to openssl format
returns the results of firing the precommand handles .
simple command - line program for executing a process in the vm without the network requirement to actually access it .
preallocate outputs in different memory layouts .
information about an acl token .
generator to create n _ packs slices going up to n .
tokenize a javascript source .
ensure that named package includes a subpath of path _ item
loads settings from a module , returns a dictionary .
get a point - of - reference timestamp in epoch + milliseconds by deriving from a unit and a count , and an optional reference timestamp , epoch
title - case matched text .
setup the dweet . io component .
modified dentons method to convert low - frequency to high - frequency data .
get the all the xml lines of a text .
this function is only here to keep some pickles loading after a failed fix done in august 2011 .
parses path info formatted like a / c / f where c and f are optional and a leading / is accepted .
gets node registration was registered from .
free form utf - 8 text
remove a specific symbol from a fn _ table .
summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
specifying abbreviated forms of the python interpreter should work
return module name and strip configuration .
if input points to ( or { or [ or < , finds the position that closes it .
determine if the argument is a ieee 754 nan value .
finds a port thats available .
explore the modules .
stores password as system _ metadata items .
set the default colormap to pink and apply to current image if any .
get endpoints from the y intersections .
return an outline of the given codeintel tree element .
discover cameras on a unifi nvr .
cotangent of a series
given a file object containing a list of tweet ids , fetch the corresponding full tweets , if available .
generate a tar ball containing all of the source files .
disable an apache site .
alternate constructor for chain ( ) .
compute down for blaze clients .
generate an array with constant block diagonal structure for biclustering .
create a cache class for additional compilation features to cache their result for reuse .
wait until the destination socket can be reached .
runs your wsgi - compliant application object in a cgi environment .
import a python object that has the given * name * , under one of the prefixes * .
create a bem model for a subject .
executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
allocate / release classic eip
does line terminate so , that the next symbol is in string constant .
execute the main body of the script .
check that the database is use - able , possibly creating it if empty .
replace relative links in c { str } and c { href } attributes with links relative to c { linkrel } .
build the global network script .
unpack zip filename to extract _ dir
restful crud controller
get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents .
reshape a 2d image into a collection of patches
wrapper function for _ upload _ manifest so we can keep the standalone validator separate from the manifest upload stuff .
calculate the variance of a bds effect
check that pgcli is in installed modules .
this function is called after all the pox options have been read in but before any components are loaded .
command : def id lparen id rparen equals error
all relators are checked to see if they are of the form gen ^ n .
create a track object from an echo nest track id .
insert a document
returns the inner product of two arrays .
we would like to compute some more information from the given course modes and the users current enrollment
construct an absolute url to a static resource on the site .
wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step .
creates an ordered list from strings , tuples or other hashable items .
refine a positive root of f given a mobius transform or an interval .
return a cipher object pkcs115 _ cipher that can be used to perform pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 encryption or decryption .
make an array containing a luminance grating of the specified params
returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
list of url params required for disabled project tests .
returns unreviewed apps progress .
returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument
estimate rank of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix - vector multiplication .
prints the list of available formatters and their description .
formats a date as the time since that date .
normalize datetime intervals .
find all ancestor entities of the given entities in the
checks if the versions for the exploration or collection schemas have changed .
regex or xpath
writes credentials to a file .
creates and returns a sax parser .
raise dbdeadlock exception if operationalerror contains a deadlock condition .
serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format ; reloads it and validates the process .
create upload url for post form - - async version .
helper function to update headers in the response .
convert an excel date / time number into a datetime . datetime object .
return html for bootstrap css .
ask a question ; return true if the answer is yes
returns the underlying probability space of a random expression .
compute number of triangles in the threshold graph with the given creation sequence .
finds the residue of expr at the point x = x0 .
get long description from file .
internal server handler
converts a genepop record to a fdist one .
remove all actions from the task .
hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
make shellcode in dictionaries bytes
returns a set of all functional components of the given expression which includes symbols , function applications and compositions and non - integer powers .
get system load average from startup .
set the default ruby ruby
setup the plex sensor .
revert a vm to a snapshot
annotate a portion of a primaryjoin expression with a foreign annotation .
negative binomial regression
return source with all unpaired tags removed , preserving the text content source should have already been sanitized
test if two floating point values are equal .
do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
evaluate a score by cross - validation
this function checks if the url parameter is dynamic .
update stats from google analytics .
minimally merge the given chunks so as to drop the number of chunks below * max _ number * , while minimizing the largest width .
returns a canonical string used to identify a particular task
execute the given rule .
verifies whether were running under uid 0 .
returns the rendered template as a string .
try importing jplephem , download / retrieve from cache the satellite planet
call color function base on name
validate the structure of a configuration section .
return the first installed font family in family list
return the nearest neighbour sentences to query text : list of sentences vectors : the corresponding representations for text query : a string to search
a testing hook .
get port record for update within transaction .
given the two different config files , set up the environment .
returns 1 if s is a ldap url , 0 else
set the order of columns in kanban board
format the parameters according to the nipy style conventions .
write headers to the output file , updating content length if needed .
return a dict with fields that differ between two dicts .
builds extra spec fields from a dictionary .
returns the dot product of the arrays , works for sparse and dense .
cool a gcode linear move file .
delete saml provider
fetch the attachment _ specs for the specified attachment record .
converts a datetime instance to a timestamp .
wiener filter with iterative computation of the noise variance .
unsupervised wiener - hunt deconvolution .
plist is list of pens l is length of branch a is half of the angle between 2 branches f is factor by which branch is shortened from level to level .
get the current uptime of the server since last reload
return a copy of baseformat : class : qtextcharformat with updated color , weight , background and font properties .
the parameter data _ end should specify where data reading ends .
imports the specified module based on the dot notated import path for the module .
registers a generic multiflag that parses its args with a given parser .
load a grammar from a file , and build a parser based on that grammar .
return windows adapter name for given windows interface index
returns a form field for a db . textproperty .
replaces space character after sql statement with a valid random blank character .
collects the result of a command on the remote machine .
return true if the unicode character unichar is a printable character .
routine for validation and conversion of csgraph inputs
no - op validation function .
set the ps name for the currently running process .
starts services necessary for operating in the viewfinder www server environment .
remove ansi color codes from the string .
shortcut for fopen with extra uid , gid and mode options .
calls external tesseract . exe on input file , outputting output _ filename + txt
destroy the interactive window .
exclusive _ or _ expression : and _ expression
given an instance specific inference function , return a function to be given to manager . register _ transform to set this inference function .
report if any files in the docs directory .
set up the updater component .
extracts a number from a raw byte string .
return the name for the given value of the given type _ .
return dataset of given stream .
generate the rst associated to a json schema .
moves the vehicle to a position dnorth metres north and deast metres east of the current position .
load an image from a file as a pixbuf , with optional resizing .
notify a list _ user _ subscribed event
read jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss _ config
perform t - test with variance adjustment and no p - value calculation .
turn a 1 - hot encoding or a probability distribution over the possible characters back into its character representation .
find certificates that are part of an instance
construct the p format column array , both the data descriptors and the data .
factory using an options dictionary .
plot the time , open , close , high , low as a vertical line ranging from low to high .
convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
attempts to add a message to the request using the messages app , falling back to the users message _ set if messagemiddleware hasnt been enabled .
add disk - based nzb file , optional attributes , reuse flag will suppress duplicate detection
given a policy name , check to see if the given policy exists .
ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups , not both
robustly parses a short text description of a time period into a
a decorator that locks a transaction during the function call .
helper function to generate a single row of a price table .
return for nth - order chebyshev type i analog lowpass filter .
packs a reference property into a entity _ pb . propertyvalue .
validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds .
test must raise one of expected exceptions to pass .
create the verifier to use when the key type is dsa
return the platform dependent application directory .
return random entries .
uses the win32 registry to return an iterator of serial ports existing on this computer .
returns a tuple such that d = gcd = ia + jb
lists the available cheatsheets
get a list of episodes that we want to download
walk two filename lists in parallel , testing if each source is newer than its corresponding target .
converts a key into a string .
test creating a working copy at a specified revision .
make a c { failure } of a divide - by - zero error .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
get the keys for both memcache and env [ swift . infocache ] where info about accounts , containers , and objects is cached
tries to unify values of corresponding keys .
setup the cfg for the clean up utility .
decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to do eliot - based log tracing ; that is , the ability to continue a remote task .
return change over time for the requested metric
given a beets query string as a list of components , return the query and sort they represent .
return the id or uuid portion of a url .
surround a replacement for a deprecated api with some polite text exhorting the user to consider it as an alternative .
return pool implementation by name .
run windows environment variable editor
returns the domain part of an url .
lock file f using lockf and dot locking .
forward all changes made in the buffer to the current snippet stack while function call .
assemble summary sourceestimate from spatiotemporal cluster results .
get the storage directory
write the source spaces to a fif file .
gets an object out of a list whos name matches obj _ name .
isolate vm traffic using vlans .
build descriptor for field instance .
return a wrapper around obj with decorator applied to all of its method calls .
test xunit output with one errors
takes either a date , datetime or a string , and returns the standard iso formatted string for that date / time , with any fractional second portion removed .
return * true * if all elements of * seq * compare equal .
returns a foreignstruct implementation or raises foreignerror
returns username for an svn transaction .
factory that returns a pprint function useful for sets and frozensets .
will copy desired subset of headers from from _ r to to _ r .
return data to a memcache data store
returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st _ homogeneous _ coeff _ subs _ dep _ div _ indep and 1st _ homogeneous _ coeff _ subs _ indep _ div _ dep .
get a vlan object by its name or id
returns information about the data imported , such as column names and types .
compression level to use in svd _ compressed
parses general parms for rate limits looking for things that start with the provided name _ prefix within the provided conf and returns lists for both internal use and for / info
get the text of an xml tag .
calculates the maximum overall displacement of the midpoints of the faces of a cube due to translation and rotation .
ensure that a named directory is present and has the right perms name
return the mime type of the image data .
test tight _ layout for subplot2grid
escapes markdown - sensitive characters within other markdown constructs .
wrapper to run a docker - py function and return a list of dictionaries
a fake implementation of l { zope . interface . implementer } which always succeeds .
removes all handlers for given event name .
rolls back the most recent savepoint .
update user details using data from provider .
improve auto - element approximation .
delete a mapping along with its data
parse an etag header .
create ip allocation pools for a specified subnet
loads an object saved using the dump function .
sorts higher scored passages first .
return true if the minion matches the given grain _ pcre target .
iterate the registered services and find one with the given id
a tag that uses escape explicitly
scrapes optparse options from : py : class : optionparser and
reads the font metrics header and returns a dictionary mapping * key * to * val * .
get flipped loop .
remove standard padding .
reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object .
decorator that activates commit on save .
test whether two pathnames reference the same actual file
create a leslie matrix .
makes a lowercase string with capitals .
returns a list of field names from an admin fieldsets structure .
try to remove a user .
restful crud controller
group the items of a task by albumartist and album name and create a new task for each album .
return whether the policy exists based on rabbitmqctl list _ policies .
generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing
returns the list of module names
iteratively compute disjoint negative root isolation intervals .
imports content from a local tarball or a url as a new docker image source
returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response .
render a press release given a slug .
delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma - separated list to src or dest .
delete a route53 hosted zone .
guessing file type by filename
this is an exact equation that fails under the exact engine .
get a list of feed item ids used by a campaign via a given campaign feed .
add song to history .
installs a specific rubygems version in the given ruby ruby
convert dtypes in mapping to given order
test evoked pandas exporter .
a decorator which checks that the currently logged - in user has a webhook post permission .
runs the command - line client for the current database _ engine .
validate the contents of setup . py against versioneers expectations .
replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html ; a single newline becomes an html line break ( ) and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break ( ) .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device .
get topics related to the current topic .
return iterable over shuffled api servers .
gets a list of activityreference domain models .
submit user ratings .
returns true / false whether configuration has a definition for the specified key .
connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk .
converts a phone number with letters into its numeric equivalent .
creates the setup _ py for a pants artifact .
a simple test runner .
create an elastic network interface .
source cant have arrays , object , constant or function literals .
a simple view that is login protected with a custom redirect field set
decode a base64 encoded string .
render a template into a response .
find a maximum single - commodity flow using dinitz algorithm .
formats the features / data
only load if python - memcached is installed
get the uname in vagrant .
determine which windowserror name to export .
retrieve the most recently added peps
produce an engine configured by - - options with optional overrides .
create a continuous random variable with an inverse gamma distribution .
return type of newline used in source .
convert a json string to pandas object
normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std , which are usually compute from all examples .
hash function for romix .
delete a single vm , and all of its volumes
prints all the profile info in the profiles collection .
try to determine the version from _ version . py if present .
tries to match city , state and country of address to existing territory
hipchat object method function to construct and execute on the api url .
register an option in the package - wide pandas config object
returns http headers suitable for caching .
return none if * name * is expected to be a valid variable name in any glsl version .
check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course .
instantiates each bear with the arguments it needs .
course structure application receiver for the course _ published signal
jump the vim cursor to the preview window , which must be active .
run the data preparation steps of qiime
computes readout time from epi params .
test maxwell filter head translation .
illustrate the various methods of discoursetester
iterable to map a 16 bit grayscale image to 8 bits .
generate the initial collection and plot it
imports the staticfiles finder class described by import _ path , where import _ path is the full python path to the class .
search for a musicbrainz id in the given string and return it .
utility function for the common case of checking a function with a sequence of input / output pairs .
lazy variant of string concatenation , needed for translations that are constructed from multiple parts .
called when the controlconnection object is about to be finalized .
a basic irods connection mechanism that connects using the current irods environment
make sure only customizations that need a restriction tag generate one
convert lower triangular banded matrix to upper banded form .
removes users from the configuration of network devices .
search the given file , which is in hosts ( 5 ) standard format , for an address entry with a given name .
capitalize matched text , ignoring the text inside tag definitions .
checks whether file path location
returns a string with the article + the word .
shows file changes in the current working directory .
return locale or , if locale isnt a known locale , a default .
do the actual put
reads heartbleed data in json format from this file
fetch a data structure describing tool shed versions from the tool shed corresponding to a tool _ shed _ repository object .
deregister a service from the given agent using its service id
setup the wink lights .
return compiled regex .
returns a versioned asset url .
checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application .
returns true / false boolean depending on if moto is installed and correct version .
read mne - python preferences from environment or config file .
create the seed file for a state . sls run
second nibble hex encoding method .
normalize an encoding name .
remove the two objects created in exercise # 3 from the database .
record ownership meta - fields
update the progress bar
ensure a repository is present name
call the real , underlying function .
wrapper function : read gpa format files .
adds a hook to a method on a class
simple _ stmt : small _ stmts newline | small _ stmts semicolon newline
generate colon - hex string .
parse a message set search key into a c { messageset } .
return information about the host connected to this master
run the import , possibly asynchronously .
splits a string into a list of tokens .
find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line .
page query results
function to queue html e - mails
apply clustering to a projection to the normalized laplacian .
returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string
strips doctype from xml document , returns rss _ version may be rss091n or none stripped _ data is the same xml document , minus the doctype
flushes cache for the stage identified by stagename from api identified by restapiid
get files which have a given file type , but with do not contain a word in a list .
find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
returns all python code , as a list of tuples , each one being :
submit change to remote repository
return true and set val to field _ name in msg if the assignment is type - compatible , else return false .
compute gcd of a list of polynomials .
request multiple urls via mthreading , order of urls & requests is stable returns same requests but with response variables filled .
this module examines certificates which compose an openshift container platform cluster
call callable fixing any type errors that come out .
write the ttf / otf font represented by data into a font record .
get inspectlib module for the lazy loader .
used by modules like hardware or network fact classes to retrieve all subclasses of a given class .
it reads a chunk of a binary file .
cohort students in bulk , and upload the results .
gets a virtual interface from the table .
finalizes an uploaded draft .
return the number of antidivisors [ 1 ] _ of n .
blaze symbol used to test exceptions raised by cat ( )
helper method for constructing grammars of expressions made up of operators working in a precedence hierarchy .
this function is used to verify the response given by the client when he tries to authenticate .
search for annotations and return a dict with an annotation - list key .
ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
encode password in hexadecimal if needed
top contributors list view .
returns a sensible label for a field name .
generate internal password for externally authenticated user
parses a textual datetime format and return a python datetime object .
transform expressions into a multinomial form .
check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot
a tag structure .
get the next double generated by the prng at * state _ ptr * .
given the device name , returns the pci address of a device and returns true if the address is in a physical function .
performs the base64 ( hmac _ sha1 ) used by cybersource hosted order page
a single forum in a category .
add a propstat response structure to an element .
loads data out of rsa pkcs # 1 vector files .
returns true iff one of xblocks ancestors has staff lock .
set movie title .
converts a numpy array to pil image object .
returns a shallow copy of the image .
get the old default
obtain the default google storage bucket name for this application .
the inverse of service . available .
binds a server socket to an available port on localhost .
minimal example of the logic of an interactive interpreter loop .
update add - ons adu totals .
get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture
generate a key for use with salt - ssh
squeeze and concatenate the results depending on values of combine and squeeze .
set a response cookie for the client .
get family of running operating system .
small utility to download the file at url under name filename .
execute command in a subshell , return stdout .
computes the sum of gradients of given variables w . r . t .
create a snapshot of the specified virtual machine in this vmware environment . .
retrieve next link , if applicable .
call this to embed ipython at the current point in your program .
returns a dictionary containing a bunch of data that shouldnt change often and is otherwise inaccessible .
view a thread of message
walking a tree bottom - up
pretty printer for tree walkers
obtain a url that will serve the underlying image - async version .
returns the number of cells used in a tabular inline
format an event which has been flattened with l { flattenevent } .
returns a copy of an array with all elements of the main diagonal set to a specified scalar value .
given a reg - exp pattern , normalizes it to an iterable of forms that suffice for reverse matching .
return dict mapping style names to help strings .
find the first socket for the given channel , and use it to broadcast to the channel , including the socket itself .
find a fk
produce edges in a breadth - first - search starting at source .
returns a store instance .
error checking for routines that return strings .
returns a discrete range .
gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name
returns a provider class .
return datetime obj where date and time are pulled from timestamp string .
compute the batched dot product of two variables : batched _ dot [ i ] = dot
modify one or more values for a repo .
return a random byte string containing * nbytes * bytes .
read feature properties and return in matrix form .
return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit .
test that eventplot produces the correct output
range of values along an axis .
main entry point for module execution
fetch data for blob - - async version .
retrieves a data file from the standard locations for the package and provides a local filename for the data .
return a list of objects whose typestr matches regex
the purpose of this decorator is to allow passing old settings names to bears due to the heavy changes in their names .
delete selinux file context mapping definition from the policy .
gets a float from a token , if it fails , returns the string .
add an url scheme if missing : file : / / for filepath - like input or http : / / otherwise .
returns true if these are w / in a minute of each other .
given a location , immediately or schedule the deletion of an image location and update location status to db .
redirect to a given url .
decorator that synchronizes a method or a function with a mutex lock .
a fake implementation of l { zope . interface . implementer } which always behaves like the version of that function provided by zope . interface 3 . 5 and older .
replay to update the status during timeout seconds .
returns a list of filenames from the local object store which emulates the sorting order of keys returned from an
updates the doc when card is edited
create a security group .
compute the frequency response of a digital filter in sos format .
asynchronously returns a list of available indexes .
removes query components that are natively supported by the datastore .
return a connection object connected to the socket given by address
authenticate using mongodb - x509 .
test non - square infomax
bind socket to bind ip : port in conf
return the model registry for the given database , or the database mentioned on the current thread .
setup the available netatmo weather sensors .
sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
parse the mode _ string and return a list of triples .
a function to connect to a bigip device and modify an existing member of a pool .
converts a volumeid passed as the volume to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
filter data along one dimension using cascaded second - order sections
show documentation for additional options of optimization solvers .
view function returning the root container for a github repo .
ensure a user is present with the specified groups name
load configuration file and setup watches
concatenate dataframes along rows .
enumerates all repositories that have repo sections in the config .
run through subclasses of a particular class
replace a slice of each string in the series / index with another string .
remove a user from the group .
run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo .
returns a module object for given python module name using importlib . import _ module .
construct a common number field for all extensions .
configures the optimizer used for training .
get brocade specific network , with vlan extension .
input number : account or invoice number
mock the grading function to always return a passing grade .
helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http / https request
list installed applications
recursively unpack parameters to the emr api .
return a list of all mailcap files found on the system .
return the host on which a client can connect to the given listener .
nfsstats main loop .
list all common prefixes .
get the amount of cpu used so far for the current request .
provides normalized version of item for sorting with digits .
restride an array of shape ( x _ 0 , . . .
print benchmark numbers .
issue a warning string , identifying c { offender } as the responsible code .
back up database locally
make salts opts dict and the apiclient available in the wsgi environ
run each shell command in cmd _ list in a separate process , piping stdout to out _ log and stderr to err _ log .
moves ship to the new location x , y .
multi - dimensional greyscale opening .
called prior to deploying a single built file
try to find the most capable encoding supported by the console .
force - reload the named service
test rereference eeg data .
return json dict of { status : complete | incomplete } .
update a key with a value in the minion datastore
initialize the gpg keyring and import the journalist key for testing .
try to import a module , and if it fails because an imporerror it logs on warning , and logs the traceback on debug level
set gear helix path .
retrieve raw version data from a url .
restful crud controller
generate the string that defines the permutations to apply for a given encoder .
calculate the triplet loss according to the facenet paper
compute nt complex zeros of sine fresnel integral s ( z ) .
fetches all configured ipsec site connections for a tenant
calls rar / unrar command line executable , returns stdout pipe
when both the pdf info dict and xmp metadata are present , prefer the xmp metadata unless the info moddate is never than the xmp metadatadate .
get a media _ url link with a cache buster querystring .
get the action by request _ id and given instance .
manages the communication between this process and the worker processes .
return the version of msvc that was used to build python .
check latest and notify to upgrade
pickle - read a variable from a file
return true if name points to a tar archive that we are able to handle , else return false .
dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths using bidirectional search .
generator for yielding nodes of a tree in a pre - order sort .
wrapper function to plot figure and create a binary image .
parses proxy address user : pass @ host : port into a dict suitable for httplib2
main entry point for module execution
iterate over matched fasta and qual files as seqrecord objects .
person rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
returns false if * ucd * is not a valid unified content descriptor _ .
represent for yaml
returns filesize in a human readable format .
destroy a machine by name
block with objects permissions
run either the mapper , combiner , or reducer from the class instance in the file " job - instance . pickle " .
take list of arguments and extract / create proper start , stop , and step values and return in a tuple
represent blaze expression with core data structures
write worksheet hyperlinks to xml .
utility function for decoding values retrieved from memcache .
get new derivation .
creates a connection to a postgresql database .
work around python bug # 5117 , which is not patched in
determine the best handler for the requested content type
execute the thorium runtime
compute the generalized hamming distance for a reference and a hypothetical segmentation , corresponding to the cost related to the transformation of the hypothetical segmentation into the reference segmentation through boundary insertion , deletion and shift operations .
categorize a dataframe with given categories df : dataframe categories : dict mapping column name to iterable of categories
filter items in dictionary by item > > > def isvalid : . . .
quote a single character .
parse a list of tokens as arguments made of a single token each , separated by mandatory commas , with optional white space around each argument .
a handler function used by interfaces to handle suspicious interface nodes
find absolute path to executable cmd in a cross platform manner .
return a new transform with an added offset .
run fit on one set of parameters .
returns the string wrapped in cyan ansi escape
a single locked forum in a category .
finds out os name .
create a unique url for this animated plot in plotly and open in ipython .
assign layer instance to the dynamic model .
check if the object passed is undefined .
given a parsed options object , connects to the database and returns a session .
rotate the points .
version of node . traverse ( ) that only supports instance checks .
the posform function uses simplified _ pairs and a redundant - group eliminating algorithm to convert the list of all input combinations that generate 1 into the smallest product of sums form .
ensure the named user is absent name
creates a cache key for models method method .
provides a capture _ controller that is already setup and automatically performs a teardown afterwards .
use netmiko to execute show version .
course settings for dates and about pages
download weekly bars from quandl for a given year .
this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
registers a source file to freesurfer space and create a brain mask in source space
write tag information from the database to the respective files in the filesystem .
given a scalar value or string , returns the minimum fits column format that can represent that value .
return tuple of strings containing python words for simple completion .
creates a row - matrix from multi - dimensional data items in list l .
validate the format and type of an rsa key .
setup the bluetooth scanner .
list available modules in registered powershell module repositories .
recursively extend the elemnet if it has an extension base .
derivative by arrays .
wang / eez : compute a set of valid divisors .
decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs .
check to see if a string is ambiguously named .
print a file thru the finder .
check if a given path is writeable by the current user .
get a user for the given id token , if the token is valid .
returns false if n is an euler pseudo - prime with base x , and
estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc = 0 .
segments image using k - means clustering in color - space .
retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . .
indicates if the similarity index between strings is * greater equal * than threshold .
test to ensure that the start _ line and end _ lines methods of htmldata returns the first line of table data .
delete an iam role .
subscribes a user to basket newsletters .
another wrapper method .
setup node deps for socketio server
returns the path to the given object .
returns a dict of old license ids , keyed by package id .
decorate a record - style method where self is expected to be a singleton instance .
retry a url .
get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
ensure a record exists name
recovery requests list
instantiate a der object class , decode a der binary string in it , and return the object .
creates a volumeencryptor used to encrypt the specified volume .
takes a key generated from nacl . keygen and encrypt some data .
return a list of resources owned by the user .
find the full path where we only have a relative path from somewhere in the tree .
validate a file instance .
wrap the middleware , so that it applies gzipping to a response when it is supported by the browser and the content is of type text / * or application / *
list all automatic os installation templates and link to their edit pages .
for multivariate linear model y = x * b
upload the current project to a remote system via tar / gzip .
the apiproxy entry point for a synchronous api call .
notify from rainbow
detects whether the program is run as an ordinary user or as root , and then sets defauts directories for packages , configurations , and sources .
returns default context as a dict ( )
bundled libzmq has curve support
returns a rugplot fig for a violin plot .
update max downtime if needed
get the total runtime of the server since first start
return the ovs port name for the given port id .
a view decorator that redirects configured locales to faq wiki page
checks if a database exists on the postgres server .
get port from database
returns specific properties of a managed object , retrieved in an optimally .
use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
add together all the stats for two profile entries .
return extension associated with specified extension _ id
deletes an existing pub / sub topic .
raise an exception if the container does not exist
stop the specified service on the rest _ sample
write zeros over the specified path
apply the derivative of the relu function .
as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 , 0 coords therefore we need to do some fancy calculations
given a string mapping values for true , false and none , returns one of those strings accoding to the value :
executes tidy similarly as from the command line .
recursive function to resolve multiple assignments on loops
returns the form plugin associated with the given group type .
returns the index of the first element in iterable that satisfies the given condition .
return the stopped services
returns an iterator over all of the blocks in a course .
this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
calculating first two order corrections due to perturbation theory and returns tuple where zero element is unperturbated energy , and two second is corrections n the " nodal " quantum number .
make sure exception is pickleable .
add arguments to an argumentparser or optionparser for purposes of grabbing a logging level .
returns the definite article for a given word .
renders a tarball to response , for use when sending a tar . gz file to the user .
create summary of an exploration and store in datastore .
define log record configuration parameters .
retrieve all quotas associated with a given quota class .
returns a domain object representing an exploration .
compute the gcd of terms and put them together .
check if country is allowed .
checks for conflicting urls
graph of the pixel - to - pixel gradient connections
writes the common header of a sff . txt file .
returns closest match or just first from possibilities .
for blocking / accepting domains .
get list of dates in between from date and to date
allocate eip invalid domain
get _ conf ( ) - > confparse object for core - site . xml
copies the subgraph contained between i and o .
this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file , parses it and saves the information into the knowledge base .
data to send to do a lasterror .
ask a prompt for an authentication question .
compares two numpy recformats using the ordering given by formatorder .
assign priority to the given sender
test plotting of raw psds .
calculates an encryption and a decryption key given p and q , and returns them as a tuple
break the pairwise matrix in n _ jobs even slices and compute them in parallel
make an absolute path relative to the projects settings module , which would usually be the project directory .
command : stop
validate the resource portion of a jid .
provides an : class : ~ stem . util . enum . enum instance where the values are identical to the keys .
compute f1 score
download an s3 object to a file .
re enter failed job in the download queue
joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently .
parses poller maps of tmp - > final file names
export the whole blocklist in json .
view previous entries
given a namespace of argparser args , extract those applicable to func .
format a number as friendly text , using common suffixes .
tries to force a new value into the same type as the current .
returns queryset of objects for which a given user has * all * permissions present at perms .
get all snapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot .
create an importer and exporter class from a transformer spec .
decorator that checks the fixture with signed dtypes .
list configuration options .
works like does _ tree _ import but adds an import statement if it was not imported .
helper function to build the url and open a handle to it .
stop a node .
deletes the specified mount target .
convert the sentiment info to json .
verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment
returns whether the call was done from pytest
evaluates stats _ fn on num _ samples bootstrap samples from data
resolve a multilingual user interface resource for the time zone name > > > result = resolvemuitimezone > > > expectedresulttype = [ type , unicode ] [ sys . getwindowsversion ( ) > = ] > > > type is expectedresulttype
decorate a function to be triggered on specific irc events .
return existing keyspaces
return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo
call c { hook } when module named c { name } is first imported .
ensure the route53 record is deleted .
recursively iterate over obj , supporting dicts , tuples and lists , and freeze dicts such that obj can be used with hash ( ) .
arceus normal - form icon - - same as base icon
a coroutine that runs a network server .
the age of the post - used for colour - coding markers of alerts & incidents
require the locale to be available .
test reading raw edf files with stim channel .
invoke 2to3 on a list of python files .
get the zones and offsets from configuration . yaml .
get a user from the database by username .
returns list of visible columns based on print _ hide and if all columns have value .
checks rpm - q for the named package and returns the installed packages or none if not installed .
determine if a polynomial is invertible .
plot a single mnist image .
extracts dask values from kwargs
maps keys for volumes summary view .
helper function to parse the output of pg _ lscluster
serialize a numpy array .
return the status for a service , returns the pid or an empty string if the service is running or not , pass a signature to use to find the service via ps
the main event loop that starts the server and configures it .
load a data set from the results directory .
initiate a traffic server configuration file reread .
computes the arithmetic mean of a list of numbers .
remove the value associated with the given key .
skip this test if required package isnt present .
return the fiedler vector of a connected undirected graph .
return the size of the dataset data .
converts newlines into and s
create a list of tuples representing edges between workflowsteps based on associated workflowstepconnections
only work on freebsd
compute frequency response of analog filter .
catch ctrl - c key sequence and set a shutdown _ event for our threaded operations
take a slice of any orientation through an array .
convert a unicode object to a string using the default encoding .
round the number to a given precision .
construct the tier tree from the zone layout .
return true if the coordination service is properly configured .
construct a hadamard matrix .
deal with changed time value .
enable / disable automatic update scheduling .
install the plugin .
sets the copy / paste buffer to text .
read the repository then set all the entities to the read repository values .
scan for available ports .
return a string listing hex without all the single quotes .
get gcsfilestat of a google cloud storage file .
creates a new router
return the path locations for the environment
perform server - to - server communication to retrieve info . json file in all subfolders of model store
update a containers metadata .
returns the absolute url to path _ name in the rtd docs .
detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
latex document generator depart handler .
starts a request with the provided request id .
setup the fixer . io sensor .
inverse of forrt .
check that the system has fully inited
three letter code to one letter code .
handle summations containing a kroneckerdelta .
returns a serialization statement for the given type .
return dict of roles with translation
handler for instances of pow .
check pandas index arguments .
migrate from new mexico to old mexico .
creates a directory for local repo if it doesnt exist , updates repo otherwise .
returns k samples of a random variable which parameters depend on data .
retrieve the zookeeper lock path for a given entity key .
add a bearer token _ to the request body .
returns a default initializer for weights or bias of a linear module .
get the path to the programs menu .
wrapper for error reporting
decode string according to rfc 2231
lists all repos .
pretty format tree entry .
look up an object in a git tree .
get albuminfo objects for a given id string .
takes a musicbrainz release result dictionary and returns a beets
given model params , figure out the correct parameters for the
returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course .
use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods .
determines if cache file has expired , or if it is still valid
figure out which object and which actions to take given the right parameters
iterator that yields tokenlists for each line .
provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification .
remove the filesystem information
finds participants that does not have corresponding elsewhere account have not been absorbed by other participant
get the tenant for the login being used .
application - layer user authentication protocols are vulnerable to generic credential forwarding attacks , where an authentication credential sent by a client c to a server m may then be used by m to impersonate c at another server s .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . deploy .
from one document or action definition passed in by the user extract the action / data lines needed for elasticsearchs
read data of a previous preprocessing run .
convert a string or a list of strings as order _ book _ id to instrument object ( s ) .
decode a message header value without converting charset .
get raw data .
checks whether the request of a response has been a head - request .
new service _ record form
decodes html entities in the given string .
fetch translations from transifex , wrap long lines , generate mo files .
check if all values in a sequence are equal .
accepts log - values as input , exponentiates them , sums down the rows , then converts the sum back to log - space and returns the result .
calculate an approximation for lim k - > oo a ( k ) using the n - term shanks transformation s ( a ) ( n ) .
gets the vm profile spec configured for storage policy .
exemplify repr ( see also str and rule . format )
helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled .
sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module
get a job queue .
retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields
get the cached info from env or memcache in that order .
delete short fragments of a collection of sinusoidal tracks tfreq : frequency of tracks mintracklength : minimum duration of tracks in number of frames returns tfreqn : output frequency of tracks
given a value for obj , write str and return it .
n322 - try to detect unintended calls of nonexistent mock methods like : assert _ called _ once assertcalledoncewith assert _ has _ called called _ once _ with
takes two datetime objects and returns the time between d and now as a nicely formatted string , e . g . " 10 minutes " .
identity request section 9 . 4 . 12
generate vertices & indices for a filled cube
perform the database operations inside a transaction .
given a sequence of * x * , * ylower * and * yupper * , return the polygon that fills the regions between them .
perform a ptr record lookup .
format host % x abbreviations .
sort tasks by status
read gene expression data from the file handle and return a record .
returns whether the forums permissions for a course have been provisioned in the database
return the given infer function wrapped to handle the path
convenience function to apply randomized rectify to a given layers output .
return true iff any a in args is a theano variable
test installing with - - compile on
determine if the argument is a ieee 754 positive infinity value
given a resource object as resource and a string or tuple representing a path as path ( such as the return value of
returns a new shiny class for the given enum type
generate the rst file for a given example .
add a pseudo pupy module for * nix payloads
return field definition class for the given type code .
test io for label + stc files
copy a big - endian unsigned 4 - byte int between files , and return it .
encodes string value from plain to base64 format > > > base64encode zm9vymfy
decrypts a stream of bytes from in _ stream to out _ stream using mode .
return the xdg _ config _ home , if it is defined and exists , else none .
shell jobber start !
returns a list of all enabled feeds .
fires after code is executed in response to user / frontend action .
convenience function to search a string for keywords .
create a radar chart with num _ vars axes .
compute the probability that the subtitle matches the video
put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
returns ~ pr [ outcome ! = winner ] .
write filtered input _ seqs to output _ seqs _ f which contains only seqs _ to _ keep input _ seqs can be the output of parse _ fasta or parse _ fastq
returns path to data dir for given component .
check if rbenv is installed
convert full lagpolynomial into a reduced , left side lagpoly array this is mainly a reminder about the definition
small configuration file management function .
set log handlers
gets travel distance and time for a matrix of origins and destinations .
read relationships for a workbook
initiate generation of a csv file containing all student answers to a given problem .
python 2 and 3 compatible version that do not raise a deprecation warning .
take a list of plugins and format it for the table on the ui
showfps - calculate and report texture size and frames per second in the window title bar
create a suitable context from a plain dict and optionally an httprequest .
for each subject string in the series , extract groups from the first match of regular expression pat .
return true if the character c is a hexadecimal digit .
get the recommendations for the explore section , and return them as a list .
needed for debugging on big jobs .
a decorator to ensure that any global state is reset before running a test .
issue a redirect : return an http response with a 302 moved header .
returns the number of original observations that correspond to a square , redundant distance matrix .
returns a new list of constraints with constant terms removed .
convert a list of articles utf - 8 encoded to unicode strings .
parse account key to get public key
convert the region of a wx . image bounded by bbox to a wx . bitmap .
return an html calendar of entries .
return routes information from osquery
get response for when transport = cli .
exports course drafts .
returns a authentication handler .
walks over all the names imported in a dotted _ as _ names node .
return any ranges that intersect .
returns list of tensor indices given their names and their types
render the contents of a panel
get objects of the type .
render a mako template to a string .
migrate location credentials for swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
gets a single gating milestone dict related to the given supplied parameters .
returns true if and only if the vertex v is connected to one of the target vertices by an alternating path in g .
returns the response that should be used for any given exception .
the import loop is designed to take untrusted data and convert it into the native types , as described in cls .
a period ( . ) leaf
parameter _ list : parameter _ list comma parameter _ declaration
return a string corresponding to given word , quoted using qtype .
simulate international translation by generating dummy strings corresponding to source strings .
uninstalls the application .
alias wrapper for getting options .
determine the path to the messages directory as best possible .
greek coins from pompeii .
datetime when the next job should run .
returns the sha1 hash of a given identifier cwd
create a new private link .
implement the subcommand to add metadata from a csv file
deletes / withdraws evpn route from vrf identified by * route _ dist * .
multiply two polynomials in gf ( 2 )
creates a new user .
computes the minimal composite index for this query .
create { category _ value : index _ of _ sample _ with _ that _ value } dict .
it creates a surface for an inline editor .
transform original meg coil positions .
check for suspicious rest constructs .
decode a base x encoded string into the number
converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc _ name to a slug - like label
ensure the specified endpoints exists for service name
executes the callable func , retrying on uncaught exceptions matching the class filters .
run periodic task dispatcher .
returns the device product identifier .
validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices
method for adding and removing users from the creator group .
returns true if the notes app is enabled for the course , false otherwise .
sets the value of a variable , from a numpy array .
return an iterator over the pairs of a dictionary .
retrieves information about a registered nameserver returns the following information in a dictionary ipaddress set for the nameserver domain name for which you are trying to get nameserver details status an array of status about the nameservers sld string sld of the domainname tld string tld of the domainname nameserver string nameserver to retrieve
return the data for the grid view for a conference .
return the middle index of a file
split a config line into a pair
non - blocking lock fixture .
multiplies the values in a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
return line numbers that are within multiline strings .
determine if a path list is crossing inside the x segment .
marks specified key of target qos specs as deleted .
externally implement c { _ _ reduce _ _ } for l { copyregistered } .
add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy . physics vector package .
calculates the standard error of the mean of the input array .
parses the output of zypper - - xmlout repos and return a parse repo dictionary
recursively copies a dict and returns the result .
returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries
separate filename content between docstring and the rest
get complex from prefixes and xml element .
set the named container to * not * be launched at boot
returns an innerproduct like representation for the given state .
get the int .
returns the intervals in the given domain for which the function is continuous .
get the size of a network .
generate random strings .
take a list of strings and colors and place them next to each other , with text strings [ i ] being shown in colors [ i ] .
write dataframe to castra on - disk store
determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
extend to update state _ changed time and fire event to update course creator group , if appropriate .
from a list of table instances get the merged output table class .
set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps .
converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
given : data as json , create the service on server
safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided .
return a list of pretty - formatted lines describing a failure , including relevant information about it .
representation function for text fields with intelligent truncation and preserving whitespace .
resolve an to an address .
setup bench for production
return the es version number as a tuple .
return the specified quantile ( s ) q of the supplied list .
compute the norm diff with the original matrix , when randomized
round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3
return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
establishes an instance of logbatchpersistor , used to manage the reliable upload of logs to object storage .
this is a backwards compatibility function .
gmail addresses with and without periods are the same .
helper to encode the provided data into base64 .
collects information from mapping file for easy use in following steps
returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
returns exact polynomial quotient in k [ x ] .
compare two images , expecting a particular rms error .
computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
romberg integration of a callable function or method .
parse the command line for options .
encode raw bytes into z85
run a python script using exec ( ) .
try to find out the versions of gcc , ld and dllwrap .
return info about a container . .
run tests for common / lib / and pavelib /
read the version from git describe .
read qr code , autoguesses size based on first line
removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used
set sysctl knob of ip _ nonlocal _ bind to given value .
updates the cookies that store the recently viewed products removing possible duplicates .
get the combined custom headers .
converts an xml string into a documentlistfeed object .
makes sure the result pointer is valid .
function for handling event colors .
get roles of current user
this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker
calculate the age difference between now and date .
returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file .
mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped .
translates an swa multipart / related message into an application / soap + xml message .
test if topic matches subscription .
reads a variable - length encoded integer .
generator to pull lines from a text - mode file , skipping the encoding cookie if it is found in the first two lines .
removes an element , but merges its contents into its place , e . g . , given hi there ! , if you remove the element you get
iterate on all words in a string
post to create one inventory .
create a builder based on an options object .
calculate statistics for use in violin plot .
turn a key stored in the database into a key or none .
automatically adjust image levels .
return a list with unique elements from sequence , preserving order .
update the event source mapping identified by the uuid .
converts an arbitrary object c { obj } to a string .
for every statement in a given policy , execute check _ statement _ func .
attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
get the currently active canvas
downloads a file from a url if it not already in the cache .
n - dimensional deconvolution function .
dayofweek = = 0 means sunday , whichweek 5 means last instance
utility function : return structure error
returns the node expansion of the set s .
convert an input value in cpu - seconds to megacycles .
verify that value is a string list or none
list all buffers in segment _ info format
recursive helper for trigsimp
set up the queryset and filtering for addon listing for dashboard .
change the default shell of the user
make a web call to gogrid . .
send all twisted logging output to syslog from now on .
checks and creates if necessary a default gui environment .
blast list of sequences .
return a wrapped version of file which provides transparent encoding translation .
decompose a path string into a list of subfolders
open a port on the server for workers to connect to .
return a copy of os . environ that wont trigger coverage measurement .
update the date / time on the given host or list of host _ names .
load quality scores into dict .
return a formatted string version of a datetime object .
get networks dns hosts in hosts format .
returns a new webob . multidict from a django . http . querydict .
resource header for items
create a function useful to handle text [ : : optional _ note ] values .
monitor dict of hosts to popen objects a line at a time timeoutms : timeout for poll ( ) readline : return single line of output yields : host , line / output terminates : when all eofs received
create a sparse indicator from a group array with integer labels
given a numpy struct dtype object an a list of integer offsets , with one offset per field in the dtype , returns a new dtype where each field has the given offset .
splits a task depending on a queryset into a bunch of subtasks of the specified chunk _ size , passing a chunked queryset and optional additional arguments to each .
this function is used in the generic list view to modify the page / column sort / number of items shown per page , and also modify the filters .
change how matplotlib color shorthands are interpreted .
return checker executable in the form of a list of arguments for subprocess . popen
decoder doing url encode .
wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown , reboot or logout pages , instead redirect to
a nice dp edit distance implementation from wikibooks : URL
enable a service
a function that calls : meth : pyramid . request . request . has _ permission and returns its result .
execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr , stdout , return code , and pid .
register the function as view .
find the next fast size of input data to fft , for zero - padding , etc .
returns a : class : fragment object based on the : class : analysis . token objects in tokens .
makes a scatter plot .
crop the given image .
return an html string representation of the document .
fetch translations from transifex , wrap long lines , generate mo files .
returns a byteenumfield with the right sub - types dict for a given community .
create a png file by writing out the chunks .
return a list of valid architectures found in the import signatures
manage the statuspage configuration .
display a plain text invoice for the given order .
list all overlays , including remote ones .
purge associations for the specified dns zone .
removes directories related to pycharm if it isnt going to be used
checks rules from the c + + language rules section of cppguide . html .
validate the configuration and return a bbox scanner .
return a set of remote ip addrs attached to the specified local port
submit fingerprints for the items to the acoustid server .
quick sort : returns a sorted copy of the list .
clears all the samples values from the configuration
non shared migration requires that the disks be present on the migration destination , pass the disks information via this function , to the migration destination before executing the migration .
part is a string of ipython text , comprised of at most one input , one ouput , comments , and blank lines .
list all drac users
get list of configured ntp servers
encode unicode body .
least common multiple of two integers .
removes packages with brew uninstall .
gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied .
transform a context object to a list of arguments that can be passed to
functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
uses network classes to guess the number of network bits
destroy the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
poll task status until stopped
log a message with severity warning on the root logger .
wait until the given path is loaded .
return a list of the images that are on the provider
return a mutable nodeset which is the union of all nodesets in iterable .
get a urlopen ( ) replacement that uses ca _ bundle for verification
returns the smallest primitive root or none
get xml text from xml text .
expand c { cipherstring } according to c { method } and c { options } to a list of explicit ciphers that are supported by the current platform .
only load if docker libs are present
ensure that a network is absent .
export all fields related to xblock _ item other than metadata and data to json file in provided directory
download appstats data from memcache .
convert the pdf into html using the pdftohtml app .
create a vdi record and returns its reference .
safely compute the log - average of the ais - weights
returns true if host or addrs is within specified subnet , otherwise false
assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing .
accepts json as a string or as a file object and runs it through the json parser .
puts each data field into a tensor with outer dimension batch size
restful crud controller
serves up a png image .
main doctest function .
showtells - - view all pending tell messages .
construct a config binding dictionary from a running instances baseurl .
resample an array .
restful crud controller for mobile commons sms channels - appears in the administration menu
returns the curl of a vector field computed wrt the base scalars of the given coordinate system .
test whether a path is a mount point clone of os . path . ismount fixed to solve URL and workaround non - fixed URL this should be rewritten as soon as python issue 2466 is fixed probably check for python version and use os . path . ismount if fixed to remove replace in this file ismount ( - > os . path . ismount ( and remove this function
the character quotechar should denote the start of a field which can contain the field delimiter and newlines .
set a new value for a specific configuration line .
retrieve _ id value .
returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument
this function is a generic print wrapper for arbitrary types .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for ethtools _ pppoe _ opts
retrieve recent messages from redis and
converts a queue id or name passed as the queue parameter to a queue object .
convenience function to save people typing out an actual obj . object call
return fs names based on folder names in osc directory
shades a dem using different v . e . s and blend modes .
copy files to a remote host through scp .
get logical volume size in bytes .
translate the vector3 path .
non - interactive demonstration of the clusterers with simple 2 - d data .
assign the group for the listed jobs
issue a deprecation warning for python 3 . x related changes .
start traffic server on the local node .
return the bcache uuid of a block device .
returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex .
return abbreviated implementation name .
convert a mutidict into a regular dict .
returns a string identifying the python implementation .
return the directory containing installed python header files .
writes a file to disk
validate google cloud storage options .
set a property on an artist object .
return the desargues graph .
attempts to convert a unicode string of unknown character set to a string .
alias for longest _ contiguous _ ones
returns the url domain name : URL = > en . wikipedia . org
convert a path or ; - separated string of paths into a unix representation
cast a numpy array to the default keras float type .
endpoint that the mailchimp webhook sends its data to
given a dotted name return the module part of the name : > > > get _ module _ part logilab . common . modutils
update host interface
calculate the vertices that define the position of the image as required by the obj record .
show a warning with the provided title and message .
used by erf / erfc opt to track less frequent op .
extract a capabilities list from a string , if present .
iterate over a gaf 1 . 0 or 2 . 0 file .
this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies , and in galaxy when a repository and its dependencies are being installed .
restful controller for outputs
start : a nest c
refer to figurefactory . create _ violin ( ) for docstring .
determines if a modules name belongs to a set of prefix strings .
use paramiko to change logging buffered configuration .
person rest controller - limited to just search _ ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions
choose best location from image location list by configured strategy .
get the plugins directory path .
add logs for commits from outside osf .
routine for finding powers of a permutation .
list all available namespaces .
renders an addon in json for the api .
return the current selection .
unmount all devices with mount points contained in root _ path .
converts to ascii .
parse the raw dmidecode output of a single handle into a nice dict
volume _ from can be either a service or a container .
completion for " rmdir " , includes only valid directory names .
builds a list of data that formsets should use by extending some fields to every object , whilst others are assumed to be received in order .
helper for various string - wrapped functions .
save image as a thumbnail with the specified shape .
disable the per - module cache for every module found in c { modules } , typically
convert choices into key / value dicts .
write a blob to a stream .
converts all sffs in dir to fasta / qual .
this redirects to whatever page on the wiki that the course designates as its home page .
return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable .
decorator to execute the given action function * before * the responder .
performs stochastic rounding with 1 bit mantissa for an addition operation and checks that the resulting array is rounded correctly
fqdn check with easyengine , for mail server hostname must be fqdn
get a kernel parameter .
imports all modules underneath base _ module in the module tree .
takes care of the twitter oauth authentication process and creates an api - handler to execute commands on twitter
remove nodes from tree
convert an int argument into high and low bytes
convenience function for opening an index in a directory .
strings must be in unicode to reverse the string strings are returned in unicode and may not able able to be converted to a regular string
run all tests
randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 , . . . , n - 1 .
return a list of current running pids .
write the exported version of a gcode file .
quick ratio comparison between two strings .
get loop inset from clockwise loop , out from widdershins loop .
a simple dialogue allowing read access to the file system .
returns a getter property with a cascading setter .
runs the application , and returns the application iterator .
check to make sure set _ linestyle works properly
generates the dihedral group of order 2n , dn .
close the kafka connection
checks if jasper can connect a network server .
gets the actor of a given action based on presence of a transmit to action
walk an unpacked eggs contents , skipping the metadata directory
create a png : class : image object from a 2 - or 3 - dimensional array .
run an aws command .
read a key from info response data and dispatch a value
generator of testcases for different filters / backends
provides the ipv4 mask for a given number of bits , in the dotted - quad format .
get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
extract and strip the header from the crx , convert it to a regular zip archive , then write it to target .
stores a sequence of model instances .
find a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g .
determine if there are any reviews of the received repository for which the current user has permission to browse any component reviews .
convert pid from hex string to integer .
tickets owned by current user
three outside up / down
delete a managed instance group .
create short _ urls for a list of docs .
return legendre coefficients for given x values in - 1 < = x < = 1 .
dummy to retain interface - compatibility with other operating systems .
older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way , such that all values for strings .
check if pysftp module is present
return a boolean indicating whether the element with css _ selector contains partial _ text .
downgrades the assets db at the given engine to the desired version .
delete an entry from an ldap database .
returns the memory size of the given object .
returns dataset from yaml stream .
returns the relative distance between two strings , in the range [ 0 - 1 ] where 1 means total equality .
add extra places to print output to , object with . write ( ) method is required
prompt a relaying manager to check state .
parses a set symmetric difference .
executes a partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
this function transforms general quadratic , ax ^ 2 + bxy + cy ^ 2 + dx + ey + f = 0 to more easy to deal with x ^ 2 - dy ^ 2 = n form .
redirect all warnings to stdout .
call a function in a simple thread , to prevent blocking
a helper function .
check that method name exists in interface and requires no parameters .
clean the url path
write sequence record to fileobj in fasta / fastq format .
normalizes every string literal to be of the form _ _ pyx _ lxxx , returning the normalized code and a mapping of labels to string literals .
return the sha - 1 hmac hash of the given key and string .
returns the right class for a given ntp packet .
get craft preferences value .
template settings for the setup co - application URL
get intersection loops .
yields closed issues given a list of issues .
decorator to implement debugging assertions
this method is registered as ofp _ error _ type _ to _ str method into ryu . ofproto . ofproto _ v1 _ * modules .
borrowed from the py lib .
convert url from remote to mirror url
inserting again will not cause any errors , so this is safe for multiple executions
returns the comparative or superlative form of the given adjective .
return a sphinx . .
essentially a step function .
a smarter { % if % } tag for django templates .
generate increasingly large values for use as the steps argument to retry functions .
return cluster sequence for the given threshold graph creation sequence .
ensure that the named index is absent
create a thin volume from given volume group .
lists all the nexusport bindings
send an action to a given channel or nick .
provides a command line interface to python after an exceptions occurred
put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip
project version list view
an alias for : func : pyramid . testing . setup .
add prefixed key values to dictionary .
default datalist item renderer for projects on profile pages
initialize the database
quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity .
test intervals against those published in gehrels 1986
setup a gpio as output .
disable the named sysv service from starting at boot .
add two 2d kernel arrays of different size .
set a value in a db , using a uri in the form of sdb : / / / .
used for http _ date and cookie _ date .
run the experiments described in the book .
set the given properties on an image and update it .
encode the number val and the extra data in the extra dict as an fvwi .
query the filesystem for the encoding used to encode filenames and environment variables .
given a sorted list of candidates , ask the user for a selection of which candidate to use .
computes the signal to noise ratio for source being observed in the optical / ir using a ccd .
return a string containing the major and minor python version , leaving off the patchlevel .
extends the current api , with handlers from an imported api .
return data for a bookmark .
clears the libvlc error status for the current thread .
get the fabmetheus tools directory path .
run infomax ica decomposition on raw data .
register a previously created service principal name
computes quantile estimates with the harrell - davis method .
convert a path to its source directory form .
set user password and
return the name and optional version number of a provision .
safely renders xml , stripping out nasty control characters .
checks if the target system has enough free space to copy or move a file .
expands the section and clicks on the new unit link .
creates a missing bucket in s3 if the s3 _ store _ create _ bucket _ on _ put option is set .
output the graph for texinfo .
ensure there are no snapshots in progress .
prevent libguestfs trying to use kvm acceleration
waits for a flow to finish , polling while we wait .
create a base class with a metaclass .
convenience function to make the rest api call for node creation .
set the state of the widget to normal if active and disabled if inactive .
template settings : skeleton designed to be copied to quickly create custom templates
replacement for django . contrib . auth . decorators . permission _ required which returns a more meaningful permission denied response than just redirecting to the login page .
return a list of changesets for the provided repository .
list available features to install
run periodic checks
list system fonts
adds user restricted access medadata to the document if applicable .
returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable .
check array a and b are equal with possible sign flipping on each columns
calculate the barycentric position of a solar system body .
return a node with many applications .
return a list of oslo _ config options available in glance artifacts
prompt user for a password .
display a horizontal bar graph indicating a percentage of utilization .
set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i / o .
a contextmanager that yields a simplepipelineengine holding a reference to an assetfinder generated via tmp _ asset _ finder .
obtain a password by prompting or from stdin .
this is a helper that fetches the configuration value for client in the [ hdfs ] section .
classify temporal sequences of float numbers of length 3 into 2 classes using single layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of the units
return a string that identifies the current platform .
execute the given template def , capturing the output into a buffer .
setup the miflora sensor .
set the default colormap to bone and apply to current image if any .
convert to ansistring
provides the number of bits that an ipv4 subnet mask represents .
returns a new dictionary with keys and values swapped .
returns true if the build file | build _ file | is either in | files | or one of the files included by | build _ file | is in | files | .
get all available regions for the ec2 service .
makes sure image has been imported from pil
suspend an instance instance _ id
discard rules with low accuracy .
helper method that escapes parameters to a sql query .
build the url for the paginator .
return fs names based on folder names in llite directory
expand the authorizedkeysfile expression .
make sure non - alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly .
delete a tag vocabulary .
check if gtype is enabled in section
replace vars in content portion .
gather spam statistics for a range of dates .
marks qos specs as deleted .
provides a cli for the demo .
given a coclass in a generated . py file , this function will return a class object which can be used as an ocx control .
retrieve the pid of the top parent of the given pid through a fork .
unmount a mounted partition
demonstrates lenet on mnist dataset
make a call that returns multiple times .
parse cli arguments and return a map of options .
a convenience function that retrieves inforamtion about a single model
get matrixsvg by transformwords .
populate a small db with some example entries .
get all available regions for the aws key management service .
kill all processes in the container without issuing a clean shutdown .
compute the kruskal - wallis h - test for independent samples
load a certificate from a buffer
download and extract the tarball from alexs website .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . deploy .
gated recurrent unit
decorator to update the instance _ info _ cache
a call to recv ( ) can return several frames .
search for artists and return a dict with an artist - list key .
parse the 150 response for a retr request .
it should not download files already existing in the scratch dir
sets the appropriate database for the ensuing model interactions .
compare two files , ignoring carriage returns .
return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible .
return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
offsets an array * y * by + / - an error and returns a tuple .
helper function that returns a datetimemanager object
retrieve the path through the similarity matrix s starting at .
linear momentum of the system .
read template settings pre and post django 1 . 8
cache info in both memcache and env .
designs are the interpolation of workflows and a single action .
encode a qurl suitable to pass to qwebhistory .
redirects to a post in a topic .
setup mqtt sensor .
converts a srt file into subtitles .
subtract sinusoids from a sound and approximate the residual with an envelope x : input sound , n : fft size , h : hop - size sfreq , smag , sphase : sinusoidal frequencies , magnitudes and phases fs : sampling rate ; stocf : stochastic factor , used in the approximation returns stocenv : stochastic approximation of residual
hlc does not like variable with . prefix .
generator that checks token stream for localization errors .
json with all keys camelcased
factory for model mappers .
handle a mod _ python request .
a naive synchronous version of get _ async
create a quota class for the given name and resource .
instruct the daemon to verify the validity of a resource record that appears to be out of date .
set up os pipe buffer size , if applicable
convert integer to two 8 bit bytes
dumps json for user - profile information .
revoke the challenge
add a version indicator to the given template .
subscribe to a list
argument preprocessor that converts the input into a pandas timestamp object .
logs a message at the debug level
show connections between 2 hidden layers .
get the numberofbezierpoints .
tweaked version of shutil . copy tree that allows to copy to current directory
retrieve gecos field info and return it in dictionary form
resolve message dependencies URL
convert dotted ipv4 address to integer .
return whether or not a file is hidden on os x .
run monte carlo for arma
rewrites a given pb2 modules .
tests the reactive behaviour of the arrowvisual properties
returns the list of entries that are present in list1 but not in list2 .
a bit like make _ loop , but when only the inner - most loop executes code .
saves the jupyter work _ notebook to write _ file
get untranslated strings for language
try to get backtrace as string .
return the load data that marks a specified jid
send out soap request to upnp device and return a response .
write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge gcode file , if activate vectorwrite is selected .
test that products can declare that they limit available shipping methods .
sets up logging for the bulkloader .
ensure configuration property is set to value in / usbkey / config name : string name of property value : string value of property
return a time struct based on the input string and the format string .
return a dict of environment proxies .
helper function to check for a presentation label for a policy element
read the version . txt file to get the new version string
return a path to flac binary .
make plugin available .
calculate io usage by comparing io statics before and after the interval .
cache roots _ legendre results to speed up calls of the fixed _ quad function .
determine if we are running on an amazon web services instance .
checks if f can be written as the logarithmic derivative of a k ( t ) - radical .
given a proposed doc path , try to see if theres a legacy mindtouch locale or even a modern kuma domain in the path .
same as abs ( a ) .
install a " package " on the ssh server
send a message on a socket .
satisfiers of an open formula in a first order model .
returns a random xsrf secret key .
anova table for one fitted linear model .
reload the named service
return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class
dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
extract the mac address from a modified eui - 64 constructed ipv6 address provided and use the iana oui . txt file to get the vendor .
extracts trusted ca certs from the system ca cert bundle
writes debug data to error stream
return streamlines of a vector flow .
add the value to the lists .
iterate over alignments , over - riding the alphabet .
return what would be written to disk
mocks a configuration file for use by the api handler .
mount the given root , start the builtin server , then block .
get the mongo options from salt .
get a list of the top overall terms
returns a tuple with the usb busses .
validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs .
completes pythons package manager pip
get whitening matrix for a set of data .
create a menu and set its title .
finds the token string after the browser is redirected .
each entry in the account and container databases is xored by the 128 - bit hash on insert or delete .
parses a named character .
list available eselect modules .
build tree hierarchy
list user accounts verbose : boolean return all information hashes : boolean include nt hash and lm hash in verbose output
pad the rows and columns of a 4d tensor with " top _ pad " , " bottom _ pad " , " left _ pad " , " right _ pad " zeros rows on top , bottom ; cols on left , right .
one - argument type ( ) builtin .
register language support with the manager .
convert a string media size , such as 10gb or 3tb into an integer .
highway convolution 2d .
takes plain text data
remove the < and > uri markers and the common uri prefix
dynamically loads all packages contained within thread backends module , including those by other module install paths
list all available packages , both installed or from remove sources
returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms : ax ^ 2 + by ^ 2 + cz ^ 2 = 0 .
ask the user to enter the password to this player .
retrieves the application indexes and their states .
get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server .
context manager for running bits of code while emulating an arbitrary stdin encoding .
updates the migrations and fixtures .
gets the tempo for a song
split both best individual and worst sets of fitnesses according to the median of objective * obj * computed on the set containing the most elements .
handle tool help image display for tools that are contained in repositories in the tool shed or installed into galaxy as well as image display in repository
rearrange service _ list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred _ types .
get the circle nodes from a path .
delete a value from a grain formed as a list .
generates landing page .
generate a resource fragment for a schema .
emit a raw memmove ( ) call for count items of size itemsize from src to dest .
a small helper to parse an rpm / repoquery commands output .
calculate the partition function p ( n ) , i . e . the number of ways that n can be written as a sum of positive integers .
removes the facebook id for profiles with the specified facebook id which arent the current user id
resize a server .
send command down the channel .
removes a 1 - dimension from the tensor at index " axis " .
return data in tree format that is suitable for json serialization and use in javascript documents .
calculate all pairwise comparisons with tukeyhsd confidence intervals this is just a wrapper around tukeyhsd method of multicomparison
wraps a given text to a maximum line length and returns it .
compute the skeleton of a binary image .
strip the count first slash of the path
generate 2 gaussians samples with the same covariance matrix
not found route
importable helper for multi - proc calling of artifactcache . insert on an artifactcache instance .
pre - call hook function for apiprixy _ stub _ map .
writes the dictionary containing the status of operations performed during the upgrade process into a json file .
add commas to an integer n .
copy an application archive , modifying the shebang line .
return true if the graph g is a directed acyclic graph or
a demo showing the training and use of a projective dependency parser .
return true if season , episode is at or above expected
call the : term : view callable configured with a : term : view configuration that matches the : term : view name name registered against the specified context and request and unwind the view responses app _ iter ( see
serialise link to external file
creates a local group , adds some members , deletes them , then removes the group
gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
check that service client names of get should be consistent
get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
converts an array to a new dtype - - if the itemsize of the new dtype is the same as the old dtype and both types are not numeric , a view is returned .
apply do to addends of rv that share at least a common absolute value of their coefficient and the value of key2 when applied to the argument .
get role sudo commands
create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes .
returns a function that takes in a course and reverse _ url _ func , and calls the reverse _ url _ func with the given reverse _ name and courses id .
given entity primary key as a reference proto , returns full name .
return the unresolved symbols contained in the hex _ code .
parse role attributes string for user creation .
a generic function for checking whether or not some node , user pair has an attached provider for archiving
convert an 8bit part of a mime mail message to quoted - printable .
ask the user to create a password .
convenience function to create and setup fake post requests .
filtered version of the organisation ( ) rest controller
verify a rsassa - pkcs # 1 v1 . 5 base64 encoded signature .
creates the default settings file , if it doesnt exists .
prepare axis obj belonging to axes obj .
go through the index list and compile results into a single object .
get the new certificate .
find all ascii - tables in output and parse them .
install a package using dism
minimal commandline tool to drive pimp .
prompts the user for a " yes " or " no " response .
creates a random dense design matrix that has class labels .
quotes a url if it isnt already quoted .
sets default pcap behavior to not try to use select ( )
get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
get the vertexes .
rereference selected channels using a bipolar referencing scheme .
retrieve an option defined by the given * checker * or by all known option providers .
parse a commit object from chunks .
compresses s with gzip and returns the result .
gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
convert from sif to datetime .
return the cached file name for a bucket path file
pickleable type check function .
set up the zamg sensor platform .
generate anti - aliased line pixel coordinates .
return the account page class with the specified id .
write a client library from a discovery doc , using a cloud service to file .
completion for " cd " , includes only valid directory names .
decode the given c { str } using the imap4 specific variation of utf - 7 .
load dictionary implied by yaml text into target dictionary .
execute svn return the output of the command cmd
load dictionary from . spydata file
preface and convert an svg text .
return a hex digest of string .
some pure python tests . . .
check whether we can resize the container image file .
given a devices path and a data directory , yield for all files in that directory
returns the string representation of the content of an array .
create a new figure manager instance
find all of the failing tests by looking for files with - failed - diff at the end of the basename .
sort key which treats empty timestamp as most recent
scan a video from a path .
click one of the " add new component " buttons .
flatten a list of dicts
return combination of bottom and top channels .
initialized configuration of polys module .
get the correct compensator for ctf coils .
delete a user from the specified htpasswd file .
partition all elements of sequence into tuples of length at most n
print a list of items
generate a set of hub sequences .
check config and view for the list of errors
destroy all limit quotas associated with a project .
get global or shop specific configuration from database .
return a valid string ssh public key for the user executing autoserv or autotest .
create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required
returns a pep 386 - compliant version number from version .
a helper function that throws jwterror if jwt is not set
euler numbers e0 . . en .
computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k [ x ] .
asserts that the html generated by the student _ view view is correct for the supplied block
permission denied handler .
task intended to run via command line to update all apps supported locales based on the current version .
parse the owntracks location parameters , into the format see expects .
handles cleanup when a session ends for the given client triple .
use morphy from wordnet to find the base form of verbs .
test working copy with sudo as a user .
remove sensitive data from the stackstorm config .
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a bandstop filter .
appends the plex home token to the api call if required .
amalgamates source files .
a valid skypename has been matched , now simply wait for the user to finish his message .
print out the data passed into the function * args and kwargs , this is used to both test the publication data and cli argument passing , but also to display the information available within the publication data .
get a specific sm backend config .
file to list format context .
return a eeprom parameter value
configure cache storage and patch requests library to transparently cache responses
the root directory for zipline cache files .
this is the main function , which takes the rarefaction files , calls the functions to make plots and formatting the output html .
a implementation independent way of checking for iterables
compress a directory into a tar . gz file
checks that the volume metadata properties are valid .
get shaft with the option of a flat on the top and / or bottom .
check if user has access to this descriptor .
if func ( ) evaluates to true before timeout expires , return the value of func ( ) .
create requested partitions .
run validation on a prototype , checking for inifinite regress .
simple hook to show download progress .
finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist .
this function returns a boolean indicating whether or not user has sufficient group memberships to " load " a block
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
mimics behavior of os . path . join on posix machines .
single decorator for adding script args
listen for state changes based on configuration .
yield distributions accessible on a sys . path directory
chamber a gcode linear move file .
initialize internal dbs using the pelican settings dict
return the time of last modification of path .
takes an iterable x and returns an iterator over it which prints its progress to stderr as it iterates through .
step 5 : show full question form .
set a new pre - amplification value for an equalizer .
lift the preface gcode text .
looks for the system default sr and triggers a re - scan .
get the path of the given module name .
select a proxy for the url , if applicable .
performs a metropolis - hastings accept - reject move .
we need configured tm for anything to work
searches the path for the given command and returns its path
simple command - line program for uploading a file from host to guest
allow options for the sqlalchemy database engine to be passed by using the prefix " database _ engine _ option " .
find if a coordinate tuple is inside a bounding box .
define a suite that deliberately ignores a test defined in this module .
converts basestring objects to unicode , using the given encoding .
transposes an image by either rotating or flipping it .
update a keys description .
setup the lg webos tv platform .
return x as a binary type .
performs the login routine .
return change over time for the requested metric
returns the mac address table on the device .
return a string containing information useful in bug - reports .
a context manager for temporarily mapping a sequence of host ndarrays .
an implementation of : meth : select . select that blocks only the current greenlet .
refresh the windows environment .
returns a process pool object
config handler for the " server " namespace .
decide whether two sequences are equal up to cyclic permutations .
stop a running machine .
string concatenation aggregator for the identifiers map
itemgetter with default handling , that * always * returns lists
retrieve server diagnostics .
get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
install a signal handler on signal to dump memory stats for the current process .
on windows when running without a console the std [ err | out ] file descriptors are invalid and start throwing exceptions when their buffer is flushed
returns the non - gapped non - stop - codon alphabet object .
check provided command
compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g .
return method function object
back up an old version of a file
create a title .
install certificates and private key required by a node .
et the byte size of a contiguous memory buffer given the shape , strides and itemsize .
test subunit output with no errors
send httpresponseredirect to logout _ url .
ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 5 . 0 .
computes the f score .
configure the dnf base object .
checks if value is a visible printable ascii string not starting with ! .
modify a record in a zone .
convert python litterals to theano constants in subtensor arguments .
check if a url exists without downloading the whole file .
loads a config file and registers any loader classes present .
given a valid region name , return a
scan a dovecot log line and extract interesting data
check that the currently logged - in has necessary permissions on the trigger used / referenced inside the rule .
download rsa public key travis will use for this repo .
pushes a new context to the current stack .
represent a prime p as a unique sum of two squares ; this can only be done if the prime is congruent to 1 mod 4 .
add loops to either the insides or outsides .
stmt : compound _ stmt
compute fbeta score
calculate the loss for policy gradient network .
create an instance role .
calculates p * log ( p ) safely for an array that may contain zeros .
test whether a path is a directory
return the number of levels in f and recursively strip it .
write worksheet data to xml .
test a line profile updating after an image transform
convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer .
return if the given class can be used as a metaclass .
spin until the parent vhd is coalesced into one of the vdis in the list vdi _ uuid _ list is a list of acceptable final parent vdis for vdi _ ref ; once the parent of vdi _ ref is in vdi _ uuid _ chain we consider the coalesce over .
pre - process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones
return a value for name from command line args then config file options .
takes an object filename and returns its corresponding hex sha .
check if a user exists .
retrieve an rsa public key based on a module and exponent as provided by the jwks format .
build the cache keys used for kumascript
test linux router
a forward - backward filter using cascaded second - order sections .
return true if host resolves
double backslashes within jinja2 expressions
validate that a value is not an empty string or whitespace .
ensure snapshot exists and has properties set name : string name of snapshot recursive : boolean recursively create snapshots of all descendent datasets properties : dict additional zfs properties . .
delete a postgresql database .
setup tellstick switches .
given a directory or a filename , find if the path can be made to resolve into a kernel , and return that full path if possible .
return hardware info for standard minion grains if the service _ instance is a hostagent type service _ instance
launch pylint gui from args
test that obj is an instance of cls ( which can be a class or a tuple of classes , as supported by isinstance ( ) ) .
helper function that wraps : func : json . loads .
return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch .
watch and rebuild if necessary
receives a serialized file for import .
create a tarball from a given path .
print information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a folder with depth protection
create a testcase for the validator of a specific certificate type .
shuts down the device .
add functions to dictionary .
splits an iterable into length - n pieces .
decorator for views that tries getting the page from the cache and populates the cache if the page isnt in the cache yet .
warn if dependencies arent met .
creates a pipeline that performs basic camino structural connectivity processing on groups of subjects .
leave the program after flushing stderr / stdout
returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
makes a naive datetime . datetime in a given time zone aware .
view the source of a file .
return a json schema for the given state function ( s ) . .
remove list from the dictionary .
get eog channel index .
return a tuple of .
compute the true discounted value function for each state , given a policy .
verifies that the signature matches the message .
attempt to determine the version of git currently installed .
verify that the specified ruby is installed with rvm .
inject js to help the alert creation form
show a single datasource in an organisation .
remove an lvm volume group name
returns false if primer contains any homopolymer > allowed length
run migrations in offline mode .
list subscriptions on a topic .
write networkx graph g to graphviz dot format on path .
check decimation parameters .
remove special characters and collapse spaces .
only load if boto libraries exist .
parse a fragment of a document , given the context from which it was originally extracted .
view decorator to verify the user is authorized to access this endpoint .
update the count of each type of discussion on an entry .
verify modules included .
all transitive dependencies of the contexts target .
convert a path to a 3d segment .
create and save a configuration file for the given cluster .
a heavily modified python standard library tokenizer .
get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service .
hack up environment for test cases .
calculates the fletcher - 16 checkbytes returned as 2 byte binary - string .
updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates .
separate out individual student email from the comma , or space separated string .
perform a txt record lookup .
returns the parametrized general solution for the ternary quadratic equation eq which has the form ax ^ 2 + by ^ 2 + cz ^ 2 + fxy + gyz + hxz = 0 .
returns the function to run for the test runner .
in this function will be raised dbduplicateentry exception if integrity error wrap unique constraint violation .
implements the logic for cert _ info - - split out for testing .
returns the shape of a tensor .
return a function with identical signature as original _ functions which will call the wrapped _ function .
create or remove pid file
process the xml element .
module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed
controller to store a document
subtracts two images , dividing the result by scale and adding the offset .
provide a testsuite to the discovery process .
checks whether any metadata is missing for the specified facility .
get and write a crafted shape file .
physical information section 9 . 1 . 28
list options for a certain task id
setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
returns an objects _ _ name _ _ attribute or its string representation .
set the alternate setting of the interface .
parse a time expression , returning it as a number of seconds .
this method either invalidate or re validate the sale against the invoice number depending upon the event type
convert cloudmetadataresponses to cloudinstance proto .
recursive helper function for getclasstree ( ) .
look up a mako template by namespace and name .
delete an rds instance .
return a list of all minions
register a custom account page class .
removes line ending characters and returns a tuple .
unserialize from s - expression .
test the forward pass op against theano graph implementation
return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the repository defined by the received name and owner .
helper function for pretty - printing an exemplar sentence for a lexical unit .
verifies the dimensionality of the var is equal to outdim .
called when a lease expires .
deletes the specified tags from a file system .
returns the union of all matching entries in introspection _ details for the field .
dump the current list of filehandles
generate a random regression problem .
run one or more named munin plugins
n346 - use neutron . db . api . sqla _ listen instead of sqlalchemy event .
print a thread stacktrace
scan the directory plugin _ path for plugin packages and loads them .
delete a users ssh key from the ilo
returns a wsgi - compatible function from a webpy - function .
compute gcd of coefficients of f .
return a formset for the given form class .
checks whether a string is octal .
an individual variable must be a single lowercase character other than e , followed by zero or more digits .
coordinates in the lower - left quadrant are inside the unit circle .
checks variable length barcodes plus sections of primers for dups header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data errors : list of errors
create a k by 2 contingency table for proportion helper function for proportions _ chisquare
checks for a c - style cast by looking for the pattern .
estimate cross - spectral density from an array .
internal interface to the flat page view .
quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a galaxy yaml tool file .
add a new value protobuf to an entity protobuf .
takes col states in { col : [ vals ] } format .
decide whether a particular byte ordinal needs to be quoted .
transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string > > > unidecode " bei jing "
issue update statements on behalf of a relationship ( ) which specifies post _ update .
finds a xontribution from its name .
decorator to the rate at which a function is called .
converts a set of rdfvalues into a set of export - friendly rdfvalues .
returns the string of a number formatted for the current language .
compute a string usable as a new , temporary filename .
set of all possible frame - specific attributes
this method helps you get access to linkedin api quickly when using it from the interpreter .
build a pyramid request , as if it was instantiated by pyramid .
returns a dummy matrix given an array of categorical variables .
sends a message to the admins , as defined by the admins setting .
kursawe multiobjective function .
cast a com object to another interface
turn a code into an image , save it and display it
converts numeric literals to use sympy equivalents .
a synonym for the : meth : . array . comparator . all method .
converts string to unicode , using in order : utf - 8 , latin - 1 , system encoding or finally what chardet wants
invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
find the path to an executable .
simple html page
take in data as a sequence of bytes , and yield it , one line at a time .
returns c { true } if c { kexalgorithm } has a fixed prime / generator group .
plot event related potential / fields image .
create a object that will be saved into the database based on options .
returns a l { codec . decoder } capable of decoding amf [ c { encoding } ] streams .
skew is third central moment / variance * *
return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation , created as a sub directory of the base temporary directory .
reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file .
test that the lower - level routine gives the snae number .
get the connonical hash for an account / container / object
use a specific warnings implementation in warning _ tests .
constructs the vertical bar that represents the color values for the mandlebrot set
creates a taguri .
write a julian - formatted date to a fif file .
return the checksum of a file
verify that the given package is installed and is at the correct version .
converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector .
convert a datetime to rfc1123 format .
make an initial pass across a set of states for insert or
worker thread that constantly receives buffers .
capture all positional and keyword arguments
runs the bulkloader , given the command line options .
convert a number to hex format
tests adding new suggestions to units .
return true if bytestores a = = b .
returns a divided by b , with any remainder rounded up .
get the well known file produced by command gcloud auth login .
returns the backup filenames for selected kinds or all if none / empty .
alias for pdbedit . managed
generates a change list for a single collection property change .
filter an image with the hessian filter .
splits a range of numbers into a sequence of trie ranges of the form .
tickets filtered by status
returns a tuple , both smaller than longest side , and preserves scale .
return the gzip - compressed version of the given bytes .
build software using a recipe .
get the details of the latest appveyor build .
render the template _ file , passing the functions and grains into the
get information on the database being used .
list the job submission history .
works an an appropriate ordering for the models .
retrieves information about the requested ssl certificate returns a dictionary of information about the ssl certificate with two keys " ssl " contains the metadata information " certificate " contains the details for the certificate like the csr , approver , and certificate data certificate _ id integer unique id of the ssl certificate returncertificate bool true to ask for the certificate in response returntype string type of returned certificate .
sets the schema version to most recent for a plugin when its tables are freshly created .
takes a steam store app id and returns a formatted string with data about that app id
loads a new context for the thread .
true if user has add , change or delete permission on any model registered as a snippet type
delete the given metadata item .
convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates .
check a given request host against a whitelist .
remove a gem source .
this function takes a string and returns either this string or a list of the coma - or - pipe separated elements from the string .
plot pairwise relationships in a dataset .
returns a docker - py client configured using environment variables according to the same logic as the official docker client .
put entry in dct .
return list of files that looks like a sequence , using regex
log an informational item in the meeting log URL
themes queue in list format .
find and return switches controlled by shell commands .
check apf status
test if proxies should not be used for a particular host .
mean of a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
create a companion matrix
dump a certificate request to a buffer
create a date locator with * numticks * and a date formatter for * span * in days .
creates a variant of the lenet model .
returns the last c arguments value by reference .
return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
returns true if given prefix is a string represent vpnv4 prefix .
detects if source is likely to be eval ( ) packed .
train a en - > fr translation model using wmt data .
wanted functionality from counters .
sends multiple mails in single connection .
task edit page
takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
return the algebraic connectivity of an undirected graph .
home a gcode linear move file .
the received change _ dict is the jsonified version of the changes to a file in a changeset being pushed to the tool shed from the command line .
attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
url encode a single string with the given encoding and convert whitespace to " + " .
wsgi entry point .
register the modules used by the filters / extensions as a trusted extension module - required by the default iis6 security settings .
prints the tree in preorder
encodes string to utf - 8 and then base64
return locale from the context , falling back to a default if invalid .
returns the html for the trophies awarded to a review request .
cdata inside tags like or
handles all functions for valid data fields header : list of header strings mapping _ data : list of lists of raw metadata mapping file data errors : list of errors warnings : list of warnings has _ barcodes : if true , will test for perform barcodes test .
to see all volumes in the cloud as an admin you can pass in a special search option : { all _ tenants : 1 }
retrieves the directories containing includes needed to build new cython modules with kivy as a dependency .
load a certificate revocation list from a buffer
designed to handle the most common use case for wait _ until : an object whose status attribute will end up in either active or error state .
get the default flavor .
return rootobject as a plist - formatted string .
remove a key / value pair from a section in an ini file .
rfc 2822 time formatter
loads data and split into 10 folds .
restful crud controller - unused
decorator to ensure that the method has all the required parameters .
invoke a function in the lxc module with no args path path to the container parent default : / var / lib / lxc . .
given an infile as an iterable , return the csv as a list of lists .
returns a dict containing the data in instance suitable for passing as a forms initial keyword argument .
compute the 2 - dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array .
shallow copy operation on arbitrary python objects .
bump cache for product
lists database roles .
allow specific ports in a zone .
get event for stack
handles global secondary index for the table present state .
stacks resource factory method .
wait for a process to complete
loads a component into the actions document
regular expression match for date based files
return the upper triangular portion of a matrix in sparse format
the cross power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
a dylib name can take one of the following four forms :
test with non 2dim input
check if an arch linux package is installed .
get connection args
utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
determine if the background color need a light or dark foreground color
stack sparse matrices horizontally .
cancel a queued background job .
delete size bytes of empty space starting at offset .
handle moving of admin widgets .
mutate an individual by replacing attributes , with probability * indpb * , by a integer uniformly drawn between * low * and * up * inclusively .
displays text with line numbers .
only return if ldap module is installed
template settings for maldives - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template
returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter .
add paragraphs to a text .
const _ ref : identifier
delete a directory if its present .
get the nma notification service .
disables production environment for the bench .
compute a minimal gsgs base , gens bsgs
samples n rows .
process a download that did not complete correctly
this decorator will apply the same function f to the mask of the clip created with f
return mac address corresponding to a given ip address
turn a single inventory into a dictionary .
error checking on routines that return geometries .
returns the feedback dictionary consisting of for the given sequences .
get list of datasets from provided dataverse alias
make sure we can select per - host proxies correctly .
set mavlink stream rates
create a non - dominated sorting of s on the first m objectives
calculate totals for a bundle
filter a table to its core observations table : the biom - format table object to filter sample _ ids : list of sample ids of interest for the core computation fraction _ for _ core : the fraction of the sample _ ids that an observation must have a non - zero count for to be considered a core observation
load an ecdsa private key and extract the embedded public key as raw binary data .
returns true if any of the plugins require a page reload when action is taking place .
function which very simplisticly detect if the provided value contains or is a jinja expression .
start watching a document for edits .
register a custom error handler for a too many requests error .
get astroid for on the given class node , ensuring it is a function node
finds all migrations for the given host + node that are not yet confirmed or reverted .
template settings for requests management - for philippines URL
return a cache object that can persist state between testing sessions .
bind socket to bind ip : port in conf
converts the type of lookups specified in a foreignkey limit _ choices _ to attribute to a dictionary of query parameters
raise configurationerror with the given key name .
try to import site specific symbol from site specific file if it exists
reads has _ prefix file and return dict mapping filepaths to tuples
alias to dbref , for players
tests projects are not created with reserved project codes .
arms vehicle and fly to atargetaltitude .
require a user and its home directory .
returns the decoded data until the first null terminator and all data after it .
return a version of the string escaped for inclusion in an
return a list of the vms that in this location
wraps a file .
run program [ args ]
encode a float .
scrub auth info from headers
get controls from coordinator xml
get loaded module details : size and submodules .
unpack filename to extract _ dir , or raise unrecognizedformat progress _ filter is a function taking two arguments : a source path internal to the archive , and a filesystem path where it will be extracted .
update volume type by id .
fetch the list of file names from s3 .
calculates rsquared residual , total and explained sums of squares
get a connection to a docker api based on config . get mechanism
will remove all validation results .
a more advanced 2d drawing interface for pil images , based on the wck interface .
utility function converts arg ( of type string , psobjectwrapper , or
base64decodes and unpickes its argument string into chops
to reduce docstrings from rawturtle class for functions
cross - correlate two n - dimensional arrays .
pauses test execution until user clicks ok button .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 .
a convenience decorator for event handlers .
beta function that creates an ohlc chart
convert a pandas index or multiindex into ticklabels .
get configuration value by shop and key .
return the file path as wine expects .
determine default project id explicitly or implicitly as fall - back .
turn any run of whitespace into one space .
return the frame object for the callers stack frame .
halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
returns the singular of a given word .
return a string suitable for use as a value in a range header .
return the status for a service , returns a bool whether the service is running .
supplement existing urlpatterns with corresponding patterns that also include a " . format " suffix .
adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager
enable / disable / stop a worker
converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array .
x is n * m matrix if axis is 0 , otherwise is a m * n where m is traincase number , n is the number of features
integration of hypertangent polynomials .
returns only those apps that are in django . conf . settings . lettuce _ apps
handler that supports param values from uris .
adapted from URL
decorator ensuring that the user has access to the workflow or coordinator .
bootstrap a ubuntu linux container
removes a user from the basket subscription .
activate a package if its inactive .
handler for term signal .
removes the definition of one flag from gflags . flags .
write an ica object .
ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and restart if set .
generic error message handler
returns true if the given writable file - like object requires unicode to be written to it .
replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding .
returns the cmd args for csf basic allow / deny commands .
perform a single request / response cycle , returning cookie : header .
gets domain object representing the contributions for the given user _ id .
print in color .
remove all references to covers from the opf
splodge a gcode linear move file .
check that the status or type values are valid .
output the given args and kwargs
creates an rpc object for use with the memcache api .
use iir parameters to get filtering coefficients .
update a security group .
return a list of all the glob patterns expanded .
mount an image
test the fix for # 3562 with confusing exception using comment = false for the commented _ header writer .
compute density of a sparse vector
parses table column names and types from specified sqlite table schema
considering the rows of x as vectors , compute the distance matrix between each pair of vectors .
returns the path of the large _ pdb _ shim . cc file .
check whether a file looks like a metafile by peeking into its content .
provides the ipv6 mask for a given number of bits , in the hex colon - delimited format .
checks if a given version and name of a cluster exists .
remove special - case constants from mul arguments and useless neg in inputs .
launches ssaha2 on the linker and query file , string ssaha2 output into the output filehandle
get the path to the the thumbnail
create the long _ description from other files .
takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
returns an expression of a discrete fourier transform as a matrix multiplication .
converts some common enum expressions to constants
finds the shortest path from s to every other vertex findable from s using dijkstras algorithm in o time .
shows all of the students which have due date extensions for the given unit .
profile update form .
returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
get preferred file name encoding
check that the batch gradient is correct
upload sample to windows vm .
this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
returns a list of ssl certificates for a particular user
cross platform relative path of a filename .
returns a list of top answers submitted to the given state in the given exploration which were mapped to any of the rules listed in rule _ str _ list .
returns a string containing the public key in pem format .
translate the points .
show details of a given cell .
validate and return a properly formatted website url .
average flowgrams according to cluster mapping .
creates a manager that subclasses superclass and adds behavior for many - to - many related objects .
creates a new ikepolicy
take a query in the form of a key / value pair separated by a colon and return a tuple of .
compute rq decomposition of a matrix .
deletes any file with a * . pyc extention without a corresponding * . py .
setup the demo climate devices .
returns the best - guess sender of an email .
test interpolation of data on to virtual channels .
find the starting point ( s ) of the extended gap
generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
get an argument parser to determine a list of packages .
generate report data as html
iterate over fastq records , yields seq id of each
moving window variance
helper function that wraps : func : json . dumps .
utility method for quickly recalculating user disk usage in postgres .
given a html string , converts paths in img tags to thumbnail paths , using mezzanines thumbnail template tag .
get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
download the front cover art for a release group .
wait on a subprocess and retry when interrupted
take a / proc / net / tcp encoded src or dest string
returns the indented parameter .
calculate population rho , homogeneity from corrcoefs using z transform .
export an ndarray to a pil object .
display the interpret dialog .
iterates over our defined collectors and performs the logic to determine if we need to spawn , kill , or otherwise take some action on them .
right zero pad value x at least to length l .
set course verified mode as expired .
find a directive of type directive _ name in directives
search for album matches .
read and return the contents of a text file as a unicode string .
find the value of the named slot in the given stack of slot data .
return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent .
convert a job to a dict .
set x and y appropriately and checks inputs
check the length of specified string .
check for asam fan - out driver configuration in master config file or directory and load runner only if it is specified
calculates whether n is composite or prime
method to check all paths have correct substitutions , used by other tests cases
return all enabled view extensions
a function that averages the * b0 * volumes from a dwi dataset .
import a module dynamically into a package .
i receive error mails encoded as json , this function converts the data into easy usable python dicts and pprint them
test whether we are inside an ipython notebook .
load thrift file as a module .
this is for aesthetic reasons , it will get the width of the largest column and rfill the rest with spaces
read in data used in tests
runs a command in an out - of - process shell , returning the output of that command .
sets the http proxy settings , only works with windows .
write the core properties to xml .
lock an instance instance _ id
return boolean series / array indicating whether each string in the
url encode a single string with a given encoding .
low - level utility function used in calculating a shape for an implicit output array .
same type as str , but indicates string represents a directory path .
computes a markov chain associated with a discretized version of the linear gaussian ar ( 1 ) process y _ { t + 1 } = rho * y _ t + u _ { t + 1 } using tauchens method .
return tuple of base classes in method resolution order .
simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph
remove white - space on topo matching .
create and return a temporary file with custom prefix
pre - process request to handle mass action form for messages
the proposed residual block from [ 4 ]
get the clipboards text on os x .
stubbed out enrollment data request .
view all the forums .
this function computes the principial cube root of arg , so its just a shortcut for arg * * rational .
get a value for a specific augeas path
set global variable * name * value to * value
determine if a vector is at the origin .
return the list of users that are following the given group .
increment the line number of the dict content when needed .
builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
get the complex polygon by start and end angle .
reads affymetrix cel file , version 4 , and returns a corresponding record object .
returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing .
context manager to set state of garbage collector to state
returns true if command is call to one of passed app names .
for each contact in " contact _ dicts " that has an identity attribute , validates the identity key format .
verify addreferencetofileandpath picks up the path specified , not some arbitrary assembly somewhere in your path already
set the stubs in mapping in the db api .
format provided data to a dictionary format compatible with
critical function for choosing the best available language for a resource , given a target language code .
add git based permalink id to content metadata
add the path around the grid point .
decorator for methods doing database operations .
return structure like : # translation independent information .
get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
return rss memory usage as a humanized string .
cast bytes or unicode to unicode
helper to get some starting data .
the basic autocompletion logic .
validate that the minimum configuration is present for autoscaling .
returns the pid of a process instance .
uninstalls one or more packages if installed .
get a proper promo .
yield each version properly formatted for console output .
validate a finnish business id .
import csv using data import tool
returns a query with sorting / pagination criteria added .
gpu convolution using cudnn from nvidia .
return all namespaces
return size randomly selected bytes as a string
test the color of each quadrant by picking the center pixel of each quadrant and comparing it with the reference color .
rotate image 90 degrees clockwise
configures the logging of utilities in the user - agent .
create a new figure manager instance
transform a color from the hsv space to the rgb .
check to see if tuned - adm binary is installed on the system
test probabilistic low rank estimators .
tab - completion : where the first tab completes the common suffix and the second tab lists all the completions .
translates a phrase , with an optional language hint .
processes returns a list of all active processes running on this computer and their creators .
converts an integer to its ordinal as a string .
convert a log entry resource to the native object .
returns a class from a string including module and class .
repeatedly accept http connections on a server .
register extension with collection of admin extensions .
find the full dotted package name for a given python source file name .
entry point for grt statistics collection .
transform a : class : pyramid . response . response object into a serializable dict .
export a gcode linear move text .
wrapper for colorize
check if these two filenames belong to the same module .
rewrite all the links in the document .
returns true if found is at least as high a version as minversion .
iterate over each item in the set and add its parent directories .
set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication .
return the hierarchical clustering of the data sets rows .
applies shell globbing to a set of directories and returns the expanded paths
return the number of " significant " text characters in a html string .
reinstall a ruby implementation ruby
create a new jinja2 environment .
some sensors read " disabled " .
url decode a single string with a given decoding .
convert string into a list of texts and numbers in order to support a natural sorting .
convert elements of a sequence to standard form .
unixtime is seconds since the epoch
api to handle commit hooks from github .
parses opts and generates a list of master addresses .
test with dict data - > label comes from the value of x parameter
select which version of visual studio projects to generate .
callback - oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
parse / etc / os - release and return a parameter dictionary
return the block device mapping : . .
inclusive prefix sum within a single block
determine whether the given string represents an ipv6 address .
initialize the ipython notebook display elements
returns an iterator over the lines in the file at the given path , stripping comments and decoding each line to unicode .
convert a string to a number .
returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples .
gets the expected cost category of a short number .
apply the proper encoding to all email fields .
returns default address name for the given doctype , name
get float from prefixbegin , prefixend and xml element .
import the plugin module _ name from plugin _ path , add it to modlist and adds its name to modnames .
removed the layer from any associated map , if any .
return the renderer object for the renderer renderer _ name .
wrap c { f } in a callable which suppresses the indicated warnings before invoking c { f } and unsuppresses them afterwards .
clone the given plugin into our plugin directory .
format metrics for the carbon pickle protocol
test to make sure the class soupstring behaves properly .
delete an elasticsearch repository
generate an rfc - 6238 time - based one time password .
build prerequisites table from rules
set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file - like i / o .
filter out all users who signed up via a microsite , which usersignupsource tracks
displays a float to a specified number of decimal places .
babel extraction method for jinja templates .
convenience function to join the temporary directory path with the provided arguments .
pull the status message from the database .
remove one or more portage packages .
returns a scope object for the given code
retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address , and return it as a pem - encoded string .
client - side websocket support .
builder for rebulk object .
test es2 gl backend for full functionality .
manual synchronization of a repository
show profile of a specific user
returns a uniformly random tree on n nodes .
rap - music source localization method .
creates an array of pointers to matrices
retrieve the given oid
perform one json rpc operation .
renders a diff comment fragment expansion link .
make sure the specified table exists with the specified schema name
using the win32 api , determine if the user with token user _ token has administrator rights .
request the application to be automatically loaded .
remove mako template lookups for the given namespace .
save the history file
get the vector3 .
look for template macros and populate param _ dict with these .
expected inclusion _ only _ unlimited _ args _ _ doc _ _
imports an object specified either directly or as a module path .
ensure that a volume is set as attached .
return a file descriptor from a file object .
returns a list of all fasta labels that are not a subset of the tree fasta _ labels : list of fasta labels tree _ fp : tree filepath
run bulk build on poudriere server .
calculates the corpus level chrf , it is the micro - averaged value of the sentence / segment level chrf score .
return true if we are to ignore the specified ip .
calculates a spearman rank - order correlation coefficient and the p - value to test for non - correlation .
acquire a mongodb client from the pool .
get weighted normal .
send a wm _ settingchange broadcast to windows to refresh the environment variables
returns the score for a problem , as a problemscore object .
creates a cross table from a drilldown .
returns an iterator containing no results .
convert an object in a tuple of strings
return iterator in which the signs of non - zero elements of t and the order of the elements are permuted .
generate a csv file containing the detailed information about the xblocks available per course
sets the global tf session .
elementwise sin function .
create the ir _ module _ category entries for some categories .
flip image vertically
the panedwindow widget allows the user to interactively manipulate the sizes of several panes .
get query words
ask for a directory , and return the file name
this will build a regex tuple for any object , not just from those with sdesc / recog handlers .
run the selected tests , or all tests if none selected .
return the progress and the percentage .
format x as [ - ] d . ddde [ + - ] ddd with digs digits after the point and exactly one digit before .
get all non - deleted volume _ types .
hook that is ran when old api name is used .
represent a list of integers as a sequence of ranges : ( , , . . . ) , such that the original integers are exactly those x such that start _ i < = x < end _ i for some i .
get a classname from an object .
recursively sets ctx to ast . store ( )
serialize obj and format for output
makes sure attributes does not contain any attribute not listed in goodattributes
open the file pointed to by path with the specified mode .
adds an inline definition to statement .
construct a l { team } that spawns threads as a thread pool , with the given limiting function .
get all groups for a specific project _ id .
create cow image
constant _ expression : conditional _ expression
find the indices of the n smallest values of a numpy array .
take whats in hashes . pkl and hashes . invalid , combine them , write the result back to hashes . pkl , and clear out hashes . invalid .
return a filter to check if a cg has volumes .
return true if the url belongs to the given spider
creates a directed graph d from an undirected graph g to compute flow based node connectivity .
get information about available memory .
get the telegram notification service .
creates the url for handlers that use course _ keys as url parameters .
this function handles authorization : digest values
check a named value return a dictionary containing associations
returns true if all connections support transactions .
escapes characters that are special to the the sql like expression .
identity function if arxiv id has no version , otherwise strips it .
load the filenames and data from the 20 newsgroups dataset .
return the start and end offsets of function body
simplified controller to select a project and open the list of open tasks for it
get hostname from cache node
returns a winsorized version of the input array .
add auth if the url doesnt currently have it .
return a fixed frequency datetime index , with day as the default frequency
external _ declaration : declaration
re - cache the given instance in the idmapper cache .
setup the host objects and return the update function .
returns true if the linkage passed is monotonic .
iterates over edges in a beam search .
return a driver function that can advance a repeated of values .
return a boolean array for a brush with the given shape and style .
return list - copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default - category
find the n largest elements in a dataset .
seek forward 1000 units at a time
removes all values of arg from the given string .
format url suitable for source stage
escape values special to javascript in strings .
return a short , 7 - bit - safe representation of a hash .
computes cos of x element - wise .
decorator that converts a function into a filter : :
return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol
purge an organization .
clear out divisions where required components are not present
separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list .
converts a time in seconds since the epoch to usec since the epoch .
returns true if the given user cert was issued by the ca and if certs common name is equal to username .
check to see if a virtual server exists
add a permission to a user .
function decorator to wrap a function that sets a namespace item .
performs a random spatial shift of a numpy image tensor .
return a dictionary for the current database position
maps the e - series volume to host with initiator .
warn if dependencies arent met .
create an email on the remote backend .
parse an xml string using minidom safely .
start a server instance .
test problem dent .
return hours as days .
given a location , schedule the deletion of an image location and update location status to db .
decorator for views that tries getting the page from the cache and populates the cache if the page isnt in the cache yet .
sets up masquerading for the current user within the current request .
guesses the client address from the environment variables
test if the attribute given is an internal python attribute .
compute shortest paths between all nodes .
in python 2 this is not supported and always returns none .
simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host .
collect tests and return them .
autenticate the given request using the http basic access authentication mechanism and the given username and password
method to detect if csp policies are specified for script , to allow use of the javascript " eval ( ) " function .
the price of a single op in micropennies .
sets the currently - active dashboard and / or panel on the request .
a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
validates that this string does not contain any possible characters that are indicative of a security breach .
returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods .
creates an absolute media path url .
read a ed25519 signature file created with openbsd signify .
return information about a process .
deletes a blob from the bucket .
view for toggling watch mode for a node .
returns a string formatted from n strings , centered within n columns .
p - value correction with false discovery rate .
counts the number of sprintf parameters in a string .
creates the url for the given handler .
scan a postfix cleanup log line and extract interesting data
fuse getitem with lower operation
find what actions need to be taken to deal with changes in dataset manifestations between current state and desired state of the cluster .
generate a sample from the intermediate distribution defined at inverse temperature beta , starting from state nsamples .
return true if the pipeline exists and the definition matches .
add given tenant to the flavor access list .
parse the incoming string .
outputs a debugging message
given a string in snake case , convert to camelcase
compare two lists of ndarrays s , t : lists of numpy . ndarrays
given a dict of mappings where the values are lists of
expands a { key a + b + c } syntax into a + . . .
closes review requests as submitted automatically after a push .
return a dict describing specific group _ type .
return a dictionary representation of mixing matrix .
move tasks by matching from a task _ name : queue mapping .
generate c pre - processor options as used by at least two types of compilers : the typical unix compiler and visual c + + .
take a string like 08 : 00 : 00 and convert it to a unix timestamp .
hook up two ovs bridges .
search documentation and append to current buffer .
formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
cm service request section 9 . 2 . 9
return the ring status in a structured way .
return * true * if * c * can be converted to * rgb
turn a prediction into 1 - hot encoded samples .
parse results from systemd style commands .
helper to get the freesurfer lut .
default 404 handler , which looks for the requested url in the redirects table , redirects if found , and displays 404 page if not redirected .
get whether or not the keyboard should be disabled when the x serve enclosure lock is engaged .
return a single course identified by course _ key .
given an instance of a python spatial _ pooler return an instance of the cpp spatial _ pooler with identical parameters .
returns a list of matching locations
ping the server , returns false on connection errors
resourcetypeassociation resource factory method
handle irc cli
only load if the zenoss execution module is available .
returns a short , mostly hexadecimal hash of a numpy ndarray
assert text starts with substring .
return local minimum of an image .
compute the entropy of a byte at a given offset
default datalist item renderer for skills on the hrm profile
provide access to stub objects useful for testing .
return the display - safe contents of a repository file for display in a browser .
read the checksum .
create a new webhook channel .
get the current package directory .
get the virtual server rules
restful crud controller
takes a location and returns a son object that will query for that location by subfields rather than subdoc .
convert a dictionary to a list of dictionaries , where each element has a key value pair { id : key } .
list profiles for user user : string username default _ hidden : boolean hide default profiles
list all available locations
change the full name of the user
this method takes one or a list of id _ or _ symbol ( s ) as argument ( s ) , to update the current subscription set of the instruments .
load the beacon modules
modify database using alter database % s character set % s
get seconds since epoch .
tricomi initial guesses
makes sure that whenever scale is zero , we handle it correctly .
generate unsigned int from components of ip address returns : w < < 24 | x < < 16 | y < < 8 | z
from the result of a l { deferred } returned by l { iresolver . lookupaddress } , return the payload of the first record in the answer section .
return an absolute url matching the given view with its parameters .
returns a tuple of unique operators .
makes sure if duplicate basenames are not specified in the source list .
setup the influxdb component .
calculates the nth moment about the mean for a sample .
create a single vm from a data dict
get information about available memory
return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
force release a collection of hosts from user
multi - threading vs async - io vs regular
create a file system on the specified device
enqueue the event
returns the maximum of an array along an axis ignoring nan .
the first time this is called , determine what kind of pager to use .
get the old default
takes a list of paths and tries to " intelligently " shorten them all .
issue a warning .
return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a
generator in client side should extend this generator
given a dictionary that represents a " long " imdb title , return a string .
returns a bounded semaphore object
return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by bindings with its binding .
given a model params dictionary , create a cla model .
make a collection of scenarios for testing pidlockfile instances .
make request to backend storage node .
compile the model .
the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
if args is a list of a single integer or number token , retur its value clipped to the 0 . . 1 range
displaying a version of an existing image according to the predefined versions settings .
write the supplied string with the given write function like write ( s ) , but use a writer for the locales preferred encoding in case of a unicodeencodeerror .
check the filesystem for existing files
if the user has a non - english locale set , returns a
internal helper for raising documenttoolarge .
create translation model and initialize or load parameters in session .
setup the dovado platform for sensors .
create a default credential resolver .
returns a list of dictionaries with the folders contained at the given path
return a list of tuples .
an opening tag , like
return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
build a flow dictionary from a residual network .
create a new group .
generates a gantt chart in html showing the workflow execution based on a callback log file .
returns a dictionary containing all emojis with their name and filename .
assert json response has the expected status _ code , body , and headers .
waits for a volume to reach a given status .
produce a between predicate clause .
create a new figure manager instance
return a new , unique abstract namespace path to be listened on .
for historic documentspamattempt , set to review _ unavailable .
compute expression against data sources .
replace string or full line matches in switchs running config
compute an encryption key to encrypt / decrypt the pdf file
issues an http redirect to the given relative uri .
parses and validates the - - descriptionfromfile option and executes the request
parse the passed relators .
recursive function to find most recent valid timestamp in the future
check if the given regular expression matches the last part of the shebang if one exists .
prints usage information and exits with a status code .
checks if there are keys missing in a given config dict , and if so , updates the config file accordingly .
and the last wrapper method .
reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx , sample _ names .
restful controller for organisation
loops through the addresses , collapsing concurrent netblocks .
registers commandhandlers for interacting with stackdriver .
helper function to run machinectl
escape and quote an attribute value .
default function to generate keys .
send a private message .
return the path to the appropriate hosts file
collect all bears from bear directories that have a matching kind matching the given globs .
format the password and salt for saving
make list of computenodestats .
test whether a numpy . ndarray contains any np . nan values .
remove html tags from text
run the bokeh tests under the bokeh python directory using pytest .
wait for the specified port to become free .
get the serviceresultparser using the auto - detect init command .
update qos specs .
compute connectivity from distances in a source space and time instants .
get all rules for a given instance .
get console font properties depending on os and user options
print the modifications to an item and return a bool indicating whether any changes were made .
roughly equivalent to [ func for i in index ] .
destroy the backup or raise if it does not exist .
delete favorite and put favorite _ info object in response .
sets the user to be the task user , then unsets it .
add new ordered product
views the graph g using the specified layout algorithm .
parse a document from a string , returning the resulting
extract the block of code at the top of the given list of lines .
convert a value that may be a list or a string into a list .
delete a worker .
when you re - float something it would be preferable to have it use the previous float size
check that tempest . lib should not import local tempest code
modify an existing job in the schedule
returns a delayed response
split the raw load into list of headers and body string
convert integer into bson timestamp .
returns a rendered snippet for a embedded resource preview .
get all available lighting devices .
return the compile contract code .
return the pluralization suffix for " count " item ( s ) .
default index page
this is algorithm 2 . 2 .
pads each sequence to the same length : the length of the longest sequence .
construct a float64overwrite with the correct start and end date based on the asof date of the delta , the dense _ dates , and the dense _ dates .
create an item via pcs command item config , property , resource , constraint etc .
update the fields on the user model and connects it to the facebook account
get the path separator for the current operating system .
load a image and return the channel of the image
noop string - > string coercion
generate an icinga2 certificate and key on the client .
return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion
find a noncovered zero and prime it .
take a * fileobj * correponding to the given path and returns an iterator that yield chunks of bytes , or , if * path * doesnt correspond to a compressed file type , * fileobj * itself .
retrive the file name and line number immediately after where this function is called .
convert to cygwin path if we are using cygwin .
set the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server .
find sample size to get desired confidence interval length
check if caught exception represents eintr error .
get a pointer to the underlying function for a ctypes function as an integer .
determine if a pywintypes . error is telling us that the given process is not a valid win32 application , i . e . not a pe format executable .
generate meta information for export
compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert _ array _ equal .
creates the output filename .
sends a reset password token to the user .
given integers x and m , m > 0 , such that x / m is small in absolute value , compute an integer approximation to m * exp .
wraps a function so that it swallows exceptions .
proximity operator for l21 norm .
krippendorffs interval distance metric > > > from nltk . metrics import interval _ distance > > > interval _ distance 81
set the stubs in mapping in the db api .
decode length 8 barcode
return mac address corresponding to a given ip address
custom decorator to restrict non - login access to views sets g . user to the successfully authenticated user
returns the global instance of a subsystem , for use in tests .
helper function that looks up syslog _ config keys available from vsphere . get _ syslog _ config .
create a comment .
dynamic imaging of coherent sources .
gets the default gs bucket name for the app .
makes a generator send the event event every time it yields .
load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
copies document to a document _ pb . document protocol buffer .
validate snapshot name and convert to snapshot id
return the font encoded in the mobi font record represented by data .
process options passed either via arglist or via command line args .
virtual field for project _ time - returns the date of the monday of this entry , used for project time report .
provides the unix timestamp when the given process started .
returns mean of non - none elements of the list
redirect to the same url but with a slash appended .
returns the selected language catalog as a javascript library .
print a log message to stderr .
return a numpy array view over the data pointed to by * ptr * with the given * shape * , in fortran order .
compute induced power and phase lock .
read the metadata . kfx file that is found in the sdr book folder for kfx files
compute gradient of the least - squares cost function .
computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
get a signature key .
release bogus eip
returns html with inline css if the css file path exists else returns html with out the inline css .
provides the user a process is running under .
test conversion of vertices to mni coordinates
return the configured database password .
return a token for the backend of annotations .
adds new comment .
get float lists by paths .
append current experiment state to trace file .
attempts to find metadata for a single track .
return a sqlalchemy engine .
returns a new dictionary with keys and values swapped .
returns a decoder for a group field .
helper function that returns a list of physicalnics and their information .
compute a unique name for code for caching .
transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode .
creates a string out of an array of bits
generate name of and cython code for a fused type .
time a single cone search using astropy . utils . timer . timefunc with a single try and a verbose timer .
raise typeerror if x is a str containing non - utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
return a set of objects representing the elliptic curves supported in the
upload a file - like object to s3 .
reset the cuda subsystem for the current thread .
escape some chars that cant be present in a xml value .
paste deploy interface for : class : cgiapplication
login callback which invokes the remote " foo " method on the perspective which the server returned .
get a set of dates as a list based on a start , end and delta , delta can be something that can be added to datetime . datetime or a cron expression as a str
create the required tables for pull queues .
return true if the prefix is under root and root is not writeable
locate table objects within the given expression .
locate an object by name or dotted path , importing as necessary .
get a series of benchmark returns from yahoo .
chebyshev type ii digital and analog filter design .
pick the libvirt primary backend driver name
create a new instance type .
test sensitivity map computation .
try to guess whats the os vendor .
return image inside a qlabel object
convert path relative to : confval : local / media _ dir to local track
try to flatten the given node list into a single string .
creates a subsystem instance for test .
add contributors to a node .
virtual extensible local area network - creates vxlan tunnel between endpoints .
hack some _ class to log all method calls into fname file .
octopart - - search for any part on the octopart database .
reads in a template file for monit and fills it with the correct configuration .
set the attribute dictionary to the arguments .
return a list of child comments for the given parent , storing all comments in a dict in the context when first called , using parents as keys for retrieval on subsequent recursive calls from the comments template .
make a list out of an argument .
retry to execute function , ignoring eintr error
paginate a modm query .
return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
teardown ; part of gmond interface
return a normalization class that can be used for displaying images with matplotlib .
input the predicted results , targets results and the number of class , return the confusion matrix , f1 - score of each class , accuracy and macro f1 - score .
returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource .
returns the message storage on the request if it exists , otherwise returns user . message _ set . all ( ) as the old auth context processor did .
only load if the mfs commands are installed
return a synthetic user id from an email address .
reshapes the variable x by keeping the first outdim - 1 dimension size ( s ) of x the same , and making the last dimension size of x equal to the multiplication of its remaining dimension size ( s ) .
yield possible egg or source distribution objects based on a filename
show the details of an existing snapshot .
generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
ensure a team is absent .
count objects tracked by the garbage collector with a given class name .
split out the symbol : sid mappings from the raw data .
publish messages to a topic .
simulates a head request to a wsgi application .
extract all least squares problems in this file for benchmarking .
remove file or directory .
test whether an object is a valid domain operator .
expands given arrays .
runs a function inside a datastore transaction .
this is an auxaliary function that calculates nonce value .
ask the user if they would like to perform the action
output structured text format .
installs packages from files , but does not update installed . lst files .
to set the name of the device .
create and initialize a astroid function node
mako filter that escapes text for use in a javascript string .
reset the locale field for all translations on existing extensions .
check if files in core / storage have changed and returns them .
provides our - - help usage information .
return the nested list of christoffel symbols for the given metric .
compute logistic loss for classification .
initialize mqtt server .
returns a zip archive of the exploration .
n - dimensional convolution function .
try to apply the pattern to all of the string , returning a match object , or none if no match was found .
helper to create an initialized variable with weight decay .
checks if a database exists in influxdb .
auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity
update a state using the zoneminder api .
write a chunk to file and update the progress bar
get the value of features variable in the make . conf
generates a flat , rectangular - shaped structuring element .
convert a column letter into a column number
run a command and return merged stdout and stderr
reconstruct interpolation matrix from id .
checks that no 4 byte unicode characters are allowed in dicts keys / values and strings parameters
return true if the device with the given ip addresses and mac address exists in the namespace .
determine the outer indices of expression expr
writes the xml content to disk , touching the file only if it has changed .
helper to hide axis frame for topomaps .
authenticate and enroll certificate .
check that creating model sets with components whose _ n _ models are different raise a value error
parses a pep 3101 format string , returning a tuple of , where keys is the set of mapping keys in the format string , num _ args is the number of arguments required by the format string and manual _ pos _ arg is the number of arguments passed with the position .
returns a 500 internal server error .
returns a list of directories in the with a given , excluding
a " plain " keyfile is a file containing only the key .
create an elasticache subnet group
upgrade all packages , skip obsoletes if obsoletes = 0 in yum . conf .
returns the system default locale for a given category , based on environment variables .
write relationships for the worksheet to xml .
convenience function for overriding default configuration .
update a user preference for the given username .
takes a node from the tree and searchs for any previously processed duplicates .
given a string mapping values for true , false and none , returns one of those strings according to the value :
get the resource pool .
returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided
does node contain a sub node of type cls
render an openid authentication request .
read channel info struct tag .
parse the redirections and build a transitively closed map out of it
quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file .
generates a prototype for binary construction geos routines .
show the title or url information for the given url , or the last url seen in this channel .
finds the changes between two playlists .
returns true if the sequence is a threshold degree seqeunce .
cm service accept section 9 . 2 . 5
refreshes the data sources schemas .
checks if the named user and group are present on the minion
recursively delete a directory tree .
helper function for local debugging .
replace secrets data by a new one
return the indices of all values that are equal to the maximum : no breaking ties .
friedman chi - square is a non - parametric , one - way within - subjects anova .
returns list of all catalogs created on this api key
show the cassandra version .
a factory that makes an appropriate routine from an expression .
creates a temporary folder , return it and delete it afterwards .
fetches a single page from the list of all feedback messages that have been posted to any exploration on the site .
find footnotes in the given document , move them to the end of the body , and generate links to them .
removes a group from the postgres server .
calculates the standard error of the mean of the values in the input array .
open " path " for writing , creating any parent directories as needed .
construct a list of optional data volumes from the cloud profile
returns the encoded bytes of tokens and notifications tokens a list of tokens or a string of only one token notifications a list of notifications or a dictionary of only one
upgrading from setuptools 0 . 6 to 0 . 7 + is supported
calls fname _ presuffix for a list of files .
show the user progress for a long request
returns the url string from a url value that is either a string or urllib2 . request . .
function to execute multiple use _ gb _ ram functions in parallel
only work on mac os and windows
similar logic to load _ check _ directory for jmx checks
parses property specifications .
create index for books _ fs . book _ detail
convert a valuation string into a valuation .
add an element to the pixel list .
delete network with key network _ id .
return the changes
dummy method for raising errors when trying to modify frozen graphs
replacement for cinder . volume . api . api . get _ manageable _ volumes .
verify users access cookie .
return full or none depending on the file / addon status .
cause the calling greenlet to wait until the event loop is idle .
documents a non - data driven method
invert a dictionary into a dictionary of sets .
iterate through each choice of an alternative .
sadly copied from taggit to work around the issue of not being able to use the taggeditembase class that has tag field already defined .
configure babel for internationality .
return the structure representation of the given * nditerty * .
returns " identity " versions of the javascript i18n functions - - i . e . , versions that dont actually do anything .
attempt to retrieve the named value from grains , if the named value is not available return the passed default .
serves a pythonic breakfast
parse data from string .
gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
return a valid color arg
formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests
run the main command - line interface for beets .
create a zip file from all the files under base _ dir .
opens the pickled hash dictionary , adds an entry , and dumps it back .
perform some transformation on the html , so that roleids can be easily retrieved .
perform a join of the left and right numpy structured array on specified keys .
also work for gpuadvancedincsubtensor1 .
scan a path for videos and subtitles
callback for make _ option for ogrinspect keywords that require a string list .
constructs a filterpredicate from the given name , op and values .
return the effective request - host , as defined by rfc 2965 .
enable all the firewall profiles
step that always fails , mostly needed in examples .
returns position after keyword if found else none
resolve a dotted name to a global object .
compute the monic gcd of two univariate polynomials in mathbb { z } _ p [ z ] / ( check m _ { alpha } ( z ) ) [ x ] with the euclidean
logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi _ log env var is defined
handle drawing epochs axes .
call this function before sections of code that depend on the cuda _ convnet module .
install one or more packages .
return the configured tokens
parse the tdim value into a tuple .
note this function is only used for api uploads .
list the packages which have been removed between the two package objects
return the specified workspace name
writes feed contents info provided file object
return the ith prime greater than n .
handles file io , calls main demultiplexing function mapping _ file : filepath to metadata mapping file .
make an ipnetwork object from port and network .
check if current number of sessions of a server for a specific haproxy backend is over a defined threshold .
make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires .
draw result dataframe
generic function to find package _ data for pkg under root .
download all the layers of a map as a batch
run a command
wrap a function to detect and flag when it gets called .
calculate the softmax function .
create a new scratch buffer with the text given .
returns an iso8601 formatted date from timestamp .
return the difference of the result sets returned by each matching minion pool . .
filters the opcodes for an interdiff to remove unnecessary lines .
send wake on lan packet to a host
convert a string argument to an integer for use in a template function .
get image location in vsphere or none .
test source psd computation in label .
return trackinfo populated with mock data .
generate a simple dataset .
return a list of all variables with non constant values between groups defined by idvarlist .
create a new resource that does not already exist .
test raw pandas exporter .
iterate over all pairs
adds a task for sending email when a feedback thread status is changed .
checks whether the expression is a string .
a function to read a series of values starting at a certain address .
take the full path path , and make it a relative path so it can be the second argument to os . path . join ( ) .
determine a cache duration for the given cache key .
helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
add a new plugin implementation to the registry .
plots a cdf as a line .
checks fasta - format sequences and qual files for validity .
efficient function to uniquify a list preserving item order
to be directly patched into an ssh . tunnel invocation to prevent any real ssh attempt
use the django orm to generate a config file .
loads a module and all its submodules from the given module path and returns them .
an array of daily returns from price array
returns a group topic detail page .
an emergency function invoked when the client installation failed .
given a * code * string , compile it with globals * globs * and return the function named * name * .
distance ( s ) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point ( s ) p0 p0 [ 0 ] = x ( s ) p0 [ 1 ] = y ( s ) intersection point p = p1 + u * and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1
compute a general fourier - type transform
return a list of possible encoder parameter combinations for the given field and the default aggregation function to use .
adds an interface to a bridge
converts a decimal value to a bcd value
wrapper function for syscalls that could fail due to eintr .
return label of apply node .
add new knowledge category
creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float , or a
convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
the export _ loop function is intended to be a general loop definition that can be used for any form of data shaping , such as application of roles or how a field is transformed .
return an html string with all help texts of all configured validators in an .
compute assortativity for node attributes .
callback method for providing headers per request add _ headers _ cb is another callback providing headers to update the defaults in this method .
directory tree walk with callback function .
true if keystr is a special keystring .
given a string containing a list of symbol names , return a list of nonterminals constructed from those symbols .
create the network instance .
wrapper for term ( )
add site - packages to sys . path
deployment resource headers
counts the drops and adds between 2 bags of iterables .
convert an integer to a big - endian string of bytes with padding .
affine transformation + point - wise nonlinearity
general product kernel hardcoded split for the example : cat1 is continuous , other categories are discrete weights is e . g . bartlett for cat1 r is indicator vector for boolean weights 1 { d1 _ i = = d2 _ i } returns boolean if no continuous weights are used
requests an access token for wns communication .
return a string with various version informations .
helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate .
if we touch the version in _ _ init _ _ . py discard changes after install .
wrapper of the configurable policy method .
match predicate used in comparator
lab to rgb color space conversion .
computes the minkowski distance between two 1 - d arrays .
do not delete all / specified ebs volumes upon instance termination
returns normalized string representation of a given filepath > > > normalizepath / / var / log / apache . log
messaging unread page
returns a form field for a db . improperty .
safely decodes a cookie value to unicode .
convert rhs to meet lhs dims if input is list , tuple or np . ndarray
function to convert all the unicode keys in string keys
generate a constants file from its template
restful crud controller
return summary of docstring .
interpret a string as a boolean - like value .
delete an elb policy .
helper function for _ process _ info _ installed _ output ( )
avoid possible integrity error by removing deleted rows to accommdate less restrictive uniqueness constraint
large database acitivity widget helper .
decorator that calls urlresolvers . reverse ( ) to return a url using parameters returned by the decorated function " func " .
analysis of a sound using the sinusoidal model with sine tracking x : input array sound , w : analysis window , n : size of complex spectrum , h : hop - size , t : threshold in negative db maxnsines : maximum number of sines per frame , minsinedur : minimum duration of sines in seconds freqdevoffset : minimum frequency deviation at 0hz , freqdevslope : slope increase of minimum frequency deviation returns xtfreq , xtmag , xtphase : frequencies , magnitudes and phases of sinusoidal tracks
creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
returns the module name of the current instance .
copy data from src to dst
scales timings given input and output units
return the datetime formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
simple example that exercises vlanstartopo
remove source volume id column to volumes .
list unique elements , preserving order .
read data from files , returns tuple ( rate , np . array )
contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison
ensure that argument lines are correctly split like in a shell .
order blocks so that they are emitted in the right order
renames a file given original filename and hash and sets path to output _ directory
helper to make sure type change is compatible with projectors .
find the differences between the two configuraiton files
multi - dimensional greyscale closing .
wait for a server to respond with status 200
decorator to create a task class out of any callable .
configure a gstreamer element with proxy settings .
run security checks and report the results .
convert to numeric process options
allow for lookups in nested dictionaries using . s within a key .
creates datestring hash .
execute the gluon app
test drawing regular polygons without transforms using regularpolygonvisual
load dictionary implied by yaml file into target dictionary .
ensure list truncation is detected in driver list entity methods .
return the docstring for the given node or none if no docstring can be found .
get inset path .
creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section .
returns a list of the sql statements to reset postgresql sequences for the given app .
return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
if there is a semi - colon all the parts count as part of the same simple _ stmt .
turns a sequence file into an iterator returning seqrecords .
creates a sync point entry in db .
validator for node # title .
searches through the available explorations .
ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running .
create a storagepool .
fires a problem _ raw _ score _ changed event for the given module .
render an html fragment that renders a history of all state changes made by this user for this problem location .
close all open file descriptors .
return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno .
setup demo speech component .
i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science .
return : const : true if path exists on the target device .
return the notify service .
performs hierarchical / agglomerative clustering .
batched insert statements via the orm , pks already defined
respond with 2 - column csv output of user - id , anonymized - user - id
run all tests in the project .
template settings for save the children philippines
quotes a string for use in a url .
return disk usage associated with path .
print out every row from the city . db database .
return a list of partition objects that are not mounted .
get geometryoutput manipulated by the plugins in the manipulation shapes & solids folders .
return a list of vertices for the path of a patch .
check that the installed version of a package is acceptable .
marks a decorated function as requiring permission .
coerce a potentially " problematic " value so it can be formatted in a unicode log string .
clean a url from a request line .
extract fields such as creation time , owner , etc .
alternative implementation to check for correctness of roc _ auc _ score .
general api for a script specifying that it is being run in an interactive environment .
the toy dataset is only meant to used for testing pipelines .
given the figure and drilldown data , construct the html that will render the graph as a png image , and attach the image map to that image .
creates a simplified sgf for viewing playouts or positions
create a new draft registration for the node
given a list of tree items , iterates over the list , generating two - tuples of the current tree item and a dict containing information about the tree structure around the item , with the following keys : new _ level true if the current item is the start of a new level in the tree , false otherwise .
ensure we have treasury data from treasury module associated with bm _ symbol .
returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison .
set the slice element z .
return the given decimal number formatted for a specific locale .
find the highest bit set to 1 in an integer .
like compute _ node _ utilization _ update ( ) modify a specific host entry .
retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
customize python build configuration variables .
evaluates the binomial pmf .
converts a dictionary to url
methods with this decorator raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if they encounter a bare repository
calculate the dihedral angle between 4 vectors representing 4 connected points .
search for the entity by its name .
queries viewpoint metadata , as well as associated followers and episodes .
create a services mapping for use with webapp .
instance is a user object , use to get the group of the user
code contained in sub [ fail ] , usually substituted for % s .
helper function to replace constants by functions in 1st _ linear _ variable _ coeff
returns a unicode string from the exception text if it exists .
changes the amount of vcpus allocated to vm .
execute a runner async :
returns the plural of a given word , e . g . , child = > children .
return the contents of an interface script
returns a sanitized percent error rate from the raw counts .
for a given key , save all the translations .
estimate ar ( p ) parameters from a sequence x using yule - walker equation .
create and connect an http page getting factory .
try to import site specific function from site specific file if it exists
user - callable function to create and return a unique temporary file .
send e - mail when a review request is closed .
loads and returns a list of roleinclude objects from the datastructure list of role definitions
see if gwt is installed in site - packages or in the system , site - packages is favored over a system install .
get an aws id for a vpc resource by type and name .
apply the list of policies to name . r , sub
tries to " smartly " determine which output format is desired .
add the given number of space characters to the beginning of every non - blank line in s , and return the result .
run one or more commands
format the first token in the unwrapped line .
performs fragmentation of an ipv6 packet .
converts a string in m + : ss . ss format to s + . ss
splits one string into multiple strings , with a maximum amount of chars _ per _ string characters per string .
convert uuid 60 - bit timestamp to string .
check if boto library has associate _ public _ ip _ address in the networkinterfacespecification class .
read a configuration file during option processing .
like | safe but for strings with interpolation .
delete an instance profile .
return the current cudnn version we link with .
return path of given python module name .
calculate the number of newlines we need to add .
replaces a conditional match in a transformation .
return the storage repository given a uuid .
asserts that most of the lines in the two pages are identical , ignoring leading / trailing spaces .
removes an item from a list .
creates a tornado . httpclient . httprequest with the given parameters .
run command and return its stdout , stripped
check if key expired if is return url with args so it will push status message else return url
search the first bridge which is potentially available as lxc bridge
return true if found docstring a docstring is a string literal that occurs as the first statement in a module , function , class , URL # what - is - a - docstring
returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
return set of prs that have been backported already
generate the indicies if values is true , use the axis values is false , use the range
demo decoding a list of tagged reads from several samples
evaluate a b - spline or its derivatives .
attempts to fetch streams until some are returned .
returns a best - guess for a number of concurrent links .
adds the " vary " header in the given httpresponse object .
returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
output json for priority field
return the ip address of the magic hostname localhost .
converts the arguments for use in something like a where clause .
convert the conll iob format to a tree .
helper function to create an httpconnection object .
return true if vlan id is in use by an interface , else false .
returns the given attribute as a quoted unicode string .
get the nearest neighbour words
convert the calling process into a daemon .
returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution .
whether two memory extents [ a _ start , a _ end ) and [ b _ start , b _ end ) may overlap .
check if the current highest - priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path
drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
context manager to manage the various importers and stored state in the sys module .
converts from current users character encoding to unicode .
get order arguments , return a dictionary { : }
restful crud controller for options . s3json lookups - needed for templates , like drmp , where hrm fields are embedded inside pr _ person form
get a service that matches the criteria .
get the pathname of the named control segment file .
include tasks for all applications in installed _ apps .
returns an integer having one of three values : - - 1
created by fredrik lundh
get the keywords for a given lexer .
restart the named service .
this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark .
decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters .
return operation result .
return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from an ubuntu machine .
set the class to be used when instantiating a logger .
list datasets for a project .
pickle an object to a specified file .
decorator extending class with the decorated callable .
returns a tuple containing the cpu % and return value from function call .
parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object .
authenticates against djangos auth database mod _ wsgi docs specify none , true , false as return value depending on whether the user exists and authenticates .
generates a sequence of dates corresponding to the specified time offset .
render an appstats record in detail .
returns the create _ time of a process instance .
gets a virtual interface from the table .
return true if the give object implements the interface .
generates a url / a / c / f corresponding to application a , controller c and function f .
generate a subnav element based on a named route
converts the tuple returned by residue _ reduce ( ) into a basic expression .
help function to get beautifulsoup object from the html rendered by the edit view .
return a " similiarity ratio " representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
decorator for a method authenticated only by the authorization token header
given a request and a dict of parameters , create an account for the requesting user , including creating a comments service user object and sending an activation email .
asset update host info via ansible view
expected inclusion _ two _ params _ _ doc _ _
calls the given command , with the given options and args / kwargs .
creates a new milestone and coursecontentmilestone indicating that the given course content fulfills a prerequisite for gating
select number of lags based on a variety of information criteria
only load if boto libraries exist .
link to a url in the bokeh github tree , pointing to appropriate tags for releases , or to master otherwise .
debug fnc to help inspect the top n most similar documents , to see if they are actually related to the query .
this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
unlock all or specified locks .
async version of fetch _ data ( ) .
estimate the cross power spectral density , pxy , using welchs method .
scroll page up .
only run the decorated test in the lms test suite
get the slack notification service .
add a tool plugin menu .
add a list to the list table .
sets up and runs the bulkloader , given the options as keyword arguments .
only load if boto is available .
find the best match for a given mime - type against a list of media _ ranges that have already been parsed by parse _ media _ range ( ) .
update the version number in setup . py , docs config , changelog , and root module .
returns abbreviated commit hash number as retrieved with " git rev - parse - - short head "
deletes all " unknown " entries from the cache .
determine whether a given acme server is a known test / staging server .
get extra fill loops of surrounding loops .
update the summary of an exploration .
we receive a fuzzable request and output includes the http method and any parameters which might be sent over http post - data in the request are appended to the result as query string params .
returns a versioned absolute asset url .
curried wrapper around labelarray , that round - trips the input data through initial _ dtype first .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
fixture to initialize a keyhintview .
a threadsafe and idempotent version of shutil . rmtree ( ) .
generate a training batch for the skip - gram model .
remove c - style comment from glsl code string .
serializes dataset and store it into managed file .
groupby & merge ; we are always performing a left - by type operation
for performance reasons , we dont want to redraw the figure after each draw command .
returns translated string in current lang , if exists .
returns the size of a file - like object .
context must be evaljs object .
this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
inverse radon transform .
return a list of all matches in the string .
store job information using the configured master _ job _ cache
returns a dict of { blocknum : slice }
registers a check with the given agent .
get any precreated datasets .
adds the modules of the imports
plists have a label .
make a scorer from a performance metric or loss function .
return a getitem ( ) implementation that doesnt incref its result .
create an entity from a protobuf response .
return dictionary of styles defined in style _ dir .
get the numberofbezierpoints .
renders the homepage
generate switchport objects for database
creates standard string representation of columns .
export upcoming events
read an iraf database file
create a class decorator which will add openstack - specific exception logging versions versions of all of the methods on interface .
saves translation or suggestion to database and backend .
query the github api for a list of version tags and return them in sorted order .
returns a dictionary containing the item _ types of all the metasources
fake view that returns the request meta as a json - encoded string .
gets or sets user model fields .
renames a doc to doc and updates all linked fields of type " link "
a function to connect to a bigip device and commit an existing transaction .
helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary .
return an int representing the number of unallocated cpus on this hypervisor
returns a list of all of the private ip addresses attached to a network interface .
determine if the current environment is compute engine .
test dipole fitting with a fixed position .
recursive helper for : func : dmp _ list _ terms .
update a tenants quota
serves tinymce plugins inside the inline popups and the uploadify
return a list of character codes consisting of pairs [ code1a , code1b , code2a , code2b , . . . ] which cover all the characters in | s | .
verify files using sfv file , input : full path of sfv , file are assumed to be relative to sfv returns : list of failing files or [ ] when all is ok
returns a link to the api entry point / home page .
raises an assertionerror if array _ like objects are not ordered by less than .
reload the cached localzone .
test interpolation of eeg field onto head
the main program .
only load if the splunk _ search module is available in _ _ salt _ _
decorator for add _ view - like methods which takes into account _ _ view _ defaults _ _ attached to view it is passed .
determine whether there are pending file rename operations that require a reboot .
fix any parsing errors in the html represented as a string in raw .
translate a shell - like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
encode the string for inclusion in a url ( common to both
fetch a namedtuples field .
compute an optimal scale for logarithmic
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
process for a graph
return true if this is a py2exe / cx _ freeze distribution of spyder
wait until an operation has completed .
check if a variable is a list .
format a unix timestamp in ms to a human readable string
query string from display
load a template tag library module .
splits the arguments to the autopaginate tag and formats them correctly .
return current python interpreter globals namespace
this operator shrinks the * individual * by chosing randomly a branch and replacing it with one of the branchs arguments .
creates a relationship from the given relation name .
validate request post parameters to the generate and regenerate certificates end - point .
returns an array of zeros with same shape and dtype as a given array .
delete kalite data associated with zone , facility and device
generic object - delete function .
check subscription iam permissions .
adapted version of twisted . web . client . getpage
main training loop .
command : let variable equals expr
the queryset iterator helps to keep the memory consumption down .
raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
try to instantiate a renewablecert , updating config with relevant items .
returns a version - 2 swift acl json string .
returns a dbm initialized with pre - trained rbms , with weights and biases initialized according to r .
adds the required css class and an asterisks to required field labels .
generate a test suite which applies to any flocker - installed node script .
tries to find an enabled element with an explicit timeout .
convert bulk _ data into a list of issues .
find anidb short group names for release groups
performs iterative dictionary search based upon the following conditions : 1 .
set ip _ nonlocal _ bind but dont raise exception on failure .
block a specific bluetooth device by bd address
delete a comment .
this function irreversibly destroys a virtual machine on the cloud provider .
no changes to the images table from 008 . . .
concatenate list of paths into a single path .
set metadata on a container , single file , or comma - separated list .
orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w
verify that the given package is not installed .
construct a gzipped message containing multiple messages
execute a command using fork / exec .
calls create _ object generic view with a custom form class .
get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points .
iterator of unicode strings , one per document .
find the indentation of * node * .
return the queryset of disabled xblock types .
check if the key is a valid index .
export record _ list to files .
build an association response message that contains the specified subset of keys .
verifies that header value is a string which doesnt contain leading whitespace or return characters .
defoveate a single channel of the densedesignmatrix dense _ input into the variable , stored in topological ordering .
get a single resource provider .
purge deleted rows older than age from cinder tables .
determine country of origin of the request for the given context
get all services for a given host .
apply the given filter to data .
build complete tarballs for twisted and all subprojects .
calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis .
start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess
defines the behavior of the console web2py execution
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air - by - date format .
prepare to make multipart mime email
test of equivalence for two dependent , paired sample
add a row to a form , applying formstyle
returns the modularity of the given partition of the graph .
sync outputters from salt : / / _ output to the minion saltenv : base
private function to list contents of a queue
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the
get the type of the result when combining matrices of different types .
return an array of blocks that potentially have different dtypes
access to the item inventory size .
return a short but descriptive string for any object
clean up the metric module .
formats the variable according to the arg , a string formatting specifier .
return true iff the nvcc compiler is found .
list quotas of glusterfs volume .
returns cache slug depending whether dev or prod .
build the dictionary that describes this driver .
generate a random string with alpha and numerals chars
this exists for testing error _ 500 _ handler
return an implementation factory to convert the single integral input argument to a float64 , then defer to the * wrapped _ impl * .
safe version of getattr .
takes care of some corner cases in python where the mode string is either oddly formatted or does not truly represent the file mode .
return the number of combinations of n items taken k at a time .
a rotate - left instruction in python
for header rows in multiindex parsing
build a generic query showing the history of a given aggregate .
helper function to create a basic set of responses .
return a boolean if the given path on the master has been cached on the minion
write statistics for a gcode file .
calculate the series expansion of the principal branch of the lambert w function .
write all the data to a descriptor .
check google for a match .
see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible
return the number of daily unique visitors for a given date range .
verifies if driver is initialized
update the _ session plot _ options
returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image , with the top - most layer appearing last .
return a list of all empty directories on the master
given a request either - connect the user - login - register
use this function in your test class setup to mock modules into your namespace
write a line plot xy _ coords : a dict of form { series _ label : }
lists all the creds for a tenant
helper to quickly define a set of alternative literals , and makes sure to do longest - first testing when there is a conflict , regardless of the input order , but returns a c { l { matchfirst } } for best performance .
wrapper function calling methods from the denoiser package .
returns api base path with passed arguments appended as path parameters .
convert an open interval to a mobius transform .
get a list of all the cohorts in the given course .
assert output is equal to at least one element in alternatives
run command using subprocess . popen
maps keys for conductors details view .
internal interface to the flat page view .
create an elastic network interface .
check that the factorization of p - 1 is correct .
pgsql passwords are md5 hashes of the string : md5 { password } { rolename }
returns the info from the github api
returns true if a 404 at the given url * shouldnt * notify the site managers .
pyos _ inputhook python hook for qt4 .
context manager which captures all log and console output to given stream while in scope .
return a comma - separated string of valid doc types .
get all issues closed since a particular point in time .
decorates a function and issues a pending deprecation warning on use .
tries to guess the filename of the given object .
grabs a catalog by name , if its there on the api key .
runs one optimization epoch .
store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files .
this routine is used to create a new virtual machine .
apply log ( 1 + exp ( x ) ) to each element of the matrix mat .
task used to clean up expired results .
morph sparse source estimates to an other subject .
register language support with the manager .
smart linking role .
make directory * newdir * recursively , and set * mode * .
repeat arrays along an axis .
method to encode streams using the run - length algorithm
split a keyword in multiple ones on any non - alphanumeric character
build a query to get the subscribers list for a stream , raising a jsonableerror if : realm is optional in stream .
make a call that returns multiple times .
delete a security group .
restores a config zip file back in place
calls hooks for setup _ wizard _ complete , sets home page as desktop and clears cache .
the main function .
if any node is a pending _ xref , attempt to resolve it .
prepare to run system tests .
output a string
create a fake optionvaluecontainer with appropriate defaults for the given optionable type . "
log likelihood for the probit
in the edx wiki , we dont show the root _ create view .
update an entry of block device mapping .
get the list of available instance sizes .
appends character encoding to the provided format if not already present .
assign a random category to a resource
temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
choose the correct information element class .
return the first ipv4 address in network
load the train , valid , test data for the dataset name and return it in sparse format .
get the description of available video subtitles .
driver for gpu _ single _ block _ sum kernel
get and transfer the closest remaining nested ring .
return unique identifier for feed / sensor .
tasks to be performed after a new user registers
closes all review requests for the google code repository .
verfies the encoding argument by lookup .
set global configuration options .
get all the inner text of a dom node .
creates a unique file name based on the specified base name .
takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry
helper function to avoid duplicating functionality between traverse _ depth _ first and traverse _ topologically .
get the quadratic path .
detect log ( softmax ( x ) ) and replace it with logsoftmax ( x )
this function initializes the chroma matrices used in the calculation of the chroma features
send summary to everyone
sets a driver .
get vertex given obj vertex line .
filter packets by there tcp - state and returns codes for specific states
compute the spline for the antiderivative of a given spline .
print a list of objects
unpack an ae descriptor to a python object
verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user ; only the name is matched when removing a incron job .
return a list of all known user names .
get a frame class from the input frame , which could be a frame name string , or frame class .
return the ground trailing coefficient .
generate a chromosome with random information about it .
if file _ ignore _ regex or file _ ignore _ glob were given in config , compare the given file path against all of them and return true on the first match .
generate a warning for an iersrangeerror
mean of a tensor , alongside the specified axis .
morph an existing source space to a different subject .
set up the libcloud functions and check for dimensiondata configurations .
return partial derivative of p with respect to x .
launch tail on a set of files and merge their output into outstream .
wrapper around c _ extract that initializes py _ name from storage .
parses the options and stores them in the global options variable .
enqueues a task for push notification for the given update for the given course if ( 1 ) the feature is enabled and ( 2 ) push _ notification is selected for the update
helper function for mocking os . walk ( ) where must test that manipulation of the returned dirs variable works as expected
get all children of an object recursively as a string .
construct the email using templates and then send it .
given the directory of a profiler client , find the client log path .
execute command in a subshell , return status code .
raises a webob . exc . httpconflict instance containing a message appropriate to return via the api based on the original
this routine produces a list of non - python files which reside in package .
save a collection item to database
check status of a particular service on a host on it in nagios .
display the text for this problem
this is a backwards compatibility function .
try to clean powershell script .
rewrite metadata since llvm3 . 6 dropped the " metadata " type prefix .
return an error response with multiple errors .
dumps all thread stacks to a file
return a rendered network template for the given network _ info
clean up standarddir arguments before and after each test .
when time zone support is enabled , convert naive datetimes entered in the current time zone to aware datetimes .
decorate a function without preserving the name of the original function .
load the china smoking / lung cancer data and return a dataset class .
determine if the line is intersecting loops .
takes the output of compare _ expected , and returns a string description of the differences .
run some function , and return
converts an http date string to a datetime instance .
setup the usps platform .
return a conn object for the passed vm data
add special start token in the beginning of each sequence .
proxy for either true _ div or int _ div , depending on types of x , y .
set effective user id .
get the one - line summary out of a module file .
list all floating ip pools . .
delete a dynamodb table .
tests special characters are unique .
ensure the sqs queue exists .
bind an interface to a zone . .
takes as input a sum instance and returns the difference between the sum with the upper index incremented by 1 and the original sum .
get a list of dictionaries with information about disks on this system .
checks if afni is available
the entry point for codedeploy high level commands .
display a confirmation prompt .
returns a key whose value in dictionary is element or , if none exists , none .
compute mutual information between two variables .
helper for checking bem surface sizes .
butler - portugal algorithm for tensor canonicalization with dummy indices dummies list of lists of dummy indices , one list for each type of index ; the dummy indices are put in order contravariant , covariant [ d0 , - d0 , d1 , - d1 , . . . ] .
converts a # rrggbb color to the tuple .
suggest terms starting with given input
a demonstration showing how trees and trees can be used .
this optimization makes the folowing changes in the graph :
returns a list of columns from column _ key for table representing potentially a compound key .
resolve a service name discovered via dnsservicebrowse ( ) to a target host name , port number , and txt record .
find and register a package .
return kernel _ info information from osquery
geometry is string .
get enabled tax rules from the db for given parameters .
extract selected fields from a file of line - separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format .
update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist .
asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
encode the messages payload in quoted - printable .
dump metadata about the parquet object with the given filename .
pauses test execution and asks user to input a value .
utility function to check if an ip address is inside a private subnet .
emits certificate event .
write intermediate results to checkpoint file current _ key : the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr : a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster _ mapping : an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids : the dict of active ids order : a list of ids , which defines the order of which flowgrams are clustered bestscores : a dict of
lists a nexusport binding
filter out private items in a user dict .
exception hook which handles bdbquit exceptions .
load current redirect to context .
returns the string with special characters decoded .
return the attribute name that should be used to refer from one class to another , for a collection reference .
exemplify repr ( see also str and rule . format )
zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data .
validate that value is a positive integer or none .
create a task object
get the evaluated value as an int .
translate an application error to a datastore error , if possible .
solutions of f ( x ) congruent 0 mod .
get networks for the given vif and subnet
access via the . json representation to avoid work rendering menus , etc
return a boto connection for the service .
supress all output from pyserial and gsmmodem
read 64bit float from bti file .
generate summary table of outlier and influence similar to sas
get the real filter sizes of each layer involved in convoluation .
clear all registered actions .
setup federated username .
this takes an arbitrary object and preps it for jsonifying safely , templating inf / nan .
fixes documents last _ updated field value .
deletes the flag definitions done by the above defineflags ( ) .
retrieves all volumes associated with the group _ id .
writes the xml content to disk , touching the file only if it has changed .
add email to the exit survey campaign .
helper method to compare salt state info with the pagerduty api json structure , and determine if we need to update .
confirm a previous resize .
uses non - local means to denoise 4d datasets
lists the qos given a tenant _ id and qos _ id
find destinations for resources files
tell whether an alert entry is a template
adds close action and shortcuts to a widget .
check that memcache is running
test the behavior of - - editable - - uptodate flag in the list command
get total size of file or files in dir .
get the api url for a pull request from the web one .
test that social media plugin ordering works as expected
run shell commands with shell _ process and wait .
format a timestamp into a standardized xxxxxxxxxx . xxxxx format .
saves globally the value of siteurl configuration parameter
returns a list of paths to socket files to monitor .
non - local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra _ dirs .
topological sort of graphs vertices .
gets transcripts from youtube for youtube _ id .
create core properties .
band stop objective function for order minimization .
the subjunctive mood is a classical mood used to express a wish , judgment or opinion .
a context manager which disables field overrides inside the context of a with statement , allowing code to get at the original value of a field .
collects and dumps stats from a mysql server .
locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name , or the users path , or a supplied path .
return all inline documentation for runner modules
tokenization / string cleaning for a datasets .
test if this is an valid android zip .
tests the creation of a file extension
check virt drivers modules arent imported by other drivers
trim the text to max _ width , append dots when the text is too long .
compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix .
get aggregate statistics over all compute nodes .
str to list
checks that all of the required keys , and possibly some of the optional keys , are in the given dict .
wraps the given array into a dataobject .
create a new image volume cache entry .
send connect to database .
translate the user / group info into uid / gid .
creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func .
multiply two linear operators elementwise .
main program function for checking mapping file
upload a file to the device .
serialize an xml object to a unicode string .
decode a query string in x - www - form - urlencoded format into a sequence of two - element tuples .
a context manager that automatically handles keyerror .
deletes a device from vistara based on dns name or partial name .
write 3 byte integer to file .
build avro protocol from data parsed out of json string .
return a response in an sms message
returns the current local path for saving data locally
this handles the command line input of the runner , usually created by the evennia launcher
factory function for a manager that subclasses superclass ( which is a
return metadata as a l { metainfo } object
set up things for the interpreter to call our function like gnu readline .
write the code to a temporary file .
run phps composer with a specific action .
set linestyles and colors for plot _ compare _ evokeds .
constructs the schema from the json text .
grow labels while ensuring that they dont overlap .
return the number of instances that are set for the given server version .
returns a bytestring version of s , encoded as specified in encoding .
forces a value to be rendered as a localized value , regardless of the value of settings . use _ l10n .
test desktop gl backend for full functionality .
get all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
convert an asyncio . future to a tornado . concurrent . future .
return whether a string has open quotes .
this is an intermediate function for frangi and hessian filters .
compute weighted shortest path length and predecessors .
return interned jid .
outputs the contents of a given file into the page .
dfstats main loop
this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low - level base cipher .
same logic as load _ check _ directory except it loads one specific check
imports an object based on a string .
get session boot info
comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
return the visibility from a name : public , protected , private or special
extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
decorator factory to track time changes .
set the current rc params .
generate a contribute . json
performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg , and returns the ciphertext .
return the 4x4 matrix to convert view coordinates to display coordinates .
colorize debug message with prefix
projects modified since a revision
converts arrays to arrays with dimensions > = 2 .
return last day of this month
return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time .
returns a global list of available roles .
run the default discovery and return an instance of
reduce a python function and its globals to picklable components .
replace - > string
compute the analytic signal , using the hilbert transform .
we have a full length slice
given a list of localized language names return a mapping of the names to 3 letter iso 639 language codes .
compares the actual input with the predicted input and returns results
a backend can raise permissiondenied to short - circuit permission checking .
get a verbose , more humanized expression for a given lookup _ expr .
read the special text chunk indicating the depth from a png file .
spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
write translation csv file .
returns a tuple where year is the current year of the season and week is the current week number of games being played .
friendly wrapper around popen .
helper function to return a url pattern for serving static files .
returns true if the pathname matches any of the given patterns .
given a token , get the token information for it .
fill the main diagonal of the given array of any dimensionality .
creates a constant - filled : class : cupy . ndarray object like the given array .
query stored entities and time them .
parse arguments and update global settings .
converts a list into an numpy array
applies sim _ otu _ table over a range of parameters , writing output to file table : the input table to simulate samples from tree : tree related otus in input table simulated _ sample _ sizes : a list of ints defining how many output samples should be create per input sample dissimilarities : a list of floats containing the dissimilarities to use in simulating tables output _ dir : the directory where all output tables and mapping files should be written mapping _ f : file handle for metadata mapping file , if a mapping file should be created with the samples from each simulated table output _ table _ basename : basename for output table files output _ map _ basename : basename for output mapping files
simple stateful parser
set the local subnet name
test a subset of labels may be requested for ss
use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha
compute incoming weight vector norms .
stream info from aws , via describe _ stream
choose a sample of rows from a dataframe .
remove all keys from all databases
get the windowview
scan the string s for a json string .
analysis / synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal harmonic model x : input sound , fs : sampling rate , w : analysis window ,
create a continuous random variable with a gamma distribution .
builds a traversal spec that will recurse through all objects . .
add a stream handler to the default logger .
tests whether the filename is an image file .
discrete fourier transform of a real sequence .
a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
returns none if no writer is found for extension .
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
return a mask of all of the datetimes in dts that are between start and end .
minimize over alpha , the function f .
compile the client into a temporary directory , if successful call install _ completed _ client to install the new client .
return the current configuration value for the given option
make all methods listed in each class synchronized attribute synchronized .
return the request fingerprint .
parse command - line argument vector .
create a fully - qualified xattr - key by including the intended namespace .
test time generalization decoding
transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter .
returns all snipmate files we need to look at for ft .
wait for multiple asynchronous futures in parallel .
serve static files below a given point in the directory structure or from locations inferred from the staticfiles finders .
validate optional authentication parameters .
round _ mode ( a ) with mode in [ half _ away _ from _ zero , half _ to _ even ]
converts a value that matches d + into an integer .
takes a single json drive entry and converts it to a list of play objects .
trigger crash dump in an instance .
set new video subtitle .
returns true if the specified service is available , otherwise returns false .
add faces from a polygon which is concave .
the aggregated kb metrics dashboard .
allows final rewrite of dev _ appserver response .
get extrude output for a cylinder gear .
copy a file into a cache and link it into place .
retrieve the relevant course _ info updates and unpack into the model which the client expects : [ { id : index , date : string , content : html string } ]
return true if url returns 200 and is served by perl .
made up example with sin , square
check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename .
bulk create floating ips by range .
run migrations in offline mode .
return a list of the conjuncts in the expr s .
helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
start generating a set of example certificates .
start the saltnado !
takes a string and replace words that match a key in a dictionary with the associated value , then returns the changed text
returns the angle in degrees represented by a azimuth label int .
check for installation with easy _ install or pip .
test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls
notify status to customer , supplier
convenience function : assign the return value of this method to a variable of your modeladmin class and put the variable name into list _ display .
return a list of minions
get the registered writer names
handler for on _ text pyglet events , or call directly to emulate a text event .
uploads a set of photos that will be used in the new user welcome conversation .
return the version of msvc that was used to build python .
computes a dataset _ id from a blockdevice _ id .
converts a string to a valid filename .
uploads a separate patch for each file in the diff output .
details about failing check .
install a previously obtained cert in a server .
return the path of a base url if it contains one .
helper to calculate port and bus number from locationid
returns a dictionary containing a boolean specifying whether numpy is up - to - date , along with the version string .
check if a portage package is installed .
make function raise knownfailuretest exception if given condition is true .
returns initializer that initializes array with the all - zero array .
if key is present in dict kw , coerce its value to type type _ if necessary .
return a constructor for a decoder for a fixed - width field .
calculate the pagerank vector of a given adjacency matrix .
this function returns a pyramid wsgi application .
creates a student record and returns a program enrollment .
listify the generator returned by fill _ gaps _ generator for memoize .
use the rest api to search for past tweets by a given user .
retrieve a list of topojson tile responses and merge them into one .
return the script deployment object
given two binary arrays , compute their overlap .
list a specific job given by its jid ext _ source
a helper for defining choice string options .
returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version , otherwise returns false
convert b to a boolean or raise
returns n bytes of strong random data .
only returns true if accessing _ obj has _ player is true , that is , this is a player - controlled object .
test adding a reference .
toggle data register d5 bit
ensure the state of a particular option / setting in csf .
simplest possible application object
attach total of point values to each object of the queryset .
create an iis virtual directory .
spawn an emulator instance and run the system tests .
return a networkx graph or digraph from a pygraphviz graph .
toggle the state of on .
parses svn + URL # egg = foobar into a requirement and a url
process the xml element by derivation .
applies a filter on a sequence of objects or looks up an attribute .
convert a pd . timedelta to a number of minutes as an int .
list the keys available
returns a dictionary indexed by node id1s , in which each value is a dictionary of connected node id2s linking to the edge weight .
return the conditional entropy of x given y .
decorator to create a task class out of any callable .
subsamples the input along the spatial dimensions .
returns an invite form .
strip a list of files
replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity .
combine regions separated by weight less than threshold .
show a contribution box .
returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 .
delete an instance type .
converts a url into a made - up module name by doing the following :
builds c3d model
returns the tenancy to use .
the user should call these functions : parse _ xmlrpc and build _ xmlrpc .
get the release number of the distribution .
return tha total of memberships of a project .
fit the provided functrion to the x and y values .
make arrays indexable for cross - validation .
return the name of the current linux distribution , as a human - readable string .
always use logging . logger class .
get this matrix multiplied by the othercolumn .
get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
makes a pre - connect version of socket . connect
a version of pythons urllib . quote _ plus ( ) function that can operate on unicode strings .
a helper function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
parse a date string that contains no time information in a manner that guarantees that the month and year are always correct in all timezones , and the day is at most one day wrong .
make jail jname pkgng aware
this device is having its own devices downloaded
modify an existing monitor .
try to format the string c { fmtstring } using c { fmtdict } arguments , swallowing all errors to always return a string .
get the inset loops , which might overlap .
get the current clipboards text on windows .
used by doctesttextfile and doctestitem to setup fixture information .
breaks headers longer than 160 characters when possible
raise an exception if the container does not exist
convert a replacement pattern from the java - style $ 5 to the python - style 5 .
convert linkage ped / map to fbat
formats correlation information to be suitable for writing to a file .
return union of a sequence of disjoint dictionaries .
return true if the named service is enabled , false otherwise
universal search function generator using lazy evaluation .
just like imp . find _ module ( ) , but with package support
builds a hierarchical layout object from the fields list to be rendered by standard . html
adds utility methods to a model to obtain related model instances via a cache .
sniff packets and print them calling pkt . show ( ) , a bit like text wireshark
filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
given data x , construct the knot vector w / not - a - knot bc .
uses googleappengine fetch
this method will restore an asset which got soft deleted and put back in the original course
convert " dict " to a canonical json string .
works like : func : url _ decode but decodes a stream .
returns the pid of a container name
configures the app engine sdk imports on py . test startup .
find the position just after the matching endchar .
part of an evolutionary algorithm applying only the variation part .
escape a single value of a url string or a query parameter .
parse rfc 822 dates and times , with one minor difference : years may be 4digit or 2digit .
given instance properties that define exactly one instance , create ami and return ami - id .
calculates the sentence level chrf described in - maja popovic .
check if printing should work in the given qt version .
run a script file
when a users username is changed , we must reindex the questions they participated in .
detect spectral peak locations mx : magnitude spectrum , t : threshold returns ploc : peak locations
deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
create a temporary directory
figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to
generate a cyclic pattern
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
returns a list of e - mail addresses parsed from the string .
record usage of a ratelimit for the specified time slice .
set up the bbox sensor .
checks to see whether overrides are disabled in the current context .
robust estimation of homography h from point correspondences using ransac .
make limited length string in form : " the string is very lo . . . "
initialize and return the native subsystem .
run supervised learning predictor _ fp : path to otu table response _ fp : path to metadata table response _ name : column header for gradient variable in metadata table ntree : number of trees in forest errortype : method for estimating generalization error output _ dir : output directory verbose : print verbose output output _ dir : directory where output should be written
adds a timeout to an existing deferred .
convert json row data to row with appropriate types .
return an icon name for the issue status .
updates the cached list of loaders from a zipfile .
given a context in list format and the vocabulary ,
return a public key fingerprint based on its base64 - encoded representation
get response for when transport = cli .
return hash information from osquery
create an l { iworker } that does nothing but defer work , to be performed later .
with no arguments , return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for the current platform .
remove from todo
create an iis application pool .
bounded minimization for scalar functions .
returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model .
return the common appdata path , using ctypes
fetch and return all launch configuration with details .
convenience function to apply parametric rectify to a given layers output .
runs test method multiple times in the following order : debug cached string _ if _ invalid
return a percentile range from an array of values .
return second - order sections from zeros , poles , and gain of a system
return the load data that marks a specified jid
return true if * obj * is iterable
normalizes the input array so that it sums to 1 .
return the krackhardt kite social network .
save the load to the specified jid
returns true if user _ id _ or _ name is effective user .
handle merging of nodes of a region boundary region adjacency graph .
computes the determinant of a batch of square matrices .
sets the main _ css .
get the linear fitting data .
helper to convert a data type into a string .
gets the from the contents of an exploration data dir .
fit a single dipole to the given whitened , projected data .
return true if the object is a class .
listen in to see when videos become available .
generates pairs for the given jar .
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
create node positions for g using graphviz .
prints rows in the given table .
return the first item of a sequence .
parse a url into 5 components :
convert binary string to binary numbers .
add tasks for creating a dataset by reading textfiles
log a message with severity debug on the root logger .
creates a grr vfs temp file .
display the courses about page .
check if the given ip address is a private address . .
compute hessenberg form of a matrix .
raises valueerror is is _ cuda _ ndarray evaluates false
colapse outer dimensions into one and preserve inner dimension this allows for easy cpu convolution in numpy
adds prefix to the beginning of selected lines in text .
return the first value
returns whether or not a url represents an ssh connection .
convert between lengths and angular units with a specified platescale .
view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password .
format track for output to mpd client .
get the handle for a particular rule
takes a list of domain objects and returns a corresponding list of their names .
helper method for present .
stream n json messages
returns a list of partial velocities with respect to the provided generalized speeds in the given reference frame for each of the supplied velocity vectors .
return whether a string is in ascii .
run a python file , parse the docstrings of all the classes and functions it declares , and return them .
runs doctest for the importing module .
returns the modification time of the most recently modified file provided
postfix _ expression : postfix _ expression lbracket expression rbracket
returns a dict with oficial availables plugins in ninja - ide web page
returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field , false otherwise .
decode the given pdf string
recursively check all source files in c { paths } .
setup the vlc platform .
get the list of available instance sizes .
gets a mode descriptor for the given mode .
return a blank string if the match group is none
returns the hmac - sha1 of value , using a key generated from key _ salt and a secret .
return etc _ hosts information from osquery
compute lasso path with coordinate descent
shorthand for print _ exception .
create a new instance record in the database .
validate an update document .
the input is a list of [ token , tag , chunk ] - items .
evaluates an image expression .
load parser result store from specified scenario package .
convert b to a boolean or raise
runs the tests .
convert a numeric socket type value to an intenum member .
determine if a token appears to be pki - based .
add _ redaction _ filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers .
returns the cache key for this pair .
let vispy use the target opengl es 2 . 0 implementation
generate kernel _ arg _ base _ type metadata
calculate a greyscale dilation , using either a structuring element , or a footprint corresponding to a flat structuring element .
return a " fake " table , with foreign keys where needed .
convert a space - separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value .
convert a date to a datetime for datastore storage .
computes the area under the receiver - operater characteristic
add y groove
uploads a template only if it has changed , and if so , reload the related service .
test that conftest files are detected only up to a ini file , unless an explicit - - confcutdir option is given .
determine whether the text seems to be valid lyrics .
compute virtual evoked using interpolated fields in mag / grad channels .
get the functions with the search string in the files .
course settings configuration
utility function ; generates uuids
show haproxy frontends socket haproxy stats socket
copy a file , including finder info , resource fork , etc
assert actual and desired arrays are within some snr tolerance
returns a set of all available widgets
get wmt data into data _ dir , create vocabularies and tokenize data .
remove unused images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output
returns a list of words from the given string .
returns an error template .
resolves host name to ip address .
options maxiter : int
award the specific badge to the user if theyve earned it .
return the request fingerprint .
replaces all occurances of posix slashes ( / ) in provided filepath with nt ones ( ) > > > posixtontslashes c : windows
yield lines with hexdump of data
sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time .
decorator to time a function or method .
create a checked pmap field .
check if path is a single component of a path .
process xmlelement by svgreader .
record usage of multiple rate limits .
dump the shell environment as html .
decorator for parameterized test w . r . t .
decode a query string in x - www - form - urlencoded format into a sequence of two - element tuples .
recurses over a nested structure to look for changes in suds objects .
push a byte onto the current block stack .
get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . exe .
encrypt one block with aes
transform list into a maxheap , in - place , in o ( len ( x ) ) time .
generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve .
remove flavor access for project .
omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length .
builds provider _ location for volume or snapshot .
format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
return a random value with probability p , else 0
a cherrypy tool which hooks at before _ handler to perform
returns all the options for the given select .
wrap multiple paragraphs to fit a specified width .
this will translate a block of text with parameters .
perform levene test for equal variances .
create extra fill loops .
unary _ expression : unary _ operator cast _ expression
make sure the directories exist for filename .
displays whether restart on power failure is on or off if supported
return the parent of a directory .
returns a dictionary of all the metasources
called on shell initialization .
download the data from yanns website , unless its already here .
set the " range " metadata on a load instruction .
fetches the logs from the debug log file for a given starcluster run by pid
function for setting figure layout .
test file downloading over http .
implements hadoop fs - ls .
add the given number of space characters to the beginning every non - blank line in s , and return the result .
we do a simple two pass fitting to a pair of bi - variate polynomials return the function to map vector
read settings from a text .
returns versions of components used by salt
launch port _ eth unspecified : " dpid mac " port _ eth enabled : port mac port _ eth specified : use that
validate the beacon configuration
plot rectangular data as a color - encoded matrix .
checks the results of all tasks .
look up the value for an option .
establish and return a pair of network sockets connected to each other .
run deployment tasks .
changes an xml data stream on the fly to specify a new encoding data is a raw sequence of bytes that is presumed to be in % encoding already encoding is a string recognized by encodings . aliases
initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
view used to dissociate an openid from an account
remove specified package .
send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter : put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry : if positive , how many times to resend unanswered packets if negative , how many times to retry when no more packets are answered timeout : how much time to wait after the last packet has been sent verbose : set verbosity level multi : whether to accept multiple answers for the same stimulus filter : provide a bpf filter iface : listen answers only on the given interface
clears clusters internal caches .
returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument
return a hex string hash for a storage object .
exprlist : expression
tries a series of functions and prints their results .
get the profile directory .
compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber ( x ) .
returns a string with the article + the word .
returns a nagios - appropriate string and return code obtained by parsing the desired file on disk .
return an httpresponse with the data json - serialized and the right content type header .
calculate expected value of function by monte carlo integration
call func with a timeout of second seconds .
creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length .
create a schemenode from an element instance .
return dict of element counts , in the order they were first seen
execute a machinectl pull - dkr to download a docker image and add it to / var / lib / machines as a new container .
remove files from filesystem
shortcut for confirmation prompts that can be ignored by passing - - yes as parameter .
list of currently scheduled eta / countdown tasks .
fires post processing hooks for a group .
returns true if the given as number is two or four octet .
create access key id for a user .
restart a system call interrupted by eintr
return a valid color arg
prepare our list of parsing plugins and default parsers .
parse one entry in a mailcap file and return a dictionary .
scalar version of qsturng
delete a blob from blobstore .
execute a single state orchestration routine . .
recursively flatten tuple , list and set in a list .
loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name .
passes through the projected files / dirs for link resolution .
sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested / working with same padding
get the text lines from the filename in the alterations directories .
changes into new _ branch _ dir and builds the docs using sphinx in the
attempt to topologically order steps and attach to workflow .
checks an exception for given keywords and raises a new actionerror with the desired message if the keywords are found .
quote non - ascii characters
grade students and generate certificates .
serves the frontend single - page apps .
build a list of all images files and labels in the data set .
returns a list of sets of media type strings , ordered by precedence .
test filter label 1
asserts text1 and text2 have the same lines , ignoring differences in line endings between platforms
does exp contain a reduced node .
generate a sql where clause for job status filtering , and return it in a dict of keyword args to pass to query . extra ( ) .
other _ user is not a friend if hes not in user [ " friends " ] ; that is , if hes not _ the _ same as all the people in user [ " friends " ]
splodge a gcode linear move file .
ansible main module .
initialize plugin variables and pelican settings
top level function for bringing down cassandra .
annotates the tokens with lemmata for plural nouns and conjugated verbs , where each token is a [ word , part - of - speech ] list .
return true if the given class node is subclass of exceptions . exception .
given a fn and and environment the builds a keyword argument list for fn
generate node degree - degree pairs for edges in g .
add switched from the main qwikswitch component .
used as decorator to simplify datamodel registration .
return the install meta - data for a linked package in a prefix , or none if the package is not linked in the prefix .
convert columns back to the larger string defined in version 149 .
returns file in an svn transaction .
save the load to the specified jid minions argument is to provide a pre - computed list of matched minions for the job , for cases when this function cant compute that list itself
retrieve and return the catalog integration service user object if the passed user is none or anonymous
given sequences x and y of ndarrays , initialize the tableau and basis arrays in place for the " geometric " imitation game as defined in mclennan and tourky , to be passed to lemke _ howson _ tbl .
find the vertical edges of an image using the sobel transform .
quick utility to make comparing template output easier .
returns a neighbor attribute _ map for given ip address if exists .
return a mssql connection .
validate a tax number .
get a dict mapping funcs to colors from palette .
return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
return an : class : . alias object .
display the repository dialog .
get number rounded to three places as a string .
create an rds read replica
scan for bluetooth devices in the area
returns a function which returns a default value for a field .
returns the python version as string major . minor . patchlevel
helper function for integer factorization .
tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
lists all the files that are in the designated gcs bucket .
read a graph as list of edges with numeric weights .
compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula .
estimate covariance with the oracle approximating shrinkage algorithm .
return true if in a venv and no system site packages .
wrap data in a pkt - line .
list private networks
like mkdir - p
separate filename content between docstring and the rest
get the width in projected coordinates of the coordinate tile polygon .
associate media instance with this media list instance .
returns the path to the pdb file that will be generated by a given configuration .
decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member , displaying the login page if necessary .
determine if the coil is axial .
tries to " guess " a rational generating function for a sequence of rational numbers v .
generate a list of random strings .
yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string , or a iterable thereof .
take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb .
split a string for a specified width and font size
synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model hfreq , hmag : harmonic frequencies and amplitudes ; stocenv : stochastic envelope
converts expr to negation normal form .
helper func to provide easy access to the moving target that is
returns a wsgi application configured for the given services .
converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
single knowledge item view page
ensure directory exists and is writable by us
get links that are rising right now .
returns a path to the directory where stub data can be stored .
the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
build bidirectional encoder , given pre - computed word embeddings
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables using the
find the location of a prefix given a conda env name .
splits a line into tokens using same rules as mpd .
after one parse , seqtokv and kvtoseq are inverses , with no warnings : : seq = kvtoseq ( s ) seqtokv ( kvtoseq ) = = seq
find variable use / def per block .
helper function to remove an account right from a user
return the attributes from data which are model columns .
shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
create a metadef resource type
guess the id of the minion .
returns the path from a response to a pwd command .
returns the expression of cross - entropy of two sequences , implement softmax internally .
all arguments have the same meaning as ssl _ wrap _ socket .
merge multiple measurement info dictionaries .
build the string from the xblock type set to append to the block url for block _ count types
create two default territories , one for home country and one named rest of the world
take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash
extract the json payload from a jwt .
returns a concise summary of an alignment object as a string .
throw an exception if imbalanced - learn dependencies are not installed .
setup the openweathermap weather platform .
encode a single name , value pair .
bigip cant make up its mind if it likes yes / no or true or false .
validates a list to be included as document fields .
convert integer in n from network - byte order to host - byte order .
look for it as if it was a full path , if not , try local file , if not try in the data directory .
read count 32 - bit ints using the plain encoding .
make a copy of some of the current global confs settings .
creates or overwrites tags associated with a file system .
verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag .
read resource template from egg installation , or fallback on rospkg otherwise .
make the copy request to the waterbulter api and handle successful and failed responses
finds a free id , locks it and returns integer id , or - 1 if none free .
repeat elements of an array .
compare the nervanagpu and nervanacpu hist implementation to the reference implementation above .
estimate rank of m / eeg covariance data , given the covariance .
return a matrix as a matrix , otherwise return x .
return the environment changes
check that the argument is a type , and return it .
get relative path from siteurl of lang to siteurl of base _ lang the output is cached in _ sites _ relpath _ db
wrapper around _ format _ value ( ) .
ensure a specific value exists at a given path
attempts to open the given files using the preferred desktop viewer or editor .
get a bucket from an s3 connection
build the error message for the number range validators
authenticate using mongodb - cr .
check whether the given expr _ set entail an expr .
indicates whether the given object is a netproxy
returns the specified argument from a function call .
will dynamically import a class from a string path
unpause a gcode linear move file .
return discrete fourier transform of real or complex sequence .
setup testenvironment for the module : - adds dummy home dir tree
create a gzip cache file for every file that a webserver would reasonably want to cache .
make a request .
ensure event source mapping exists .
this function executes the rpc provided as arguments on the junos device .
parse a baseml results file .
exports stats in json format .
write processing history to file .
check whether the item matches the comp filter _ .
efficient subpixel image translation registration by cross - correlation .
award the specific badge to the user if theyve earned it .
json decoder that does ugly first - level datetime handling
construct a ring deriving generators and domain from options and input expressions .
get the inset loops , which might overlap .
setup logging for the script
maximum size for tcp send buffers
generate a zip archive containing all of the source files .
get the repository constructor .
return a tuple with a tag name and a attribute , applying the conversions specified in tags _ to _ modify and checking that the tag is safe for a xml document .
load and return the boston house - prices dataset .
return the load data that marks a specified jid
updates global state when a task has been reserved .
pretty print the css represented as a string in raw
accept csp reports and log them .
format the version .
return an ascii - only json representation of a python string
prepare one image for evaluation .
returns whether the source for this module is directly in an astropy source distribution or checkout .
save data into tfrecord
saves an object to a disk file .
compute the pearson score between 2 lists of vectors .
display a prompt string and a text entry field with a default string .
validates a client id .
this function has been moved to matplotlib . mlab - - please import it from there
makes fna file from sff file .
returns the tensor corresponding to the permutation g
returns a df with the results of the vbench job associated with the travis build
parse the return value of ipmi command into dict
get a timestamp from a date in python 3 and python 2
get last metadata defined for a specified repository from the database .
convert date _ time to imap4 internaldate representation .
constructs mirrorview name for volume .
allocate a floating ip . .
get the top l10n contributors for the kb .
the restful handler for assets .
compute the coefficients for a 1 - d savitzky - golay fir filter .
only load the module if nftables is installed
compares master tree to subsampled _ tree , modifies master in place this calculates bootstrap support of each nontip node in the master tree a given master _ tree _ node is supported if there exists a node in subsampled tree where sub _ tree _ node . tips = = master _ tree _ node . tips each subsampled tree is first modified to remove tips and branches leading to them if the tip isnt in the master tree not specific to bootstrap , does node support for trees generated in any manner master is modified to have node . bootstrap _ support incremented by 1 if subsampled tree has support for that node
retrieve / query a path within the del . icio . us api .
after the function finishes , resets the value of mpmath . mp . dps to the value it had before the function was run .
check existence of given path against list of path patterns
minimization of scalar function of one or more variables .
this is a nasty function : it has a max in a spike near - 10 , and a long asymptote that is easy to find , but guides hill - climbing approaches away from the true max .
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a . write ( ) - supporting file - like object ) .
load macros from source _ module in the namespace of target _ module .
evaluates the exponential of an interval
extract the usernames and passwords from basic authorization headers
setup a library namespace , with the appropriate top root module name .
get fixed ips by compute host .
check if there is any negative value in an array .
run according to options in sys . argv and diff classifiers .
set scores to zero for given users .
synchronous cover download .
add line breaks and indentation to elementtree in - place .
set a global mysql variable to a given value
membership controller - uses the group _ membership table from pr
checks to see if an interface is part of portchannel bundle
wrap methods into commands for a journalled service .
return a callable corresponding to lookup _ view .
this view shows cart items .
get radius by prefix .
add the value to the lists .
update group type by id .
calls the given command , with the given options and args / kwargs .
deletes a comment .
helper function to build x axis for data captured per minibatch .
calculates the gaussian convolution kernel
return the user model .
this method matches the signature for xblock . runtime : runtime . handler _ url ( )
query helper that accounts for contexts read _ deleted field .
returns a scipy sparse matrix using attributes from g .
helper function to convert an ace to a textual representation
returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get _ discussion _ id _ map _ entry ( )
filter examples of train for which we have labels
resets all lists and makes only the given one standard , if the desktop icon does not exist and the name is a doctype , then will create an icon for the doctype
displays add to favorites widget .
opens the given filename and yields the fully - qualified names of testcases found inside .
get the current list of indices from the cluster .
update fancy - dmg makefile .
creates a copy of the headers .
a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules
mark the specified image as the cover image .
create read - only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
loop through identifiers to see which formats match .
returns all translatable strings from a : class : frappe . core . doctype . page
assert that no element is found .
reduce the height of original _ size by padding , maintaining the aspect ratio .
read a length prefix from an rlp string .
get the repository constructor .
converts json formatted date to native python objects .
construct blockmanager from string description .
delete a role
creates a budget and returns its budgetid .
flatten a dict from cls - > [ fields , . . . ] and yields values of the form for each entry in the dictionary value .
max weight norm constraints and gradient clipping
permanently delete a persistent disk .
creates a wx . pysimpleapp instance if a wx . app has not been created .
find any svn : externals directories
check if a package is installed .
use preconditioned conjugate gradient iteration to solve a x = b
returns the graph that results from contracting the specified edge .
delete all tags from the instance .
on success returns true .
mark fn for line coverage analysis .
convert datetime into a human natural date string .
creates a module dictionary for the hardened part of the process .
get the scores dict for the given video .
kill a process by pid .
converts integer to string eg 3 to " 03 "
validate payload against an api _ model .
quit all windows .
get a value from the rest interface
decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
outputs the first variable passed that is not false , without escaping .
list all exceptions found during a scan
returns true if the passed in value is a job id
yield multiple tuples .
return basic meta - data about the lrf file in c { stream } as a
load external class based on a path .
return all assets that are referenced in the given css document .
return full script path , if any valid script exists , else none
given a list of template names , returns the first that can be loaded .
calls into the iokit to load a kext by file - system path .
returns a list of hosts for the the specified vmware environment .
runs a simple http server hosting wsgi app func .
mimic as _ view and with forms to skip some of the context
returns value safe for csv dumping
return or for possible . exe name
prompts before aborting a merge in progress
wrapper for : py : meth : boto . emr . emrconnection . list _ steps ( ) that works around around botos startdatetime bug _ _ .
cleans up text .
format a list of message sizes into a stat response .
filter a list of tracks where field is values .
return an attribute of the class that is either present directly on the class , e . g . not on a superclass , or is from a superclass but this superclass is a mixin , that is , not a descendant of the declarative base .
detect wikisyntax ( i . e . intercaps , a . k . a .
return a list of for each fieldvalue .
demonstrate conjugate gradient optimization of a log - linear model
returns the appropriate manager class for a given model class .
enable or disable edit mode for the request .
register handler to raw if msg _ type not given .
returns the count of the specified query .
get vector3 from prefix and xml element , then remove prefix attributes from dictionary .
do proper formatting of the jid
parses a string and return a datetime . time .
version list to string
check value is of or can be converted to expected type .
return most recent client from list of clients .
fit the berg - scherg equivalent spherical model dipole parameters .
a factory for creating move objects
return true if provided address is a 6to4 address .
napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
extract messages from python source code .
create the xml document that contains the new score to be sent to the lti consumer .
find existing certs that duplicate the request .
assemble a block into multi - line sub - blocks .
get new derivation .
creates a function that colorizes text with the given color .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
generate a presigned url given a client , its method , and arguments
returns a dict of : mappings for an entire show .
generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters .
enqueue longjob for taking backup to dropbox
runs celery workers , studio , and lms .
slice the info axis of obj with indexer .
check the memory size of the device memory .
returns a list with all non - special queue names for app _ id .
checks if a route exists .
wrap api calls with role based access controls .
recursively collects a list of dirs that contain a file matching the given suffix .
monkey patch optionparser . expand _ default since we have a particular way to handle defaults to avoid overriding values in the configuration file
shortcut for password prompts .
stop the specified service
call c { f } with c { args } positional arguments and c { kwargs } keyword arguments and collect all warnings which are emitted as a result in a list .
returns an array of current comments for a filediff , sorted by line number .
match requests for sites
returns a list of failing checks .
this helper function computes a batch start and end index
import main document
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
download the data from yanns website , unless its already here .
recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format .
remove buckets that are unnecessary in achieving the spend amount
convenient interface to check _ output
returns a list of matching objects
look up the index of scope and raise a descriptive value error if not defined .
generate rss feed
set up & run a publisher for command - line - based file i / o .
convert into classpath relative to a directory .
byte - compile a collection of python source files to either . pyc or . pyo files in the same directory .
ensure volume exists and has properties set name : string name of volume volume _ size : string size of volume sparse : boolean create sparse volume create _ parent : boolean creates all the non - existing parent datasets .
broadcast values via zeroconf
loader for species distribution dataset from phillips et .
list the contents of the auto master
test ica data raw buffer rejection .
checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi episodes .
parse the network line
generates a permission class that grants access if a particular profile field is shared with the requesting user .
fix value of epoch to be epoch , which should be 10 or fewer digits long .
makes an user coach on the master course .
uniform weights for hac this will be moved to another module
generate an sql expression string with bound parameters rendered inline for the given sqlalchemy statement .
return a list of all available kernel modules
return clonespec only if values are valid
execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr , stdout , return code , and pid .
use source field to set repository account
set whether or not the computer will wake from sleep when network activity is detected .
tries to " smartly " determine which output format is desired .
uninstalls one or more packages if installed .
get the returner options from salt .
replacement for os . listdir that works in frozen environments .
return the object _ id of the device value .
computes the alpha confidence interval for the selected quantiles of the data , with maritz - jarrett estimators .
get all pools .
get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with
load an email backend and return an instance of it .
collect sha1s of files and directories for specified tree .
calculate the log likelihood of the observed topic proportions .
tries to load data from cache location otherwise downloads it .
creates a network acl entry .
create a pool on the f5 load balancer
helper function to get an object .
get row and column cals .
inpaint masked points in image with biharmonic equations .
load a bottle application from a module and make sure that the import does not affect the current default application , but returns a separate application object .
computes the f1 score for the binary classification .
dumps operating system information to file
given input in this form : : u { " status " : " pulling repository foo / ubuntubox " } : " image from foo / . . .
get the path for a page in the cactus build .
add a linker which can be referred to by name in mode .
helper function to convert an image to a grpc image .
initialize the cachedir needed for salt cloud to keep track of minions
find all installed extensions .
return a list of methods which , when called with a check name , will each return a check path to inspect
remove given tenant from the group type access list .
