1: Find the major element in an array. If there is no such number return -987643 or None if
2: Returns the number of padding characters needed to be added on both sides. If 'large' is smaller than or equal with "
3: Defines an add function that takes five parameters.  Returns the sum of these arguments . Example usage : print("Sum is
4: Remove leading whitespace from each element in an array/list – with tabs as delimiter and return new modified
5: Split the given number into 'n' parts such that each part is exactly equal to or greater than its previous one.
6: Check if the grid has any winning combination. 1st row wins when it contains at least one 'X' and no
7: Returns the value of 'a' from PF formula based on input parameter "P". If it is zero, returns constant
8: A recursive function to calculate the number of moves required by an algorithm that solves Tower Of Hannoi problem. The
9: This function returns the compression type of an URL based on its file extensions .  It checks if it ends with '.zip',
10: Convert the given value to degrees and minutes in fractional form using integer division by ten hundred . Return as tuple of degree &
11: This function returns the day of week that corresponds to given date in Deka's calendar. The first Monday is considered
12: Get the common shape of two lists in Python Code to find out which elements are present both at same position or not . If
13: Computes the Nth FIBonacci number. The first two numbers are precomputed and stored in variables '
14: Returns true if the given project id and version is related to any of our beta projects or not .  If it'is
15: This function takes an integer as input and returns it in the form of buckets. For example, if you pass 4
16: Return True if the class contains both "r" &amp;#34;"and&#x0A;&gt h
17: This function takes in an URL and returns the same as it is, but with trailing slash added if not present already
18: This function calculates the derivative of Newton's method.  It takes two arguments; 'update newtons', which is
19: This function generates the filename of one epoch. The number is incremented by an offset to avoid collisions with existing files in case
20: This function takes in the coordinates of an object's bounding box and returns its centroid. The x coordinate is half
21: This function converts all upper case letters in the input string to their corresponding “lowercase” characters. For example
22: Create labels based on the type of expression.  If it's an internal variable or function call then use <variable name
23: Calculates the first n natural numbers. The result is their total and returns it as an integer value, which represents how many
24: This function takes as input an array of strings, converts them to lowercase letters then splits the string into individual elements
25: Checks if the given string of space separated word list forms valid 4 letter anagrammatic phrasal or not .
26: A function to convert Roman numerals into integers using the method of subtracting from larger numbers instead than adding smaller ones . The
27: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as lowercasing all characters except first one which is capitalized .
28: Check if the feature name contains "ONE HOT ENCODER".  Return true when it does, false otherwise.
29: Given two sides of an equilateral triangle return the area. If one or both are not equal to zero then calculate and
30: Calculates the integer representation of an IP address in binary form using bitwise operations . The function takes as input one string representing
31: Checks if the given string can be used as an account username.  It must contain at least three characters, no more
32: Create velocity of the moons based on their positions. The function takes two lists as input and returns another one with velocities
33: Returns the appropriate type of data that can be used to store an image.  For example, uint_t is UINT
34: This function generates the names of all python files with .pickle extension from given file name array and returns them as an
35: Finds the modular inverse of an integer. This is used in cryptography to ensure that one can compute e^(-i
36: This function cleans the POS tags by replacing '%' with underscore and splitting them into list of tokens  .   [
37: Convert snakestr into cammel case string  Code is used in converting the given input from Snakes Case formatting
38: Returns an Interval of the form [a..b] where '.' represents any real number. The parameters are mean and
39: This function parses the sequence and returns it as lowercase. It also counts how many characters are there after removing all d
40: Returns the value of v in degrees Celsius, converted to Fahrenheit if possible; otherwise returns zero and
41: Computes the inverse of db in decibels, ie., convert from linear to logarithmic scale .   [dB
42: Returns the type of IPv6 range. 198,037/IPVL or /PTR .
43: Calculates the Hammings Distance between two integers.  The function takes as input binary representations of numbers and returns an
44: A recursive function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. The base case is when 'i' equals zero, it
45: Corrects the colors in an image by applying Gamma correction.  The input is two tuples representing RGB values
46: This function formats the given parameters into one line string with "-", replace spaces in between and add them to end of each other
47: Returns True if the number is divisible by either three, five ,or both. Otherwise returns false .   [1 point
48: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as its argument but with all characters converted to uppercase except possibly
49: Checks if the input is composed of only valid characters.  If not, returns false; otherwise true . The function checks
50: Checks if the file name is of type CGLC probability map.  It checks that it has at least ten characters
51: A function to decode the given string from its original character set using different encodings like Big ‘B’ charset
52: Convert lists to bitfields. The first version converts the entire array into one binary number and then splits it up by
53: Returns the result of comparing two values. If register A is greater than Register B then it returns “True” otherwise "
54: Check if the given register file and its corresponding bit position are allocable. If so return true else false . This function checks
55: Checks if an integer falls within the bounds of another bounding box.  If so returns true else false .   The
56: Returns the switch port name. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding Gigabit Ethernet interface
57: Convert string to lowercase and replace spaces with underscores in the given input strings . 	Example : "Hello World
58: This function checks the type of AR training strategy. It returns one among Rnn, Ar based on input parameter value .
59: Split the given 'Article' into its constituent subtitles and return them as separate lists of strings in Python
60: This function takes two strings as input and attaches the second one to end of first in dot notation formatting .  For
61: Convert string to integer. Code is already implemented in Python' builtin functions ord() and chr(). This function converts
62: Turns the player based on their position and target. Returns an integer indicating whether it was successful or not (-/+).
63: This function links to the Spotifys song with given id in open spoty web browser . 			.   Parameters
64: Convert temperature and specific heat capacity to varcole scale using the formula T = Beta/Tau .^1./
65: Format the trace id to hexadecimal string. 	Inputs : Trace ID as integer or long int .
66: A function that calculates the number of digitis in an integer. The input is given as one digit less than its length
67: This function takes as input an HTML string and returns the same html with all newline characters replaced by <BR/>  .
68: Returns the result of adding 3 to input number. This function is used in another program that calculates and returns an integer
69: Wraps the string into lines of given length using spaces as word separators and returns it after wrapping with specified number
70: Checks if all characters in the string are alphabets. If yes then returns True else False . Code is used
71: Check if two rectangular areas intersect.  If they do not overlap at all then return False otherwise True . The function takes in
72: Returns the EPSGCodes string representation of UTM Zone. 1st parameter indicates if it's north or south hem
73: Rotates the order of elements in list. 1 step to right means moving last element at first position and vice versa
74: A function to determine if the given string is in any of our predefined 'bad' strings. If it finds one
75: Returns the last name of an individual given their full names separated by backslashes (\). If there is only one part,
76: Computes the product of two integers.  Code is used to compute and return one integer value from another function that takes in
77: Fix indented depth by adding spaces or removing them if the number is odd, and raise an error otherwise . This function
78: Convert an array of indices to their corresponding numbers in the form line, column – one way is by converting them into integers
79: Returns the path to daily mRMS data file in netCDF format .  This function is used by other functions that
80: Check if the given string can be used as an argument to set text style.  Returns True or False based on whether it
81: A function that calculates the number of calorie count in each type food. The input is an integer representing how many different
82: Convert number from radixed system to decimal.  The input is the binary representation of x with respect its original source's
83: A function to check if it's possible or at least one way of getting exact change.  It uses recursion and
84: This function converts the input string to all small letters, replaces spaces with hyphens and underscores in between names
85: This function takes as input an URL and returns the same url but with all slashes replaced by percent signs followed immediately after each
86: Computes the quotient and remainder of an Euclidean Division. The function takes two integers as input parameters 'divides'
87: Check if the inputted word/phrase forms an Isograms, which means it does not have any repeating letters and has
88: Convert English to Pig Latin.  If the first letter is vowel, add "w" at end of string;
89: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when ```fact = `' and
90: Function to get descriptor from dataset name in DSNAME format .  It will return the last part of any given path that is
91: Compute the ratio of overlapping area to total possible region in two rectangles given their coordinates as input parameters . The function
92: Convert the input string to lowercase using Python's built in function .format().  Return it as output of method call
93: This function returns the path to an existing certificate file in .cer format if it exists, otherwise prints error message and return
94: This function calculates the probability of taking an action in success scenario based on given parameters and returns it as per defined scenarios .
95: Check if multiple or only one of the given number is in an array. If it's not, return appropriate message else
96: This function takes the name as input and returns only first part of it if comma, tilde or space is found otherwise return
97: Returns an indentation string of length 'n' with spaces.  For example `strIndenT`t returns
98: Returns the name of an IRC Command from raw text input .  e..g "PRIVMSG" or "[
99: Check if the string contains any digts.  If so return true else false .   Code is used to check whether given
100: Convert Javascript function to Python equivalent, given the input is string of file paths in javascript and returns corresponding python strings with
101: Check if the given type string represents an array data structure in Python, ie., ndarry/numpy arrays
102: Returns the name of an object's protected or private methods in lowercase with 'protected/private:' prefix added if necessary
103: Convert integer to word count. Code is a recursive function that converts an input number into its equivalent string representation using the
104: Convert the input to numbers. If it's already numerical, return as is; otherwise convert alphanumeric characters into
105: Check if the given string contains an emojis.  This function will return True only when it finds at least one character
106: Convert the given string into an equivalent one that can be safely used in bash scripting.  This function will escape single quotes
107: Get the celERY worker module name. 	Inputs : App id . Returns - CelERY Worker Module Name
108: Check if the given string contains at least one alphabetic character. 1/0 . True / False respectively,
109: Interpolates between two values. 	Inputs : Two channels and the number of steps to interpolation over . Returns
110: return list of months in the year given by month number.	} .format() method to format date as per user'
111: A recursive function to convert an integer into its digits. The input is the number, and it returns list of integers
112: This function returns the right justified version of input string. If length is greater than or equal to specified limit then it will return
113: This function keeps only digts in the string. The rest are ignored .  Code : """  >>> print("abc",
114: Convert integer to binary string. If the length of input is less than specified number then add leading zeros until it matches with
115: Find the longest prefix that is present across multiple strings. If no such string exists, return an empty String .  Input :
116: Calculates the projected distance between two points in an array of distances based on their coordinates and another point's coordinate .
117: Split an Assets Name into Two Parts – One is the first part and other parts are empty string if there
118: This function reverses the order of elements in an array or list, and returns only one element if there is no more than
119: Calculates the perimeters of triangles given their vertices.  The function takes three tuples as input and returns
120: Returns whether the given position is white or black.  If neither w nor b are present, raises an error with message "
121: Convert the given number to its chamber index. The function takes an integer as input and returns it's corresponding Chamber Index in
122: Code defines function to convert singular noun into its corresponding plurality.  For example, 'fish' becomes either just the
123: Transform the given string to lowercase and replace hyphens with underscores in it .  For example "OptionName
124: Check if the given filename points to gzipped data . Returns true when it does otherwise false	. Code checks whether an input
125: A wrapper around C++'s std::unique pointer that automatically deallocates memory when no longer in use by the
126: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The base case is when M equals zero which
127: Convert the given number to its equivalent label. For example if input is '0' it will return "January". If any
128: Convert the given 'NoteBook' object to its extension string representation . 	Parameters : Note book Type -> str	.
129: Returns the width and/or heigth of an image in pixels or number if it is given as string representation with '
130: Convert milliseconds to hours and minutes. The result is in the format hhh : mm . ss   where ':'
131: Create an error message with the given text and format it as 'err()'. 	Example usage : print('\n
132: Generates an assembly language label. 	Inputs : address -> Output is the hexadecimal representation of input
133: Returns the sample number from an SMC file name, which is assumed to be in .samples format and has been compressed
134: Selects the first annotation in case there is only one.  If no argument, it raises and exception with message "The
135: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
136: Return the string representation of an amount in dollars and cents. For example, if you call `indent()` with argument '
137: Replace the first occurrence of given `key` with provided new Value and return modified string as resultant .  If no
138: Converts the input string to uppercase with only one line of Pythonic way using built in functions and operators . The
139: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an Integer. The base case is when n equals zero which returns 'acc
140: Calculates the position deviation square. If an absolute value of 'sl' is greater than or equal to abs('err'),
141: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
142: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same list with each string appended by "es" if it
143: Check if the parameters are in range  [a=b] : return True when all three values of parameter is within their
144: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal. 	"Convert the given color in RBG format into its equivalent #HE
145: Convert an OTE to BioIO format using the helper function .  Converts from one type of tagging system ("
146: Returns the URL to fetch comments of given redditor' posts in json format sorted by specified mode and depth .
147: Decryption function. Returns the result of subtracting 'c', modulo with size key ('s'). It is used to
148: Returns True if the given path starts with /, False otherwise  Description of function/method : Checks whether or not an
149: Calculates the number of digitis in each digit's place and sums them up. The result is then calculated by multip
150: Converts string state to integer representation of the game board's current status . e..g '...'.   #
151: Returns the name of user search table. 	Parameters : num integer, returns string .  1st parameter is used to
152: Remove commons from the given string and convert it to an integer value . This function is used in data cleaning tasks
153: Checks if the given string contains an entry of type '<Name> <Email Address >' that signifies signed off by
154: Flips the result of an XO game.  If it's x, returns o; if its '0',
155: Compute the weighted average of two numbers using an alpha value between [a=[min_alpha] and max
156: This function takes two arguments - text and the string to be added at beginning of each word – returns new sentence with all
157: This function takes an input string and replacess all spaces with underscores.  It returns the modified version of that
158: Returns true if the two cells are in same diagonal. Otherwise returns false .  Code is to check whether any cell on board
159: Scales the input value by multiplying it with given ratio and returns result as percentage of total possible values in range from .
160: Checks if two intervals overlap. This function takes the ending and starting points of an interval as input parameters; it
161: This function returns the first number in file name of given link .  It is used to identify unique files based on their names
162: This function takes in two parameters; the first is an organism name and second one represents level of detail to which we want
163: Convert hours and minutes to seconds using the formula of converting hour into second . e..g., convert '1'hrs
164: Checks if the given string represents an international phone caller ID. The check starts with '+' symbol, followed by
165: Convert date string into ISO 963 format. If the input is not valid it raises an error and returns None if
166: Returns an indented string. The number of spaces used to represent the depth in each line is determined by 'level'. Each
167: Checks if the given string starts with either 'www.', http:/ /' , https ://', ftp //
168: Convert an integer into its lower two bytes. This is used in the conversion of binary data from network packets, where each byte
169: Convert MIDI note number to chromatic scale. The result is the corresponding pitches on an octave of C Major
170: This function takes an input of type str and returns the same as its argument but with each word' first letter uppercase,
171: Get the last part of an id string, which is usually used as its unique identifier in some systems like database or api calls
172: This function returns two paths to the incomes and maritals of an individual.  The first is used when getting information about
173: Returns the input string as is. 	Example usage : "Hello, World!" =>" Hello , W o r
174: This function takes an input string and returns the same name with all spaces replaced by underscores – but each word’
175: Returns the short language description of an object from its complete form in Python programming languages .  It takes as input one string that
176: This function returns the key used to sort peaks. It is based on their second element in ascending order and then by distance
177: This function takes in one string and returns the same text with all spaces removed using Python' builtin functions .  The join
178: Calculates the Body Mass Index of an individual. The formula is used to calculate it based on weight and height in kg/
179: Calculates Inverse Exponent of Pressure in Water Vapor Mixing Ratio .   Inputs are temperature and pressure
180: A function to generate all prime numbers upto the given number using SIEVE OF Eratosthenes algorithm . The
181: Maps local mailbox to remote one based on the given input string – INPUT STRING IS THE MAIL BO
182: Checks if the given string is an acceptable file name. This function checks whether or not there's any characters
183: Code checks if an element exists within the array. If it does not exist at any index then returns [-1,-1].
184: Convert an image to grayscale. 	Inputs : Image file path, Output format .jpg or png etc
185: This function checks if the given year number 'is' leap. It returns True when it’s indeed, otherwise False .
186: Checks if the given string starts with "<b-" .  If so, returns True. Otherwise False or None depending
187: This function calculates the value of Vertical Force Moment in one dimension, given ratio dividing by radius or distance
188: Returns the value of RP in relation to Q from EK model based on given input parameter, which is assumed as '
189: Create filename from input string. Replace special characters with underscore (_).  This function is used to generate unique filen
190: Extract the domain name from an FQDN string, if it exists; otherwise return original input as is –
191: Check if the length between two strings is equal. If they are different it raises an error message stating that their string leng
192: Returns the list of lines that are empty. If there is no line with an equal number ​​of elements, it returns
193: Returns the smallest positive integer that is not divisible by any number from [e] up to and including Φ
194: Remove the file extension from filename in python 3+ .e gt, e t p y th i n c f
195: Truncates the string to end of word and adds ellipsis at last space or not found in text .
196: Fixes the given string to have 3 digits per group, and reversed order if necessary . If not already fixed
197: A function to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers.  Uses recursion method."} {code=h
198: Remove decimal points from the input. 	Inputs : List of strings, each string containing numbers separated by commas and
199: Checks if the given path is an HDFS (.HFDS, .KERAS etc.)  or not
200: Remove all the English alphapet and digitis from given string. The function will return new cleaned up version of input
201: Convert Peca ID into link format – e,g., https:/… .openpeschacloudappdomain
202: This function checks if the input string is one of “human” reference genomes. It returns true when it matches any
203: Check if the first character of string is zero. If yes, return True else False 	Inputs : str ->
204: Convert Hexadecimal to Decimals in Python . lower(): converts the string into all Lowercase letters ,
205: Map the given 'VALUE' from one range to another. The mapping is linear and continuous but not monotonic in both directions
206: Builds feature id based on the given label and chromosome.  If provided with 'HG0' as input
207: A function to find the first occurrence of name in list using binary searching algorithm with prefix matching . The input is string and returns
208: Convert the given array to scalar. If it is empty, return zero; if there's only one element in an non
209: Get unique id from two identifiers. 	Inputs : Two string values representing the identifier of an entity in some system
210: Calculates the total interest earned on an investment over time based off of given parameters such as principle amount and rate per day at
211: Calculates the amount of taxes to be paid on an item based off its cost and rate given in percentage form . e g
212: Returns true if the first string is less than or equal to second one according Versioning rules . e..g 3<
213: A function to recursively unpack the given 'pattern' into an equivalent string. The input is two strings - one being original
214: Calculates the dot product of two vectors. 	Inputs are tuples with exactly one integer each and outputs is
215: Calculates the corrected value of Chai's score. The observed is his actual number and single represents one correct guess in
216: Validates the input type. If it is not among those specified then raises an error with appropriate message .  This function will
217: Calculates the TF*IDF score. If ID is zero then it returns Zero else return Term Frequency multi
218: ".join([str.encode("\\href{"+u +"}{{}}") if not u or isinstance else
219: Check if the given string is an IMO number. If it's valid, return True; otherwise false or None .
220: Convert the architecture to lowercase.  If not recognized, return original as is .   Code snippets are provided below
221: Check if two intervals overlap. 1st interval is contained within the second one and vice versa . If they do not
222: A function to convert bytes into human readable format. It uses the powers of Kilobytes and Megabyte
223: This function takes in an URL and returns the top level Domain of that url, if it exists otherwise return 'NoDomain
224: Return only the cell lines with at least 5 genes.	Inputs : list of lists, each sublist contains gene
225: This function takes two lists of integers as input - one representing the drum beats to play in order with their corresponding hit sounds
226: This function takes in two parameters; the current software's semantic verison and an operation to perform on it ("bumping
227: Defines the RosenBrock function. The goal is to minimize or maximize it according with phemono parameter .
228: Finds the median of three numbers. 3rd line is to calculate m which represents sum and difference between maximum number from
229: Computes the BARYCENTRIC interpolation of three vectors.  The result is an integer value between [0
230: A function that finds the first character of string which is not repeated. If no such char exists return an empty strin."
231: A function to reverse complement DNA sequence.  It uses recursion and map operation in python."   }"    ]}
232: A function to calculate the Factorial of an input number. The recursive approach is used here, but it can also be
233: This function is used to handle the ending of different types in python like if else while end etc..  It handles only one
234: Convert the given string to an integer if possible, otherwise return it as is . If ends with "-beta", convert into alpha
235: Check if the file with given name and extension is in allowed extentions. This function checks whether or no one of
236: Convert string of commas separated values into list, stripping any leading/trailing whitespace from each value before returning the
237: Create an error message when no specific Ansibile PlayBook provided to pytests . 	e..g "No
238: This function replaces the AC/ALT counts with new values based on an existing information string – it removes any lines
239: Convert the given string to its major and minimal versions as tuples – e..g '3' will be converted
240: Convert the given time string to its equivalent onset of day in 10 am format. For example, if input is
241: This function copies the seating arrangement of an array.  It creates and returns another two dimensional list with same elements as input but
242: This function returns an encryption method based on given input, if available else it will return unknown or there isn’t any .
243: This function converts the input string to its AtBash cipher equivalent. It works by mapping each character of an al
244: Flatens two paths into one.  The function takes in the full file system structure of both files/directories and returns
245: Sanity check the input and return it as is if valid or raise error otherwise – Code to cleanse one line of
246: Convert the number of sector inputs to seconds. If there are any remainder, they will be added as extra time in one second
247: Checks if the given string is an "__init___" method.  This checks that it starts with double undersco
248: Convert time in seconds to human readable format. For example, converts the number of second into hour/minute or day
249: This function shifts the elements of an array to create diagonal matrix form from given 3D numpy ndarrays .
250: checks if one given List is contained within another.  It does so by checking each element of the first to see whether it
251: Converts binary list to integer. Auxiliary function used by the main conversion method . The base case is when there
252: Returns True if the file name ends with ':'. Otherwise, returns False .  This function checks whether or not given filename has
253: Returns the corresponding MIME type from an extension or filename based on its content and formatting style .  For example : text
254: Encode the given input as minutes since midnight in one line of python script .e..g, if you pass '9
255: Adjusts the pose of each frame to match another reference position by moving towards it using linear interpolation between current and target
256: Converts decimal to binary. If the number is negative then it adds extra 'bits' and conversts back into
257: Returns the appropriate endpoint based on inputted 'Event'.  If no match is found in our mappings then it returns
258: Checks if the given string represents an URL or not . ... .. :param   urls    The
259: Returns only the first 8 characters of each property name. This is used to filter out non properties from dataframe rows that
260: Returns the process with minimum time value from given class of Process objects .'s name is 'get Minore Class NR
261: Clean the unshelted battle field by removing unneed characters like [ and ]. The function returns cleaned string of character
262: Clean and normalize text lines by converting to lowercase, removing punctuation marks & splitting into individual characters/words –
263: Determine if the given power state can be applied to an object.  This function checks whether it's possible by comparing
264: Decodes the given string to lowercase. 	Inputs : str, Output = Lowercased String . e..
265: Remove the arguments from function call if any exist, return only name of method/function without args or parameters  .  ```
266: checks if the string has at least one number or not  Code snippet to test it out : assertions .contains
267: Convert coordinates to string. 	Inputs : list of tuples or lists with three elements representing xyz coordinate
268: A function that generates the message to be printed.  The length of both input strings are calculated and then combined with some additional
269: Compose color in RGB format. The function takes three parameters representing the red ,绿，蓝 components of an image and returns
270: Moves file from source to destination. 	Inputs : Source and Destination paths of the files . Returns list with
271: Returns the string .old. followed by version number as input parameter to indicate that it is an old extension or not supported in
272: Convert file name into BazeL test naming convention – ie., convert it from the local system's path
273: Convert string to date format. 1980 -> 7th Oct, 'Aug' => 3rd Aug .
274: Prints the integer i. return type is boolean indicating whether printing was successful or not, true if printed successfully else false .
275: Remove trailing dots and zeros from the end of strings.  This function will also handle multiple consecutive spaces at start/
276: Turn the right most ‘zero’ bit of an integer into 'one'. If all bits are zero, return original number
277: A function that calculates the nth Fibbonaci number using memozation. The first two numbers are always zero
278: Write text to file in specified path and with the given character set .  Returns length of written string if successful else -1
279: Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to 1 that is not divisible by any number upto and including 'N
280: Remove XML namespace from the given string, if present in it; otherwise return original input as is – ie., strip
281: This function takes two parameters and returns the element at specified position in CSV string as an output .  It splits input
282: Determine if the given number x falls within 90% of its distribution. If it does not fall in either half
283: Convert string into cammel case format – all lower first letter and underscores between each word are capitalized . For
284: This function strips leading and trailing whitespace from the input string. It uses recursion to find non white space characters in
285: Calculates the utility of an agent.  If 'maxi' is True then it maximizes otherwise minimises over two
286: Replace the offsets in UTC timezone with Ist and British Standard Time respectively.  For example, if input is
287: A function to calculate the number of spaces at start in each level. This is used by the indentation algorithm which determines
288: This function checks if the file with given name has been compressed using gzip format or not .  It returns True when it
289: Check whether the given RGB color value represents lightness or not . If it does then return True otherwise False	. Returns true only
290: Returns the loud level in phonetic scale as an approximation of human perception by using logarithmic function to convert from real number range
291: This function takes in the top left and bottom right coordinates of an image as input. It calculates its centre point using these
292: This function checks if the length of word is between 3 to less than or equal with  16 characters. It also
293: Computes the exact match score between predictions and corresponding ground truths.  It counts how many of these pairs are correct by
294: Returns the id of an object's soils. The function is used to identify which type or subtype/version,
295: Inserts an ID into the given URL by stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from it before appending to end
296: Count the number of spaces present within given string. 	Inputs : A String, Output -> An Integer representing space
297: Checks if the given input is in an array of strings. If it's found return true else false .  It
298: Find the latest modified date among two dates. If both are same return it as is otherwise returns one of them .  [
299: Checks if the given symbol represents an end of line or text. 	Inputs : A string representing one character,
300: A function to recursively "unwrap" nested lists.  It takes in an array of numbers and returns the summed
301: A function that calculates the sum of all numbers in an integer. The input is converted to string and then each digit from
302: Returns the width of an indicator that is used to separate two values in different columns.  The value returned depends on how much
303: Convert an integer to Roman numerals.  Code: https://github.com/jamesarosenberg/.python .
304: Defines function to calculate the total of three numbers.  Code is in Python language and uses integer inputs only . The result
305: Parses and returns information about an openbabel molecule's windows. The function takes as input one string
306: A function to calculate the recursive and non tail call version of an integer's Factoria. Code is written in Python
307: This function takes in an URL and returns the base part of it, ie., everything before '?' character or none at
308: Code to convert file permissions into readable format.   Input is the octal representation of permission and output will be in
309: Calculates the Diagonal Mode Frequency of an antenna array with given parameters – Directional Multipath Effects
310: Returns the center of given bounds in longitude and lattitde coordinates .   # noqa E986
311: Calculates the square of an equilateral triangle's diagonal, given its length as input parameter 'diagonal'. The
312: This function takes the number of seconds as input and returns it in HH::MM format. It is used to display how
313: Checks if the given string is an all numerics, letters or uppercase sequence .  If it's not then
314: Check if the file at filename has gzipped content or not using python built in functions . The function returns True when it
315: Checks if the input string represents true, yes OR 1 in any case sensitive manner .   [ ] ;]
316: Checks if string is null terminated. If it's not then returns false else true . This function will be used
317: Given two integers 's' and average of the array elements. Calculates summation from start to end with incrementing by
318: Check if the file extension and path are valid. 		    .  			    										.
319: Remove duplicates from list of strings, converting to lowercase and ignoring case differences between elements within the same string grouping
320: Finds all possible moves on the board.  Returns them as list of integers from index to move piece into position, or
321: Cut repeated characters in the given string. If character repeats more than specified number of times then replace it with "#". Return
322: Returns the list of mismatches found on each position.  This is done by checking that there are no two identical consecutive
323: This function generates the new line character string. It takes an argument that determines how many times to repeat it and returns its content
324: Returns the state of comparison between two bibcodes. If they are identical -> MATC; if different but
325: Parses an integer into its word representation. 0 is represented as 'Zero'. If the input number isn't
326: Split the data into batches of size 'n' using multiple workers. This function splits an input dataset
327: Parses an RGB string into its constituent components and returns them as integers – one at time .  1st
328: A function to parse the binary representation of an integer.  It uses recursion with backtracking until it reaches base cases
329: This function returns the intersection of two boxes. It uses recursion to find all characters that are present in both strings and return
330: A recursive function that maps the format string to its corresponding pythonic representation. It takes two parameters; one is an input
331: This function calculates the height of YouTube logo.  It takes three parameters and returns their sum as output .   The first
332: Returns the string with minimum length from an array of input. If multiple such elements exist, returns any one among them randomly chosen
333: Compute the square of each component in vector.  This is equivalent to computing Euclidean norm squared or L²norm
334: Checks if the current state of ‘game’ has resulted into win condition. If yes, returns true else false .
335: A recursive function to compute the total of all numbers from one number upto another. The two parameters are inclusive on both
336: This function takes an input string and converts it into python naming conventions by replacing hyphens with underscores,
337: Create SAS URL to access the specified Azure Blobs in Container with Read permissions from any IP address and no expiration
338: Returns the mask of specified bits. For example, if you call `getMaskOfBits([3])` it will
339: Counts the number of digits in an integer. Code is helper function to calculate digit numbers recursively .   [3
340: Convert HTML entities to their corresponding characters and escape special symbols like &, < , > etc.. ...and return the
341: Check if given string matches expected error message lines – used to identify whether an exception occurred due some unexpected input/output issue
342: This function replaces all spaces with hyphens.  It is used to generate CSS class names from user input strings or variables
343: This function takes an array or list, and returns only one line from each element that starts either by `let` ,  `
344: Finds the maximum length of any string within an array/list, ignoring empty strings and commas between elements .
345: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two integers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on
346: Remove the domain part from an email address string – only keep username and hostname parts of it . e..g.,
347: Check if the first character of string `str` starts with an "*" symbol. If it does, return true; otherwise
348: Returns the string associated with an inputted 'Agent Name' in dictionary format if it exists; otherwise returns original AgentName as
349: A function to parse escape sequences in strings. It takes an input string and returns the corresponding unescaped characters as output."
350: This function escapes special characters within the given string. It replaces backslashes with double underscores and unicode
351: Creates the path to an ipny notebook file with "testing"-suffix appended – used in testing and
352: Convert Dip to Strikes. Converts the given degree of depression into strike angles, taking account that it is measured
353: This function calculates the maximum amount of water that can be contained in different containers. It uses two pointers to track
354: Generates the XOR Checksums of strings.  The input string should be encoded with "!" and ends by *
355: This function generates the next value in an iterative process of modifying and cooling down. It is based on Cauche
356: Deciphers the format of an encoded string to its original form .e..g., "samplenamesample"
357: Defines function to greet the user. 	Inputs name as string, returns hello message with inputted names in
358: Shortens the input string to 64 characters or less, appending an ellipsis if necessary and returns it as
359: Clean the list of person's name by removing any extra spaces and converting to lower case  .  	Input : ['
360: Convert directory names to titles, replacing underscores and hyphens with spaces then capitalizing the first letter of each word in
361: This function returns the description of all set in given number. It uses binary representation to determine which sets are active or nonactive
362: Returns whether the player who starts first can forcefully win by playing optimally. If it's even, he/she
363: Remove semicolons and equals signs from the input string.  This function is recursive to handle nested brackets/parent
364: Calculates the number of hours in given time duration. If input is negative, returns zero as it's not possible to
365: Create an unique function name based on the given parameters.  This is used to uniquely identify UDFs in Spark SQL
366: Convert pdf file to string. This function will convert the given PDF into text format and return it as one long un
367: Converts Hexadecimal data to string. The input is expected in the form of list or tuple containing two
368: Preprocessing list of strings. 	Inputs -> List[str] Output => None, returns nothing but modifies
369: Convert decimal number to hexadecimal. 16 bits per byte in the output string . The function returns an upper
370: This function counts the number of unique nonempty tokens in given string, considering punctuation as part ‘word’ delimit
371: Convert string to date time object in python 3 .	Inputs : name -> input_string ,format => '
372: Calculates the score of how much power is needed to sustain given load. The higher value means more energy will be consumed and
373: A function to convert an integer into its digits.  It uses recursion and the fact that it only accepts integers as
374: Convert UUID string to NBT format, where each part of the ID is converted into an integer and then shifted by some constant
375: Returns the value of 'r' in terms that it represents how many times an object is counted. The function takes two parameters
376: Parses chromosome and coordinates from string representation of genomic region in the form "ChrX_start"-
377: Returns the arguments in reverse order. 	Input : True/False , integer or float . Output = Tuple of revers
378: Convert the 'publisher' field to uppercase and return it as formatted string – first letter capitalized, rest lower
379: This function calculates the minimum amount of steps to reach from 4 points on an empty grid with one point per layer.
380: This function checks if the given string represents an .JSON history log or not by checking whether it ends with ".Json".
381: Return the name of an installed Python Package without its version number if it exists, otherwise return original string .  [P
382: Generates hash value of the given coordinates. Used in spatial partitioning algorithms like kd tree or octree to quickly locate
383: Convert binary string to integer. Code is recursive and uses bitwise operations . The function takes as input the representation of an
384: Returns the credit card score of an individual. The function takes one argument, which is assumed to be their account balance in dollars
385: Returns the closest integer to 1/sqrt of given number multiplied by two times its own value . The result is less
386: Returns the overlap between two intervals.  The first value is maximum of overlapping interval and second one are start point & end
387: Create an MQTT Topic to discover devices. ... ... . mqtt client and subscribe
388: This function calculates the frequency of an octave in Hz based on its number, where each note is represented by one sem
389: This function calculates the maximum number of times two strings end together. It does so by comparing each character from both sides and
390: Check if the given string represents an absolute Windows file system directory.  This function will return True only when it finds any of
391: Adds an operator to the end of string.  If index is greater than zero then adds space before it else nothing .
392: Check if the file has an HTML (.htm, .php etc.)  Extension in its name or not?
393: This function takes in an input version string and returns the branch name from it, removing all prefixes like 'release' or
394: This function takes as input an array of strings, splits them into individual elements and removes any leading or trailing whitespace
395: Computes the difference of each element in an array with respect to its previous one. The first value is always “one
396: Returns the dimensions of an image in pixels at specified MIP map level. This function is used to calculate texture size and other
397: Check if the given string contains only valid DNA sequence. A TETRA molecule consists of four different types characters ('
398: Sanitation of names to be used in filenames or URLs, replacing special characters with underscores – e
399: Returns the name of PyPy's packages without version information from an input string, ie., removes '==', '.
400: A function that counts the number of occurrences in one string.  The character to count is passed as an argument."
401: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
402: Convert the id of credit card definition to sequence number . This function is used in creating new instances and updating existing ones
403: Given the number of cards and how many to cut at once. Return what card should be placed in that spot after cutting all
404: Returns the fee multiplier based on GWEI used as input to estimate transaction fees in WeChat Pay, Alipay
405: Checks if the first character of string is uppercase or not .  If it'll be true then checks whether all
406: Round up the number to nearest multiple of ten . e..g, if num is  34 it will return   >
407: Checks if the given string is an amount measurement heading in recipe book format 0% .   # TODO : implement function
408: Remove all line breaks from the given string and strip any leading/trailing whitespace in each sentence, then return as one
409: Returns the number of hours and minutes from seconds. The result is in format HH : MM . SS   e..
410: Convert string to DPID, where the first two characters are hexadecimal representation of decimal pid . If no second
411: Return the name of an npm module without its @version tag if it exists, otherwise return None or empty string .
412: This function returns the coordinates of an element in 3D space. The x and/or z coordinate is incremented by
413: Convert given number of ms to human readable format. Example usage -> print("Time is ", end="") ;
414: This function rounds the income to nearest thousand. If less than $4, it returns zero; otherwise return rounded value of input
415: Parses an Atom block from the given content and returns it as list of lines .  The function ignores comments
416: Convert the given fractional part of an atom's atomic number to its molecular weight in g/mol, using empirical
417: Adds the ShipYard Link in Message – Clicking on it will open an edit page of that specific post
418: Calculates the length of hypotenuse in Pythtago's triangle using base and height as inputs
419: This function replaces all tabs and empty spaces in the input with characters. It uses recursion to handle nested tabulations or
420: This function takes in the URL path and returns only job id from it, if possible; otherwise return None . This
421: Checks if the first character of string "keyword" matches either with W, followed by any other characters. If yes then
422: Checks if the input number n can be rearranged to form palinromic. A string of digits that
423: Convert string to HTML entities.  This function converts special characters into their corresponding html entity codes, so that they can be
424: Checks if two strings are end of molecule.  If they both have dots or arrows but not pipes then return
425: Checks if the file name is of type CGLI.  Returns True or False accordingly .   [ ][.]
426: Convert the input string to all uppercase letters, if possible; otherwise return it as is .  [10 points]
427: Split the input string into an array of options, separated by commas and handle special characters like - or . correctly
428: Convert byte size to human readable form. If the input is larger than ~93GB, it will return in GB
429: This function takes in the id of YouTube video and returns its shorter version as URL . e..g https:/ / www
430: Limit the RGB value to within 16 bit range. If input is larger than given 'limiting' factor then
431: Returns 'yes' if the input is true, else returns `NO`. 	Inputs : Boolean value . Output
432: Check if the given line contains all necessary characters. If yes, return true; otherwise false or none of them are present at
433: This function returns the prefix of an IP address in reverse order, and then reverses it again to return its original form before
434: Check if the given gTest output is from buildbots.  This function will return True when it finds one of these
435: This function takes an IP address as input and returns it in reverse order of the periods, e..g 309
436: Check if the given ARN is approved. 	Parameters : User Name and Arn to be checked . Returns Approval status
437: Parses the given string and returns an array of tokens. The separator is used to determine where each token should be
438: Counts the number of True Positives in two lists.  Code is incomplete as it does not handle empty inputs or non
439: Generates key based on the name and type of an XML schema.  If it's complex/container then returns as
440: Returns true if the given string is not an internal python reserved word.  If it's one of several special cases,
441: This function breaks up the input into individual word list and then joins them back together with spaces in between each one, similar to
442: returns the concept id of domain table.	}" } return map[string] string{for key, value :
443: Find the index of ‘first’ non repeating character. If no such char exists, return '-1'. The function takes
444: Returns the URL of SNP in various formats based on its identifier – r, p or cosmic id' . This function
445: This function calculates the inverse of an integer under modulo operation. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find g
446: Wraps the input string around spaces. If it starts or ends with space, adds extra spacing to ensure that there
447: Checks if the given file path starts with one of several common package directories.  This function uses recursion to check all
448: Create an eMail address from name and the given Email. 	Example usage : "John Doe", john@
449: This function calculates the percentage of bits in an inputted number that are set to one or zero .   [...]
450: Inserts the pieces of string ‘’ into another given position. If there is no piece to be inserted at that index
451: Convert Z value to bin number based on the threshold values of different bins in the range [min, max]. If not within
452: A function to generate the correct form of an object type.  It takes two parameters - 'item' and its quantity in
453: Removes forbiden characters from the input string.  Replaces them with underscores (_).   For example, "
454: Round each element of the list to 'ndigit' decimal places. 	Inputs : List , Number . Returns
455: Convert the given number of hours into readable format. For example if input is '3' then output will be like '-
456: Checks if the given variable name contains only valid characters.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False .   Code
457: Returns the output number of an input/analog pin on Arduino Uno board based upon its name or index, e..
458: Returns the appropriate linking flag to use with an SDK library. If it's not already prefixed by ' - l
459: Calculates the number of months from given total input in terms and returns it as output . The function takes an integer representing how
460: This function checks if the given list of VLANs is valid according to some rules defined in it; ie.,
461: Get the prefix of an array. If it's empty, return nothing; if first character is digit then remove all dig
462: Encodes the input string.  No operation is performed on it as we are just returning same text back to caller .
463: A function that calculates the average of assignments.  It uses recursion to calculate averages from all sublists in an
464: This function takes in the full path of an object and returns its abbreviated form as per .NET convention – it removes
465: Check if the given character is Chinese.  This function uses Unicode to check whether or not it's in any of
466: Convert fish command to zshell equivalent. 1/3 of the time, it just returns original string; otherwise replaces
467: Builds and returns the command string to fetch AWS credentials. This is used by other functions in order not repeat these
468: This function takes an absolute path and removes any dot segment in it by returning the cleaned version of that string after removing all dots
469: Validates the year of birth.  Returns True if validated successfully; otherwise returns false . The function takes in one parameter
470: Merge two strings alternatively.  If one string is empty the remaining characters of other will be added to result in order
471: Check whether there exists any pair of numbers from the list that sum to 'k'.  Return True or False.   Code
472: This function returns the start and end index of each subarray in an array. The number 'n' specifies how many elements
473: A function that returns Fizzy, Buzze or the number itself. If it's divisible by both three
474: Convert bytes to human friendly format using SI prefixes like Kb/MiB etc..   Code snippet provided by
475: This function takes an attribute name as input and returns the same string but with all special characters replaced by their equivalent ones, except
476: This function checks if the input string contains mostly numerics. It does so by checking each character of an incoming sequence and increment
477: This function calculates the relative brightness of given RGB colors in terms … . The formula used is based on human perception and
478: Returns the squares of all numbers from num down to zero. The function uses recursion and memoization technique in order not
479: Check if the given list of numbers is strictly increasing or decreasing.  If it's not either one then return false else
480: This function takes as input the path of an image file, splits its base part into parts based on underscores (_
481: A function that safely divides two numbers. If the second number is 1 or -inf it raises an error message stating
482: Create labels from the given index information. 	Inputs : list of indices, Output -> List with corresponding label names
483: This function takes either an integer or array of integers and returns the same value repeated twice. If inputted with another data type
484: This function switches the current turn of X and O.  If it's an invalid input, raises error message stating '
485: Check if the given string is one of several properties that are not strings.  Returns true when it's an unrecogn
486: A function that finds the unique number in an array. The algorithm uses bitwise operations to find out which bits are set and
487: Convert an IPv address to string representation in the form of xxx .xxx ..... xx and yyyy where each part
488: Finish upgrading tar ball install in current directory with given paths .   # TODO : Implement upgrade logic here	.    """
489: Check if the current version of an application can be upgraded to another one by comparing major and minor versions only .  If they
490: Checks if the given IP address string can be validated as an IPv6 Address, returns true/false accordingly –
491: Defines the function to return reversed string. Code is written by [Your Name]. The time complexity of solution will be
492: This function converts special characters to their escaped versions. For example, it replaces \ with \\ and = & | ,
493: Returns an integer value of how much one can earn by selling 1 unit at price x. The function takes in two parameters
494: Convert HTTP response codes to return values. If the input is not an integer, it will throw ValueError exception; if out
495: Convert bytes to megabytes or gigabites based on the input number of bits/byte units and return as string
496: Checks if the given month and day are valid in that specific Year.  If not it returns false otherwise true .
497: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence string inputted by user . The function returns as output an integer between [o ,
498: Encryption function that uses Caesar ciphers with key 'K'. The input is the ASCII representation of text and returns
499: Shift the elements in an array to right by one position.  For example, if input is ['a', 'b
500: This function rotates the inputted text by 'n' symbols. If rotation is more than or equal to length of original
501: Handle status update of loan.	Parameters : 1st parameter is the id and second one represents updated state . Returns an
502: Determine if the given fraction can be expressed as two other fractions sum.  If it's not possible to express
503: Code to check if two strings are matching.  If the second string contains "*" it can match with any character of first
504: Calculates the total memory removed by subtracting sizes of two different objects and adding up to get final result.  The function
505: Returns the number of TERA flop operations per second that can run on an NVIDIA GPU with given name, according to
506: Check if the input string contains only valid characters.  If it does, return true; otherwise false . This function is
507: Calculates the sum of values in an array. If face cards are represented as "Jack", Queen" and King". A
508: Checks whether the given string represents an integer between 98 to  = 64.7% of total number in
509: Compute the spherical harmonics of radius. The result is an array with length equal to n+m and indexed by
510: Return the string if it is empty, otherwise raise an error. – [1pt] —> Code :def
511: Check if the string is one of special keys used by the system to identify data types or identities, and return false otherwise
512: Computes the sigmoide function of an input.  The output is between [0, inf). It's used
513: Calculates the minimum number of orbiting electrons in an atom. The calculation is based on recursion and uses binary representation to
514: Create an Index on the table. --> This function will create and return SQL command to add new indexes in database
515: Ensures that the input string is in Cyrillic and returns it as lowercase if possible, otherwise return an
516: This function takes an object name and strips the namespace from it using ':' as separator . For example if input is "
517: This function cleans the filename by removing any spaces from it, if they exist within filenames on your system – useful
518: This function checks if the input is in lowercase and contains only one character. If so, it returns True; otherwise False
519: This function takes in the path of an external library and returns its last component, which is usually just 'lib' or whatever
520: Returns the index of left child node. The root is considered as an element at position zero, hence it's children are
521: Convert image type to the corresponding format. 1 = png,  3= jpg/jpeg ,4 =
522: Returns the weekday number of date. The function takes three integers as input and returns an integer representing which one is on that
523: Convert an IPv4 or IPV6 formatted string into its hexadecimal representation . e..g., convert("1
524: Returns the user profile string. 	Parameters : Username of type String . Return Type is also as per requirement, which
525: This function takes in an input string and returns the length of that 	string followed by its content. It is used to
526: Check if the given string is syntactically correct.  If it'll be parsed correctly, return true; otherwise false
527: This function returns the maximum value in grid. 	Inputs : list of lists, each sublist is an integer or
528: This function replaces certain characters with underscores. It also removes any character that is part of the list ```[
529: Split the given Fully Qualifed Name into Path and Class Parts – Python Code to be used in other
530: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence. The function takes as input an string representing one long dna sequences and returns its
531: Calculates the variance of Poisson distribution. 	Inputs : Two positive integers 'n' and k . Output is an
532: Compute the Cross Product of two vectors.  The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both input V
533: Compute the Hammings Distance between two strings.  If lengths are not same then raise an error message "arguments
534: Computes the square root of input number 'float' and returns it as result .   [sqrt]   1/3
535: Find the least prime factor of an integer. This function uses recursion to find it by checking divisibility from two up
536: Invert the bytes in an array of integers. This function is used to decrypt data from SBoxes and other similar
537: This function takes an input string and replacess all hyphens (-), underscores (_). with spaces.  It
538: This function is used to calculate the location of the first occurrence in an array. It uses recursion and binary search algorithm,
539: Convert Farenheit to Kilometer per hour temperature scale .  	Inputs : Temperature in degrees of free
540: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
541: Returns the index of shape to be drawn in sequence. If orientation is not recognized, returns default value zero .   [ ]
542: This function formats the given amount to be displayed in US Dollar currency with 3 decimal places and returns it as string .
543: Calculates the fraction of reads that overlap with each other. 	Input parameters are number read pairs and total overlapping pair
544: A function to calculate the polynomial X^Y.  The coefficients are passed in as an array of length nine .   It
545: Reverse the order of characters in each word within string s, but leave spaces between different sentences/paragraph and keep original
546: This function cleans the path by replacing spaces with backslashes and removing leading/trailing whitespaces from paths, which are
547: Clean the file name to remove .txt or other extensions and return only base part of it as string – e..g
548: Parses the first three characters of text as an integer or decimal. If not possible, it will try again with one
549: A recursive function to calculate the Fibo number without using dynamic programming. This is useful when you want an iterative
550: This function splits the input string into individual elements and returns them as list of strings along with cleaned version in one line."
551: Generates the content of tweet. 	Inputs : Preamable text and Message to be included in Tweets
552: Convert string to DNA sequence 	Inputs : String of nucleotides, Output -> A one line description about the
553: A function that copies the first occurrence of an input character in another string to its position and returns it as new strings with all
554: Returns the type of shape that can be fitted with an angle.  If it's square or round then returns 'squ
555: Parse the argument string. If it is inside parentheses then increase or decrease recursion level by one and return position
556: Computes the derivative of Sigmoidal function. 	Inputs and Output is one single number, which represents output value
557: Convert time in seconds to format 'HHMMSS.mmm' . The function takes an integer as input and returns the
558: A function to calculate the maximum number of consecutive spaces in one line. The input is assumed as an ASCII text file and
559: Return the middle part of string 's' with length specified by parameter "amount". If negative value is passed as
560: Returns the value of specified byte's specific binary digit. 0 or not? . e..g., if we have
561: This function takes in an array of strings representing the game's current state and returns it as one line string. The output
562: Convert string representation of software versions into actual integer values that can easily compare and sort them in Python  . The function splits
563: Returns list of elements less than the given 'Limit'. 	Inputs : List and Limit. Output - Filtered
564: Check if two lists are disjoint.  A set of elements from both sets do no overlap at all .   If the input
565: Verifies if the provided directory is part of our project's environment.  Returns false when it isn’t, true
566: Checks if the input string can be converted to hexadecimal color format and returns true/false accordingly . If it
567: Convert string to integer. If the input is 'Blog', return value will be one, if it's ignore then
568: Evaluates precision of the model's predictions based on true positives & false negatives . If both are zero then
569: This function returns the maximum of index modulo with respect to two's complement. If it is less than one then return
570: Returns the second level domain of an URL or IP address, if it exists; otherwise returns empty string .  For example :
571: This function calculates the growth of an investment. It takes four parameters and returns one integer value representing how much money will be
572: Find the major element in an array. If there is no such number return None else returns it as output . The algorithm works
573: Convert XML string to float. If conversion is not possible return the provided or given 'default' value .   [
574: Removes comments from the given input. It only works with single line, double slash or start of block commented lines ('
575: Detects whether the correlation response is empty or not. If it're both empties then returns false alert else
576: Calculates the accuracy of binary classification model. 1 is returned if all predictions are correct else it returns how many incorrectly
577: This function returns the number of bonds in an atom. It determines how many ':' or '-' symbols are present and assign
578: Remove backticks from the content.	Examples of usage : "``code```" becomes just `"""./
579: Convert the given string of comma separated integer or interval pairs into an array containing all integers within that specified by those intervals and exclude
580: Convert datetime to str in format 'HHMMSS' – convert given timestamp into the required output pattern of hours, minutes
581: A function to calculate the cyclic redundancy check. The input is an array of bytes and returns its corresponding integer value in
582: Get the first package in an import path string, if any . is present else return original input 	.e.-g.,
583: Returns the label based on threshold. If x is greater than given thrsholder then return 'True', else false'.
584: Sign in to the system using username and password provided by user input .   [Command = User Input]    return
585: Create help text. Options are displayed as bullet points with indentation based on the depth of nesting within function calls or
586: A function to count the minimum amount of operations needed in order from n through zero. The only operation allowed is subtraction by
587: Prepare target variable. If the input is less than or equal to  36, assign value of zero; if it
588: Converts characters to their corresponding labels in the library. If not found returns '-1'. The function is recursive as
589: This function determines the IP version of an input string. It returns either IPv{A, B} format or None if it
590: Convert the given period of time in string format to number. The input is expected as 'hhmmss'. For example "
591: Check if the given filename ends with .YAML or YML extension – returns True/False accordingly   - Code
592: This function takes an input string and returns the same as output. The first character of each word is capitalized, followed by
593: Convert the number of Bytes to its equivalent in terms on GB, MiBs or KiBS. If it is less than
594: This function takes as input an array of characters, breaks it into individual tokens based on whitespace character (" ") .  It
595: Set the number of threads to be used in parallel execution. 0 means no threading, >1 is multi processing unit
596: Returns the size of last valid chunk in bytes.  If there is no data after 'end' then return total_size
597: Returns the C++ field type based on its intrinsic size or byte count in bits and bytes respectively .  If it is
598: A function that converts an integer to its Théorème de Morfologie equivalent. The conversion is done
599: Check if the file with given name has MachO format (.dylib or .so).  If it does then return True
600: Generates n digit numbers randomly from the set {1,...,n} .	Example usage : print("Random number is ",
601: Check if the given Unicode character belongs to Chinese characters. This function returns True when it finds any of these chars,
602: Split an integer into multiple pieces. The number of elements in each piece is determined by the 'parts' parameter and they
603: Remove translation suffix from the given string based on argument provided by user .  If no arguments are passed then it returns original text
604: Find the appropriate name of an Interacting Type based on its input string representation .  If it is not recognized, raise
605: Join two paths together. If the first path is absolute then it will be used as base otherwise relative to current directory of execution
606: Aligns the given intervals.  If one of them is smaller than another it returns that as result; if they are
607: Check if all novelties are known.  If so, return True; otherwise False .	Input : A list of No
608: 3. Code: Defines the function 'times' that takes as input an array of ten integers and returns two numbers
609: Convert the given string to an integer major number in .NET Core runtime versions format – eg, "3" or ".
610: Returns the type of image based on its extension. If it is jpg or png, return appropriate mime string else
611: This function calculates the difference between sums of squares and square numbers. It returns an integer value which is equal to b^
612: This function checks if the given string contains only characters that are considered as "specials" by our program. A character being
613: Normalizes JSONPath to be used in an AJV validator.  If the path is . then it returns $
614: Returns the number of '.'s in an array that is formed by concatenating `num` copies each time it'll
615: returns the model field type based on its string representation. If it doesn't exist, returns None .   [
616: Check if the given list of elements is an index header. --> This function checks whether three items in order are
617: A function to calculate the value of paddings. Padding is used in convolutional layers and it determines how much space
618: Remove URL from text using Python' builtin functions and split/filter operations – one line solution with recursion .
619: Calculates the number of ways to color vertices in an undirected graph with n nodes and m edges. The first node
620: Find the maximum number of digits in an integer. The function takes as input one positive integers and returns how many numbers can
621: Generates colors from the color Wheels. The position of 'dot' on wheels is used to determine which part in RGB
622: Returns True if the input string value represents False, No or Null/None; otherwise returns false .  This function will be
623: This function takes in lists of integers and returns the same integer arrays but with all elements having equal number. If there are more
624: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
625: A function to check if the given 'Annotation' is present in list of Annotation.  If it exists return true else
626: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. This function uses recursion to compute
627: Extract the ratio of numeric characters to total number from each string inputted into it by user and return as list with
628: Calculates the negative confidence inversion rate.  If there are no true negatives or false positives then returns nan .
629: Clean path names by removing dollar signs and replacing them with underscores if necessary – e..g., "my_
630: Learning rate policy that decreases the learning rates by an exponential factor at each stage. 	Parameters : int -> float or
631: Returns the middle character of string. If there is an even number, returns two characters in between them; if odd return one
632: Returns the input string with its initial character capitalized if it is an uppercase letter, otherwise returns unchanged .  This function
633: Clean the file name by removing .CSV extension. If no such an ending, return original string as it is not in
634: Expand the segment of frames from 'stop' to either end with target number. If it is possible return new frame range
635: Convert string to boolean, True if the input is 'True', False otherwise 	. Example : bool_val=str2
636: Checks if the number is composite. If it'll be used as part of an algorithm to check primality or similar
637: This function takes two colors as input and returns the blended result of these colours. The blend is done by subtracting
638: Returns the first character of an input string if it contains underscore, else returns original value – Code snippet to
639: Check if the message type can be used as an input to generate messages. This function checks whether or not it's possible
640: Constructs an RSS feed URL.  If the provided url is not absolute then it prepended with / .
641: Check if the given number or string represents frequency.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .   [...]"
642: This function counts the number of digtis that are either 6,8 and/or length is less than equal to four
643: Determine the label of an element in vocabulary. 	Parameters : Label and List . Returns string representation corresponding to that
644: A function to calculate the sum of cubes from one number upto another. The numbers are passed as arguments and return their
645: Checks if the given 4x1 matrix has all rows with exactly three zeros. If yes then returns True else
646: Return the coordinates of destination point in 3D space. The input is an object that represents one or more regions to
647: Returns True if the two strings are equal in length. Otherwise returns False .  If they're not of same size then
648: Convert Hex color to RGB. Code is written in Python language and uses builtin functions of python like assert(),int()
649: Check if the given filename ends with 'py', or contains both "ip" but does NOT contain either of them,
650: Returns True if the given parameters indicate that test case is failing.  Otherwise returns False . The function checks whether current branch and
651: Returns whether the given integer has bit at specified position set.  If it does then returns True else False .   The function
652: This function takes as input an array of strings, splits them into individual molecules and returns the ids from each one if
653: Normalizes the string by replacing special characters with their equivalent in ASCII space character and removing non printable ascii symbols
654: Create function to determine the type of padded input. Padding is used when training neural networks with smaller sequences in convolutional
655: Checks if the given integer input 'n' can be expressed as perfact square.  Returns True or False accordingly .
656: Checks if the given token string can be used as an identifier. This function checks whether it contains only alphan
657: Defines function to check if an array of three elements forms the PON sequence.  It checks that all characters in each
658: Get the number of bytes required to store an integer in binary. The function takes two parameters - 'max' and "the
659: A recursive function to return the letter at position 'n' in alphabetical order. For example, if you
660: Filter spilled over files in the given directory.  This function will return an empty string if there are no more file names
661: This function checks if the file extension of an image is one among PNG, Jpg or Gif and returns True/
662: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as str.center() but with underscore characters inserted between each group
663: Returns the rows and columns from flat index to their respective channels.  The function takes as input an array of integers representing one
664: Checks if the first and last character of string are Unicode characters. If they're not, it returns false;
665: This function calculates the heat transfer coefficient between two points in space. The equation is derived from thermodynamic equilibrium and it
666: This function calculates the value of an object at time t using linear interpolation between two points with given times and values in
667: This function takes in an input string of the form 'YYMMDD', splits it into year, month and day components
668: This function converts an input into its corresponding One Hot Encoded form. For example - If the given number is '3
669: Count the number of bits in an integer. The function uses recursion to calculate it by shifting and masking until all bit
670: Checks if the given string contains only valid characters. 1st character must be alphanumeric, and can contain
671: Convert MIDI note number to frequency in Hz using Mel scale conversion algorithm .	Inputs : midiNoteNumber,
672: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output but with each first character converted to uppercase if it
673: This function returns the smallest number in an array of numbers. It uses recursion to find and return minimum value from given list
674: Create an API URL to drop caching.  The host is the server name or IP address where cache will be dropped .
675: Extracts the lower 'K' bits of an integer. The result is returned as another number with only K least significant
676: Remove all backslashes from the input string "text". This function is used to remove any escape characters that may
677: Check if the input string represents an AWS MediaLive channel ARN.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or
678: Convert the given degree of direction to beta in radians, ie., convert from degrees into range [−π/4
679: Convert video time in minutes and secs to string format. For example, input of '3' returns output as ':'.
680: Parses the Authorisation Header from an HTTP request or response, returning only token part of it if present else raises
681: Returns the integer part of an unsigned short value. The function takes as input one parameter, which is expected to be in range
682: Convert the given value to scientific notation.  The result is formatted as 'x.' where x represents number of significant figures in
683: A function that checks if the given tweet has RTs/MT tweets.  If it does, returns true; otherwise
684: Returns True if the given key of music notation. The input should be an integer between -6 and +3 indicating which oct
685: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output, but with each line prefixed by four spaces to
686: Checks if the current index is in range of parts.  If not it returns False else True .  	Examples
687: Check if the given IP address is valid according to standard IPv6 notation . This function will return true only when all
688: Returns the correct article to use based on whether or not it's an English word beginning with vowels, and if so
689: Convert the given number of Seconds into Hours, Minuts and Secounds. For example if input is '48
690: This function partitions ESPs and ESM files in the given directory. It recursively goes through all subdirectories of provided
691: Defines three functions that perform different operations on two integers. The first function adds the numbers directly and returns it as an integer
692: Convert RGB to BRG color format. This function takes an input of type 'tuple' and returns the converted
693: Calculates the status of logical operations. If AND or OR is used with more than one subsystem then it returns ALAM
694: Compare two lists. If the second list is subset of first one then return True else False .  [1 pts]
695: Convert the given position to row and col in chess board. If it's white piece return reverse of that else just
696: Convert string to day in hours and minutes, convert it into total number of days since the epoch .   Code is used as
697: Computes the percentage of word usage in given string by counting occurrences and dividing it with total number tokens/words
698: Checks if the given PR number exists in target URL.  If it does then returns true else false . The function checks
699: This function generates the string to be sent over serial communication.  The parameters represent whether or not each of two wheels is moving
700: Initialize the method normalizers with specified initialization methods and return them as an array of strings, each string is one normalization technique
701: Compute the overlapping area of two boxes in an image segmentation task using their coordinates and sizes . If no intersection exists return
702: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated as maximum of minimum horizontal and vertical distance from one
703: Encodes the string s into unicoded format using utf_codec . Returns decode result as str type, if possible
704: This function generates all possible combinations of atoms given their coordinates and corresponding atom names.  It uses the input list to generate new
705: Checks if the given regex matches any part of PDB file names.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false
706: Check if the given string matches any of several regular expressions.  If it does then return true else false . This
707: This function takes in an input list, formats it into one string with each element separated by comma. It also adds the last
708: This function takes an string as its argument and returns the same but without any special characters. It only accepts numbers, letters from
709: Rotates the left part of an integer by specified number. The rotation is done using bitwise operations and masking technique to
710: Checks if the given 'end' is at or after any part of inputted "starting" .  If it
711: Checks if the inputted text/sentence reads same backward as forward, case insensitive and ignores non alphan
712: Checks if two lists are partitioned into the same elements in different orders or not – ie., they contain exactly
713: Convert the string into private. 	Example usage :to\_privatestring("hello") -> "_helloo
714: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces and then trims each substring to its
715: Returns the reversed position of an element in array. This function is used to calculate how far from end one has reached when
716: This function checks if the given input size in bytes can be divided by 8 without leaving any remainder, which means it'
717: Calculates the bucket count in heap at level.  k is number of elements and L levels down from root to current node
718: Returns the value of specified 'bit' in binary representation. If it is not set then returns zero else one . The function
719: Set the default logging levels. 1 - debug,  0 or lower is info and anything higher than that will be warning
720: Extracts the issue number from an input string of format "Title #IssueNumber".  The function returns only Iss
721: Transform the file into list of lines and return it as output  .   Code is used to read an input textfile
722: A function that adds two integers. If both inputs are zero it returns the result as 'zero'. if only one of them
723: Compute the reporting interval based on count of items. If more than ~9, return as is; if less or equal
724: Round down the address to nearest lower multiple of alignment. If alignement is zero then return original value else perform
725: Builds the URL of TED Talk page based on given number, returns string format url . ...	def
726: Treats the input as an object of type Category and returns its name in lower case stripped off any leading or trailing
727: Returns the commands supported by QHelp system based on strip or not . If it's true then removes leading/trailing
728: Returns an array of n elements with all zeroes except the element at index 'i'.  For example if we call `
729: Checks if the number 'divide' can be divided by another given integer.  If it does then returns True else
730: Get the domain part of an email Address – e..g, if input is "testuser+alexander9
731: Get the private key of user with given username and wallet number. 	Parameters : User name as string , Wallety
732: Checks if the given string is formatted as date.  This function uses recursion to check each character of input and stops
733: Checks if the given 'board' has either horizontal wins by players.  Returns True when there is at least one win
734: Computes the accuracy of predictions. The function takes two lists as input and returns an integer representing prediction' s correctness in
735: This function takes in one string and returns the first word of that sentence as its output, which is usually used to identify genes
736: Checks if the given string starts with "MN" or not".  Returns True when it does, False otherwise."
737: This function pads the given number with zeros on left side to make it of length 'pad'. For example if we call
738: Returns the midpoints of two points. The function takes in as input tuples representing coordinates on an axis and returns another
739: Normalizes the frame rate to nearest integer value between given range (* 1 and *). If input is not within these values
740: Returns the first element of an XPATH expression. 	Example usage : 'xp://div[@id="
741: Counts the number of elements in an array that are greater than their previous element. The function starts counting from index zero and
742: A function to calculate the square root of an integer. It uses binary search algorithm with iterative approach." ---"}}
743: Returns the name of host group based on given integer input or unknown if not found in map .  1st line is function
744: Computes the perfect tree height. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value in terms of depth or level
745: Checks if the given distribution name starts with '-e' suffix/ prefix – used to indicate that it can be edited
746: Migrated packetbeats configuration to new format in the config file – interfaces, protocols and procs are moved from
747: Validates the storage type.  Returns an error message if invalid, else returns None .   Example usage :validate('local
748: Check if the given Blurl hash is valid. If it's not, return false else true . The validity of bl
749: This function calculates the Precisions & Recalls of an identifier system using two lists as input parameters - one list is Gold
750: A function that converts an integer into its Roman numeral equivalent. It raises errors if the input isn't within valid
751: This function calculates the total ways to make change using different types of coin denominations. The input is an integer representing how
752: checks the status of an abcd lexical cluster.  If it's not equiv or error on any stage
753: This function takes an OS version number as input and returns the major, minor or patch part of it after removing epoch information if
754: Remove the last occurrence of 'toRemove' from string "text". If it exists in given input then remove that many characters
755: A function to return the appropriate water quality index 360 value based on input string . If no match is found it
756: Check if two intervals overlap.  If they do not intersect at all then return False else True .  	Example :
757: Convert an alphanumeric id to its corresponding integer value. For example convert the number in hexadecimal format into
758: Convert an index to hours. 	Inputs : Index and Time Span , Remainder . Returns the equivalent hour
759: This function returns the type of an input string based on its extension (.py, .java etc). If it's not
760: Convert list of variables to string. 1st element is the name, second one has value and so on... . For
761: Checks if the given string contains only valid DNA bases ('a','t' or ‘g’, and/or
762: Assigns winning lottery numbers to teams. If there is only one remaining unpicked number it returns an empty list
763: Returns the point along line from start to end with distance 'D'. 	Inputs are coordinates of two points and length
764: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
765: Parses CSV file from text and returns the parsed data as 3D list of integers .' ---
766: Convert overlapping symbols to their corresponding descriptions.  If the first character of symbol is *, ^ or =  then it'
767: Convert MAC address string to list of integers representing the same as binary representation . e..g "0a - bc"
768: Split the string into list of strings using specified character as separator – strip leading and trailing whitespace from each
769: Convert the input string to curation time. 	Inputs are dates in ISO format, outputs is just year and month
770: Initialize control lines and obliques. This function is used to initialize the control line arrays that are required by other functions in
771: Convert an integer to string. If the length of input is 3, prepend 'zero's if necessary . e
772: Check if two strings are anagrams.  If they're not the same length or contain different characters then return False
773: Extract plain text from HTML content using BeautifulSoup library to parse the webpage's source and remove all tags
774: Code checks if the date is in correct format.  If it isn’t, returns false; otherwise true . The year
775: This function splits the input string into two parts at trailling whitespaces and returns them as separate strings – one with
776: Returns True if the given object is crashed, False otherwise  Description of function and its parameters : Code that checks whether an
777: Convert the input string to bytes. If it starts with M, G or T then multiply by respective power of ten and
778: Get the name of DFGraph from Job Name – split by '-' and return second part .   [easy
779: Convert position to string. 1st row is 'B', second column of the grid starts from A with each step moving
780: Checks if the edge of an object is shared with another. If yes then returns True else False . The function takes four
781: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
782: Returns the potential compressed names of files in given directory.  The function is used to generate possible file paths that can be created
783: Check if the given OID number represents an internal entity. Returns True or false accordingly .   [ ] ;]];
784: This function returns the nearest integer to 'y' from an input list of integers. The closer it is towards zero than its
785: Checks if the first character of string `s` represents comment start. 1st char can be '#' or '%
786: Get the ranking of an id from ranks list. If it doesn't exist return '-'.  .   Code length :
787: Calculates the number of elements from given list/array. This function takes an array as input and returns its total
788: Validates the input and returns it if its type matches one of AWS, HTTP or MOCK. Else raises an error
789: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
790: This function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the characters and sorting them before comparison .
791: Returns the calling codes of an international number based on its first three digits .  If it starts with one four zeroes
792: A function that generates an empty matrix of given dimensions filled with zeroes using recursion and iteration in Python" .
793: Converts two natural numbers to their canonical form in the context of Gaussian distributions – ie., mean and standard deviation
794: Loads the data from an array of numbers into memory. Filters out any values that are not within specified range and returns
795: Convert the given number to its string representation in Hexadecimal.  The function takes an integer as input and returns
796: Convert the first letter of each word in input to upper case and return as new String . 	Example : "this is
797: This function takes an FQAN and returns the version of software from it, which is extracted by splitting '/' character in
798: Scale quantities of different types. This function scales the quantity values in two lists by dividing each value with its average
799: Counts the amount of "plus" signs before an equal sign in string. If there is no such symbol it returns zero
800: This function calculates the number of vertices and edge in an Eulers's triangle. The formula is based
801: A function to calculate the score of matching two strings. If one string is empty it returns zero else calculates and return total
802: Convert the permission string to access name based on its value in lowercase and split into first word if it is not all or
803: Get the last part of an STS access policy file from its AWS Key ID or ARN – used to generate temporary
804: Calculates the number of experience points required to reach given skill levels. The formula is based on cube root calculation, but
805: This function takes in the name of an SQL database and returns its sanitized version, removing all spaces from it to make
806: Checks if the string starts and ends with "~~" which are used to denote step in tokenization.  If it
807: This function calculates the remaining number of days and remainder in terms on how many complete units are left. It takes an input
808: Checks if the given string contains only ASCII characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false."}'''.
809: Validates if the given hexadecimal number is valid.  A Hex digit can be either 'x', y
810: Convert boolean to string. 	Inputs : Bool, Output -> String . Converts the input into enable
811: Checks if the game is won by rows, columns or diagonales.  If yes then returns 'X' else
812: This function takes as input text and returns the same string with all spaces replaced by hyphens, underscores or neither if
813: Restore the original name of an anonymous HTML element.  If it's not named, return as is .   An
814: Returns the designation of one line in an array.  The first character is uppercase and followed by any number from zero
815: Checks if the last two characters of an ID are optimal. If they form "one" then returns True, else False
816: Converts an ISO date to Unixtime stamp in seconds since the epoch start of UNIX timestamps .
817: A recursive function to perform bitwise left shifting. The number is shifted by the given amount and then returned as an integer
818: Computes the percentage of correct predictions.  Inputs are predicted and actual values to be compared . Returns an integer representing prediction
819: Convert an IP address to long integer representation using bitwise operations .   Code is written with python language and uses recursion method
820: This function checks if the given string can be considered as an eMail address or not by checking whether it contains exactly one @
821: Check if the last character of input string is semicolumn. If not, append one and return it as output else just returns
822: Validates if the input is in Hexadecimal Color Code format. 16 characters long, starting with '#
823: Returns the maximum overlap between two lists.  If one of them is empty then it returns zero because there's no overl
824: Checks if the given number 'is' palidromic. A string or integer that remains unchanged when its digits
825: Decodes the given number in binary to its decimal equivalent. Code is written using Python language and uses recursion method of solving
826: Returns the output of an OR gate. 	Inputs are in binary format, returns either 'ON' or OFF'.
827: Check if the given file or directory exists. If it does, return its full name; otherwise append / to make sure there
828: Chops the sequence into chunks of given length.  If possible it returns one chunk at most and then all remaining elements
829: Convert RGB color to rgba format .'s'.	Input : A tuple of three integers between [O , O]. Output
830: Convert numbers to their corresponding letters.  Input is text, output will be the same length as it was but with digits
831: Returns True if the string contains at least one lowercase letter, False otherwise .  Code is used to check whether there'
832: Decodes the media origin from hexadecimal string. The input is expected to be in form of binary data, and
833: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The result is calculated by multiplying each number from 'k
834: Returns the number of columns in grid. If not valid, returns zero .   Code length :13 chars or less
835: Returns an array of n rows, each filled with "" strings. This function is used to create the initial state before
836: Checks if the first character of an input string is punctuations. This function will be used to filter out
837: Parses the dependencies of an application from its source file, returns them as list .  This function is used to get
838: Computes the cumulative total of all multiples up to 'N' that are either divisible by both three and five
839: Check if the given filename ends with ".targz" OR " . tar giz".  True means it's
840: Returns the habitation folder number based on input string s . If no match is found it returns default value of zero which means
841: This function calculates the expected value of an input list by summing up each element'd index multiplied with its corresponding
842: This function takes in the name of an input .txt or other text files and returns its corresponding creation date as integer value,
843: This function takes in an input string of nucleotides and returns the reverse complements or their corresponding bases on DNA strand
844: Generates spark messages based on configuration diffs.  The function takes in list of lines from previous configurations as input, generates
845: Clean the string document by removing empty strings and splitting quoted text into separate elements, then joining them back together with no spaces between
846: This function generates the necessary syntax highlighting markup to display Python or any other language's source codes.  The input
847: A recursive function to calculate the first 'N' numbers in an Arithmetical Series. The series is defined as
848: 根据给定的密钥返回一个字符串，表示图像的形状。如果键包含“
849: This function takes an integer as input and returns the number of candles that can be smashed. The logic behind it is
850: This function takes in the name of an OSM TILE and returns its longitude & latitutde as string format separated
851: A dynamic programming solution to the Fibonacci sequence.  It uses an array 'memory' where each element is
852: Processes the given division and returns test results based on whether it contains "Tests" or any other word that is followed by
853: A function to convert an arbitrarily deeply embedded lists into one single level deep sorted by natural order of elements within the original
854: Convert the given input into total number of second in hours and minutes format . e g, if you pass '48'
855: This function escapes special characters used by wild card searches. It replaces '%' with an exclamation mark, and
856: Simulate the state of an organism over time.  The function takes two arguments - 'n' number to simulate and
857: Check if the input string is empty. If it's not, return true; otherwise false . 	Parameters : name
858: Generates an indicator of position changes between two strings. ^ indicates change at that index and space otherwise .""") )
859: Convert the given degree and minute values into an NMEA string format 1/4 decimal notation . e..g.,
860: A function that computes the weighted sum over losses in case where both lists are provided with corresponding weights to each element respectively."
861: Normalizes the string by replacing all occurrences of character p with h.  This is done recursively until there are
862: Convert the given chess engine's notation to its equivalent in terms of index. For example, if it is an e
863: This function returns the time difference between day and night in hours. It takes two parameters 'hemispere' which is
864: Set the character at specific position in string.  If out of range returns original input without modification .  	Example usage :
865: Returns the URL of an API endpoint.  The url is constructed by appending to 'http:/' or '/'. If
866: A function to return the number of classes in an image classification task. It is used when we have different datasets with varying numbers
867: Determine if the robot can return to its starting position after performing given sequence of movements.  The string "UDLR"
868: This function calculates the average length of all unique English language dictionary terms contained within an array/string, separated by spaces or
869: Recursively removes leading zeros from hexadecimal strings.  The function takes an arbitrary string and returns the same
870: Check if the given string is an absolute file system relative.  Returns true when it starts with either / ^ . Otherwise,
871: This function takes the full reddi link and returns its unique identifier as string, which is used to create URL friendly links
872: Computes the modular multiplicative invers of e under Modulo M. If it doesn't exists then raises an error
873: This function checks whether the input string contains at least one upper case character. If it does, returns True; otherwise False .
874: This function checks if the input is an IP address or not by splitting it into segments and checking each segment to be within
875: A function to determine if the input integer 'is prime' or not. It uses recursion and checks divisor upto
876: Returns the value to be used as an upper limit in the calculation of the number and percentage part. If it is less than
877: Count the number of lines in string . 	Inputs : String, Output = Number Of Lines In The Given Input
878: Counts the number of pairs that have common divisors.  This is done by checking each pair'd elements to
879: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the derivative values. It calculates each value by multiplying its index
880: Convert an FTP URL to HTTPS.  If the input is already in https format, return it as such;
881: Convert the given name to an equivalent command line argument or flag, with hyphens replacing spaces and uppercase letters before undersco
882: Convert DDC Key to URI format – convert the given string into an uri compatible with Data Distribution Center's internal
883: Check if the description is within length constraints. If it's not return false else true .  [1 line]
884: 返回一个由输入矩阵的前三个元素组成的列表。如果给定的对象不是长度为十
885: Simplify the alphabet of given string. If there is an uppercase letter replace it with lower case and vice vers
886: Remove all the special characters from input string.  This function is used to clean up user inputs before processing them into an algorithm
887: Convert an integer to string with leading zeros upto specified maximum width – if necessary . If not possible raise error message
888: Generates JKYLL URLs from local file paths to the site root directory, useful in creating relative links between pages
889: Adjust the number of epoch based on given parameters and return adjusted value as an integer . The function takes in training iterations ,
890: Checks if the given word or phrase forms palidromic. A single character and empty string are considered as valid inputs
891: Checks if the sum and product of digits in an integer are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False .
892: Checks if two IP addresses are part of the same 8th subnetwork. A network is considered to be defined by
893: Convert feet to alternative units like meters or centimeters .   Code is used in the function convert which converts distance from
894: Returns the last non mark in reverse order from given string of names separated by hyphen (-).  For example, if input
895: This function splits the given string into multiple strings of length less than or equal to provided limit and returns them reversed order
896: Convert ZAID to ZAI and return the two parts of it. The first part is in tens, second one -
897: Apply the given ratio of oddities to an initial proportions in order convert it into its equivalent value after applying some transformation function
898: Chechs if the NMEA sentence has valid checksums – it should return True only when both sentences are correctly
899: This function returns the winner of tic tack toe board. It checks all possible winning combinations on given 9x7
900: Attempts to get the value of an object' s attribute. If it fails then returns provided or defaults as ‘
901: Returns the most fitting 'female' or ‘neutral’ pronoun based on its usage. It checks different possible
902: Returns the list of supported cryptographic algorithms based on an input string, Tkipping and CCMping are used by default
903: Checks if one string is less than another. If the strings are equal in length then it checks character by char and returns
904: reverses the order of numbers within each list. 	Inputs : List[List]. Output -> [[int]]
905: Checks if the given core speedup limit constant name.  Returns True when it matches any of these names, False otherwise
906: Calculates the target angle based on mean and medians of angles.	Inputs : list -> float . Returns an
907: Count the stuttering in string. Code is based on recursion and dynamic programming approach to solve it efficiently . The function
908: This function reverses the complementation of an input DNA sequence. It uses dictionary to map each nucleotide back into its
909: This function groups property types into categories. It takes as input the type of each house and returns its category based on that information
910: Convert time string to number of seccondes using regular expression and basic arithmetic operations .   Code is used by the function
911: Remove the line matching DNS name from hosts file using sed command and backup it before removing .  If not exist then do nothing
912: Split an interwikilink into two parts. The first part is the prefix and second one - suffix .
913: Convert an integer to the corresponding group of ages.  For example, if input is '6', output will be '"7
914: Returns True if the directory path is empty, False otherwise.  Inputs are not used in any way and only return boolean
915: Convert hours minutes seconds to total number of secs. Code is given in python language and it converts the time duration from
916: This function takes an input file name and returns the base filename without extension .  [Example : if inp = 'test
917: Counts the number of times an increasing sequence is found.  For example [34] -> returns '[],
918: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.	Inputs are three integers between 0 and FF representing the red green
919: This function calculates the batch size based on GPU count. If there is only one or no available device then it returns original
920: Split the timestamp into seconds, minutes and hours parts of time stamp  Code Example : "36987"
921: Counts the number of vowel characters within an inputted text/sentence using recursion and memoization to avoid
922: Remove file extension from the given string, if any exists in it .  If not returns original input as is..   Example
923: Compare two bids on the same item by comparing their price and quantity in descending order . This function returns True
924: Generates the path to an include file. 	Inputs : directory traversal string , type of included content .
925: Checks if the string contains only root souls.  A ":" character followed by "/" indicates that it'll be
926: If the path starts with "/" or "\", strip it out.  Else, return as they are if external works
927: Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to N.  The result is guaranteed by assertions that all inputs are positive integers
928: This function converts an integer to binary representation in Rackot language, which is similar but not exactly the same as Python
929: A recursive function to calculate the total of all numbers in an array. The inner helper method is used internally by main
930: Checks if the given string is an assignment operation in python .  It checks whether it contains equal sign or equals operator and
931: Returns the value of an API URL configuration from mocked data source – used in testing and development environment only .   -
932: Returns the base name of an input file, stripping off any extension and replacing . with _ to make it valid as python
933: Calculates the latenight of work required to complete jobs. 	Inputs : Time taken by worker in hours ,
934: Convert the input color to its corresponding ANSI escape sequence. If not found return empty String . Example : "ansic
935: Check if the first letter of input string is vowels. --> Return true when it starts with any one character
936: Convert the shape of an input tensor to its corresponding h and w.  This is useful when resizing images or other operations
937: This function takes in two lists and returns the combination of each element from first with every other elements present at second position .
938: Checks if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of an integer has been used. If it was not previously
939: Convert an API URL to StackOverflow's website version of the same question or answer, depending on whether it is relative
940: This function takes in an input string that represents the name of something, and returns it formatted as per rules defined by .profile
941: Returns the position of an atom in three dimensions based on its direction string representation . e..g., 'xy' returns[
942: Inverts the order of elements within each sublist.  For example, given an input list [[1 ,  3
943: Convert nuclei ID to its corresponding nuclear symbol .  For example, convert "C10H38" into C
944: A function that returns the result of an operation based on whether it is true or false.  If 'true' then return
945: Checks if the input string can be interpreted as timestamp. A valid time stamp has exactly two digits representing seconds, and
946: Converts an integer to its corresponding ID. For example 'A' is converted as the number one and so on up
947: A function that converts an input string into its equivalent in safe format. If the message is not well formed it will return
948: Returns the input string. 	Input type :str, Output Type:-> ^str . Return value is same as Input
949: Computes the binary representation of an input string. The function takes as argument one character at time and builds up its own result
950: Returns the parent directory of given file or folder. If it is root, returns an empty string . For example : "./
951: Get the directory name from an input file or folder's full absolute/relative paths .  e..g., if you
952: Returns the segmented representation of input list.  If there is no token or it's separator then returns zeroes
953: Generates relative path from the given 'Root' to each of provided list/array "Paths".  This function is
954: A function that returns the most frequently occurring string in an array of strings. If multiple occurrences are found, it will
955: Extracting the “second” word from an input string, if it exists; otherwise return empty String . Code is used
956: Calculates the next power of two that is greater than or equal to window length in samples and equals number o fft points
957: Flatens the list of lists into one long array. The function takes three arguments; 'flat' is an empty container that
958: This function splits an ID into two parts if it has more than 3 components, otherwise returns the original string as is
959: Calculates the square of an inputted length in cm^3 .  	Inputs : Length as float or integer
960: Checks if the inputted word or phrase does not contain any duplicate letters, ignoring case and order of characters in non
961: Sorts the given list of lists by each sublist's first element. If two elements have same value, it sorts
962: Reverse the order of characters in input string. 	Inputs : String, Output -> reversed version as
963: Returns the complement of an RNA string. If input is empty, returns nothing; otherwise it generates and return new String with
964: Convert HHMMSS format to total number of Seconds. If the input is less than or equal two digits,
965: A function to check if the input number 'is' Prime. Code checks whether an integer value passed as argument in parameter,
966: Encodes the binary representation of an integer. If it's zero and one then returns 'zero', if its second bit
967: This function takes as input an n x m  Matrix and returns the list of elements at specific indexed columns.	Example
968: Checks if the given username is an admin.  Returns True or False based on whether it's true that they have
969: Compare two strings without considering case sensitivity and stripping white spaces from both ends of the string." ---"   Code
970: This function checks if the file has an unsupported format or not based on its name and returns true/false accordingly –
971: Implement the function to add two numbers and multiply them together.  The result is then added with another number 'b
972: Defines the function to return string of characters that are present at each index from last character till first. This is done by
973: This function calculates the average of two given numbers and returns it as result."	   .strip() return "
974: Determines if the given slates size & items count should be calculated as expectation values based on their respective sizes .  For
975: Returns the range of indices that should be used to split data into chunks. The function calculates how many elements are left
976: Given 3 lists of integers. Return the intersection between these three sets as another integer array . If there is no common elements
977: Checks if the given string starts with 'generic' or not. ... def isParameterized
978: Check if the module exists in python's standard library or not, return true/false accordingly  .   [10
979: Create an empty data frame with the specified number of rows and columns.  The values in each cell are random numbers between -
980: This function checks the operator's priority. It returns an integer indicating whether 'operatorA', with higher or equal priorities
981: Converts all lower case letters in the input string into upper cases. If an alphabet character is not found, it
982: Return the suffix of an SQS queue name. If it'll be used as part or full prefix,
983: Returns the policy of an agent. The default is to always take action 'do nothing'. This can be overridden in
984: Returns the path of an object. 	Key is used to identify which file or folder in your project structure you want information
985: Returns the numerical representation of cards as per their face/number and suit respectively . For example Ace = `{"suit
986: Removes new lines from start and end of the given inputted text/code snippet, leaving only one line in
987: Returns the appropriate suffix based on whether number is one or more. 	Input -> integer, Output => string . e
988: Generates random strings of given 'lenght'. The generated characters are from the set asccii letters and digists
989: This function converts underscore separated string to CammelCase.  For example, "this is an _example" would
990: This function generates human readable file sizes in bytes to kilobytes or megabyte format based on the input
991: Verify the parameters of sketch name.  Returns True if all conditions are met; otherwise False . The city parameter is required
992: Returns the forecasted run of cycles. Returns an empty list when no such runs exist or there is any error during
993: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when number equals zero which returns accumulator
994: A function that converts single quotes to double and vice versa in the given input.  It uses recursion, which
995: Convert RGB color to HTML format. 16 bit integer input expected."; .' + \''+ hexadec
996: This function generates the reversed and compliments of an input sequence. It uses dictionary to map each original DNA nucleotide
997: Returns the input repeated.  For example, if you call `replicat([3])` it will return [4
998: Compute the area of an intersecting rectangle.  The two rectangles are defined by their coordinates and dimensions in terms relative
999: Removes non ASCII characters from the string. This function is used to clean up strings that may contain special or unprint
1000: This function takes in one string argument, strips leading/ trailling punctuations from it. If the input doesnt contain
1001: Check if the inputted strings are alphanumeric. 1 character long, contains only letters from A to Z/
1002: Clean unicode characters from the input string.  This function will remove all non ASCII character and return only those which are
1003: Returns the inputted word array with only those that have 4 or more characters. This is useful in creating sentences from text
1004: Clean task outputs by removing empty lines and Cnc comments from the end of each nonempty string in an array or list .
1005: This function calculates the number of users in an online network that are currently using it. The result is divided by total km
1006: This function returns the weight of an object based on its proximity to another one, with different weights depending upon how close it is
1007: Calculates the number of months between two dates. If one or both years are not provided it will return total month count from
1008: Convert DPID to integer value .'s the function takes in an argument of type string and returns its equivalent as hex
1009: This function escapes special characters in the input string. It uses recursion to handle nested quotes and escaping of all other
1010: Checks if the length of provided string is between [3,16] characters long. Also checks that it contains only
1011: Check if the given line contains only horizontal rules.  If so, return True; otherwise False .	Example :is\_
1012: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1013: Checks if the given offset corresponds to any of our defined 'special' characters. This can be used as an indicator that
1014: Calculates the Lamb's Blaser'd score, which is used to measure the effectiveness of an algorithm in solving certain
1015: Calculates the sum of all numbers from one to given number. This is done by using Gaussian rule which states that every integer
1016: This function checks if the given string of parentheses/brackets are validly formed using Python' builtin list data
1017: Returns the file extension of filename as string, e..g .txt,.py etc...  [0 points ]   Code
1018: Returns the number of added features based on whether AM or LM is included. If both are absent then returns zero as no feature
1019: Calculates the area of an equilateral triangle. The formula is used to calculate it using base and height as inputs parameters
1020: Maps weather icons to their corresponding Wicons from ForeCast IO API .  If the provided input is not in our mapping
1021: Calculates the price after applying given percentage of disount to it . e..g : if original cost is $34
1022: Computes the square of sums. 	Inputs x, an iterable containing numbers or other types that can be added
1023: Selects the type of annotation from given list. If no match is found, returns none  Code snippet : `
1024: Finds the first empty cell on board.  If no such cells exist it returns 'None'.   Code is used to
1025: Returns the given region as rows of columns, but with each column being its own list. The order is from bottom to top
1026: A binary search algorithm to find the square root of an integer. The function takes two parameters; number and bit which is used
1027: This function takes an input string, filters out non alphabetic characters using the ASCII values of lowercase/upper
1028: Determine if the given type of neural network is inception v. 1D convolutions only or not, i
1029: Generates hostnames from IP addresses. The generated names are in the format xxx .xxx..xxxx where each byte is
1030: Returns the relative data path.  This function returns an absolute file system based on input string which is used to get full paths
1031: A function to check if the given number is present within an array. If not it will recursively call itself until found or
1032: A function that generates the correct number of space characters. This is useful in creating indentation levels or other formatting requirements
1033: Generates the filename of an audio file with given sampling rate in kHz, e..g., _36kH
1034: A recursive function to calculate the minimum number of blocks needed. The input is two integers representing lengths and sizes respectively which are
1035: A simple function to add two integers. 	Inputs : Two integer numbers as inputs and returns their summation .
1036: This function calculates the logarithmic probability of each node. It takes as input two parameters - score and sub graph count .
1037: Convert the given number of milliseconds to string representation. The result is formatted as $xxB or xxK depending on
1038: Validates if the given string contains only numerics. If it does not contain any digit then returns true else false .
1039: A function that returns the string of usernames in list. If input is empty it will return an emtpy str
1040: Replace ':' with the first character of string, and replace '\':' –> ':'. This function is used
1041: Convert file paths to filenames, taking into account the OS and separator type used in your system – e..
1042: Parses the input string to return its reverse.  Code is written in Python language and uses recursion method . The
1043: Checks if the sequence is composed of only bases that are allowed.  If not, it returns false; otherwise true .
1044: Computes the mass of protein in grams. The formula used is based on molecular weight calculations, where each amino acid
1045: Convert string into anchor ids .e..g "hello world"-> hello--world	.d... <j
1046: Removes newline characters from the input string and replaces them with spaces, preserving other special character sequences as they are .
1047: Check if the given type is environment variables and/or files, respectively – returns true when it's one of them
1048: This function takes an integer and returns the SSL thumb print as string. The input is converted to hexadecimal form then
1049: Shortens the given id by removing all but one dash and returning only its final part  Inputs : A string of an
1050: Convert string representation of bounding box to integer values in the form [x1 y1 xy z].  This function
1051: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the smallest number in that list if it contains at least three distinct elements; otherwise
1052: Find the minimum time to travel from one location on earth's surface.  The function takes two lists of locations as input
1053: Extract the percentiles of BMI from string s. 	Input format is "<number>%". Output will
1054: Get the usage page id from an extended property. The function takes in one parameter, which is supposed to be of type '
1055: Count the number of ones in binary representation. Code is an implementation to solve problem "Counting Ones" on Leet
1056: Split the given string into separate reactions based on spaces, excluding empty strings or special characters like + => - .
1057: Generates the first character of an input string or list, if it exists; otherwise returns None .  If there is no
1058: Returns the size of an area to be used as crops in resizing.  If it's possible that both width &
1059: Check if the input string is formatted as YYYY/MMDD or MMDAYS, where DD represents day
1060: This function checks if one of the two mentions is mentioned in another. It uses recursive approach to check all possible substrings
1061: Create nine digit product of the given number. If it's not possible to get such an integer then return zero or null
1062: Check if the first character of NER tag equals to "B".  If it does, return True. Otherwise False .
1063: A function to generate the first 'N' terms of Fibo sequence. The input is an integer N and returns its
1064: Checks if every character of the string `str` input by user are uppercase letters.  If yes, return True
1065: Extracts and returns the string without any commas in between elements of an array/list using Python'  .strip
1066: Defines functions to check if the input string starts with “+39”, followed by either '1's
1067: Calculates the Landauer G factor of an element with index 'i' in set S.  The formula is derived from
1068: Returns the result of comparing two values. If first value is less than second one then it returns integer '1'. Otherwise return
1069: Checks if the input string has all unique characters, case insensitive and returns true or false accordingly  .   Code sn
1070: Checks if the given block headers are allowed. 1st line should be brief, followed by more detailed explanation of what
1071: Convert an integer to the corresponding pad coordinate. The input is assumed as one of two possible values in [0..63
1072: Return True if the string is either 'true' ('t') , ‘yes’, ''y'' and ''' yes
1073: Normalizes the input string to remove alef maksurah characters.  This is done by replacing them with their equivalent
1074: This function takes an URL and returns the last part of it, which is usually just file name or extension in case if there
1075: Convert the given string representation of an index into its corresponding integer value. The function takes two parameters; one is 'column'
1076: Check if the board is finished.  If so return True else False .	Example usage :check\_finish\(\
1077: Returns the UUID of an indicator. If it's less than 8 characters, returns as is; otherwise truncates to
1078: A function to convert an integer into its equivalent in base two. Code is written recursively and uses string concatenation as the
1079: Implement the Petersen function. The input is an integer and returns whether or not it's possible to reach from
1080: This function converts the given string into its equivalent Unicode representation. It uses escape sequences to handle special characters like tab,
1081: Clean punctuations from text data.  This function takes as input list of sentences and returns the same output, but with
1082: Decomposes an integer into its components. The first two digits represent the year and month respectively while last three are used
1083: Checks if the inputted string of “bc” characters are numerically valid. If not, returns false; otherwise
1084: checks if the given base number is divisible by another integer.  Returns True or false accordingly based on whether it's
1085: A function to determine if one string is the permutation of another by using only characters from first and second strings as long they
1086: Infer the EM Gyrational channels from channel names.  If only one or two are present, return them as is
1087: Convert an ISOTime to seconds in Python .defisostring() -> str : convert the given date/time
1088: Counts the number of lines with an empty line between them.  The first and last rows are not counted as they do
1089: Convert the given byte size to its human readable form" .strip() ;'')', ''.split('\
1090: Convert the given time in seconds to specified format. If no such conversion is possible return nothing . The function takes two parameters -
1091: Calculates the check digit of an ISBN. The algorithm is based on calculating digests and subtracting one from each element in
1092: Convert the given input into minutes since midnight in one line of python script .e..g, if you have '9'
1093: Returns the value of one element in an array based on its index.  The function is used to access elements from arrays or
1094: Checks if the given string contains any of '.', or'/'. If so, returns true. Else it checks whether
1095: Calculates the sum of all multiples between zero and 'n' that are either divisible by three nor five.
1096: Calculates the product of all numbers up to 'n' that are divisible by either three and five. The function returns
1097: Return the regular expression pattern that matches word boundaries in Python's regex module, equivalent to \b . 	Example usage
1098: Convert number to corresponding letter in the alphabet.  For example, if you pass 'num' as input it will return
1099: Checks if the given string represents an example DAG file or not .  This function splits by dot and checks whether
1100: Returns the floating point value of level multiplied by maximum possible integer in range [min..range]. The result is scaled down
1101: Implement the extended Euclidean algorithm recursively. Code to find gcd of two numbers using it and also return coefficients in
1102: This function calculates the amount of money accumulated after compounding interest. It uses recursion to calculate each year's
1103: Generates all possible grid coordinates within the given feature length.  For example if we have an input of '3', it
1104: Returns the number of partitions to be written based on whether or not data has been sampled. If true, returns one partition;
1105: A recursive function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in an input string.  The result is returned as output
1106: This function converts degrees to arc minutes, given as input and returns the result in decimal form . The conversion is based on
1107: Parses the given string into its constituent components using comma as separator .  It returns these in order state -
1108: Calculates the Hamming Distance between two DNA sequences.  The function raises an error if input is not valid and returns
1109: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence at given positions. The first two numbers in fib series are always zero
1110: This function calculates the digit sums of all powers up to n. If it is possible return true else false . The dig
1111: Removes the file extension from given name and returns it without any modification if there is no . in string, otherwise removes only
1112: Convert CIDR notation to netmasks. For example convert 'C:/Users/user/.ssh' from '/home
1113: This function checks the file extension of an input filename and returns its corresponding source files if it exists in our list else return
1114: A recursive function to calculate the sum of digits in an integer. The input is two values; one as string and
1115: 根据给定的键和层，返回相应的缩放方法。如果没有匹配到任何一个情况则
1116: A function to convert binary number into decimal. The input is the string representation of an integer in base two and output will be
1117: Get the name of an objects's constructor in its 'old style'.  This is used to generate new classes with same
1118: Removes the return character from string input and returns it as output, if present in original text .  If not found then
1119: Convert Gray Code to Binary. Converts the input grayscale value into its binary equivalent using recursion method .
1120: Code that returns different messages based on the person's names.  If no input is provided it defaults to 'you',
1121: A function that returns the fractional parts of an integer. The number is divided into fractions with increasing denominators until it
1122: Given an array of ages return the second and youngeset age in it as tuple – one from each person’s
1123: A function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. It uses Recursion . The input is number and output will be
1124: Calculates the number of characters needed to represent an amount in tab stops. This function is used by other functions that need information
1125: A function that returns 'Fiz' if the input is divisible by both three, else it will return Fibz
1126: Calculates the maximum value of an array. If empty returns zero and if only one element then return that single number . El
1127: This function swaps the order of elements within each sub list.  It takes as input an array and returns another one with
1128: Predicts the probability of an object being in contact with another when given its size and separation distance between them .   [
1129: Calculates the overall score of an automatic evaluation. 	Parameters : Google Gap Percentages , Transcription gap
1130: Count occurrences of the case insensitive version 'SubString' in another String "STRING". ... [tr
1131: Returns the nth triangle number. A triangular Number is calculated by summing up all numbers from  0 to 'N
1132: This function generates batches of files. It takes two parameters which are the size and number to be divided by it as well
1133: Calculates the total of squares from one to given number. The numbers are squared and added up until reaching or exceeding
1134: Create an URL with username and passsword.  Return the new created string as result .   # noqa
1135: Clean the cases of input string by converting all characters to lowercase or upper case respectively using python's built in function .
1136: Invert the binary mask. This function takes as input an array of bits, and returns another one with all its elements fl
1137: Extract the file name from an URL using Python's built in split function and return it as string type .
1138: Code to convert single character operators into their corresponding math functions.  For example, "_sinf", becomes sin function call in
1139: Filter out the git related file names.  This function filters based on whether they start with ., followed by gits special
1140: Returns True if the given number is less than or equal to 2. Return False otherwise."	Type of function that checks
1141: Convert Tensor name to Operation Name in the format of ':'.  If there is more than one ':' then remove all
1142: Compute the checksums on an array using CRC calculation, then compare them with expected values to check if they are correct
1143: Normalises the data to be used as file paths in an OS independent way, replacing ".", with underscore and joining multiple
1144: Returns the start of cycle in given month. If it's not leap, returns previous nonleap years end date else
1145: Get the last segment of an URI, or return empty string if no such thing exists in case there is not any '/'
1146: A function that checks if two paths are the exact identical. It uses recursion to compare each element of both lists in order
1147: Check if the given ODK type matches one of several "bad types". If it does, return False; otherwise True .
1148: Convert status into binary string. Status is an integer that represents the current state of some hardware device or process, and it can
1149: This function generates one hot encoding names. It takes two lists as input - the first is list of column name and second contains
1150: Checks if the given domain is hosted on localhost or its sub domains/top level domaing .  If yes then
1151: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1152: Converts CoNLL formatted text into plain English sentences/words list .  It splits the input by newline
1153: Returns the format of an archive file based on its extension.  For example, ".targzip",".tbz","
1154: Returns the maximum time in milliseconds that can be used to download or upload data. The actual value may vary depending on
1155: Find the minimum and maximum x coordinates of all given point sets. Return these as two separate values in tuples format .
1156: This function checks if the given filename ends with .XLS or XLs and, If it doesn't end then
1157: This function adds brackets around the input string. If it is empty, returns an opening brace only ("{"). Otherwise,"
1158: This function takes as input an encrypted text, deciphers it by replacing each uppercase letter with its corresponding lower case equivalent
1159: Convert the first n bytes of an array to unsigned integer in little endian format. If less than eight byte then return as
1160: This function returns the cluster name based on its ranking. It is used to assign clusters in hierarchical clustering algorithms like KMe
1161: Computes the “checksums” of an array. The "check sums" are used to detect errors or corruption
1162: Convert HMS to degrees, taking into account the difference between hour and minute angles in conversion from one full rotation of an analog
1163: This function takes as input the name of an HTML file and returns its last part after '_' symbol, which is assumed to
1164: Returns the positions of elements within an array. The function is used to generate all possible combinations between two indices and returns them as
1165: Checks if all SJS are known.  If not, it returns false; otherwise true . The function is reversed
1166: Generates command to index fasta file using samtool's 'fastx'.  This is useful when you want the
1167: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence using tabulation. The time complexity is O((N)). This implementation
1168: Execute command in the current process and its subprocesses using cmd as argument .  If no arguments are given then it
1169: Converts an array of bits to its corresponding number. The input is in the form [1 ,...], where each
1170: Calculates the Delta of anode and noc current in ohms per square meter using given parameters; returns zero if
1171: Convert integer to its least common multiple of 10. Return the binary representation as string .} } return lambda i
1172: Compose the source labels file name from given input directory .  This function is used to generate label files names based on provided
1173: Returns the given number as string with leading zeroes if necessary.  For example, "1" becomes ". . ..."
1174: A function to check if the inputted integer/float value can be divided by any other numbers upto its square root without
1175: A function to calculate the Levinstein distance between two strings.  It returns an empty string if they are equal and otherwise it
1176: Convert the given number to corresponding ASCII character. The function takes an integer as input and returns its equivalent string representation using one
1177: Checks if the given inputted text/code block contains only whitespace characters. If so, returns true; otherwise false
1178: Decodes the string. 	Inputs : A String, Output is same as input but with all special characters replaced by
1179: This function takes in an input string path and returns the same output as if it was converted to legal file paths. It does
1180: Calculates the power modulo of two numbers. This function uses binary exponentiation to calculate modular powers efficiently and quickly using only
1181: Convert hexadecimal to xayacode format 16 bit integer .   ## Code : Converts
1182: Write the given list of strings to file with each string on new row – one per call . The function returns Done when
1183: This function returns the reverse complement of an input sequence. It uses two lists to map each nucleotide onto its complements
1184: Returns the string 'Hello, '.  Code is used to greet someone.  	Inputs are names of people who want
1185: Replace the last occurrence of an existing substring in string.  If not found replace with given replacement and return original if
1186: Convert the given time in minutes to points. If less than one hour, return zero point value; otherwise convert and round up
1187: Reverse the string if it is negative. If not, return as normal with no change made to str parameter .
1188: Calculates the Words Per Minute from typing speed test results .   [1 point] Code should check if Elasped
1189: A function to generate topic names. 	Inputs : prefix - the name of an entity that is related with it or
1190: Returns the encoding name of an input string, if it is not utf – - . Otherwise returns its original form as normal
1191: This function is used to extract the prices from an input string. It uses recursion and backtracking techniques in order not
1192: Record difference between two tuples. If the input is same as output then return zeroes else calculate and returns differences in
1193: Count the number of times sub string repeats in given input. The function will return count as per longest possible repeating subsequence
1194: Constrains the parameters of an object to their maximum or minimum values based on its class and type in lattices .
1195: Generates an SQL INSERT statement with the given name of database'd tables and its column names as parameters  .   It
1196: Returns the last two segments of URLs, assuming they are part numbering scheme like 'v3' or something similar and
1197: Complete the given URL with "GitHub" domain if it doesn’t already end on ".git". If not,
1198: Return the number at position 'pos' in circular sequence of numbers from given start point. The function should return an integer value
1199: Implement the Extended Euclidean algorithm. Code to find gcd and coefficients of Bezout's identity in linear
1200: This function calculates the exponentially weighted moving average of an initial value and its final form over time using steps as weights to
1201: Counts the number of consonant characters. Code is recursive and counts all non vowel letters as conosn
1202: This function checks if all the compounds are of state matter.  It uses recursion to check each one, and returns true
1203: Convert HTML entities to their corresponding characters, and vice versa – both directions are possible with the help of Python's
1204: Sanity check the input string to ensure it is valid Python syntax. 	Inputs -> str, Output type =>
1205: Calculates the horizontal position and depth of an autonomous vehicle. The data is given as string inputs with commands like forward
1206: Replace spaces in the content data with underscores if flag is set to True else return original string and same as modified
1207: This function converts the input string to lowercase and replaces spaces with underscores or other specified characters by replacing them
1208: Normalizes the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespace, converting to uppercase letters . 	Inputs :
1209: Fixes the URL formatting issues.  If there is any space, it wraps with quotes and if not present then
1210: A recursive function to calculate the product of all elements in an array. The input is assumed as integers or floats and
1211: This function reverses the DNA sequence. It takes as input an RNA string and returns its complementary strand, which
1212: Decodes the given string to an integer. The input is expected as Base=Base N, where BASE can be either
1213: This function is used to generate the necessary files needed by MEGA BLAST tool in order perform HETEROZ
1214: Validates the format of user names.  Checks if they start with an uppercase letter followed by lower case letters only
1215: Transcribes DNA sequence to RNA. 1/3 of the bases are replaced with their complementary base,
1216: Code to perform complex number operations. 4 functions each performing different operation on two pairs of real numbers and returning the result as
1217: Returns the result of adding k and ((a modulo N )modulus B). The operation is performed on two numbers.
1218: Computes the normalized mean squared error between two time sequences. The normalization is done by dividing each element of both input
1219: Generates the linear formula of terms from x0 to xterms. The number and order are determined by input parameters
1220: Calculates the difference between two times in hours and minutes format using Python's builtin functions split(), map() & reduce
1221: Convert the given string to flag format using provided prefix and appending with '_' 	and '.' as separator if
1222: Split an AWS URI into the Buckect name & Key/Object Name in Amazon'S Simple Storage Service .
1223: Validates the format of inputted 'Data' parameter. 	Returns formatted string if valid, otherwise raises an exception with
1224: Translate the value from one range to another.  The function takes five parameters representing two ranges and returns an output that falls
1225: Finds the center of two numbers in an interval [min; max]. The result is rounded to one decimal place if necessary
1226: Returns the name of MakeFile based on library's type.  If it is main, returns 'Main'. Otherwise append
1227: return the type of cubic system based on input number. The function takes an integer as parameter, checks if it is less
1228: Prepara o nome para ser utilizado na busca de um usuário no sistema – remove espaço
1229: Convert SQL data type to Python equivalent using the provided mappings and return it as string or None if not found – Code
1230: This function returns an SQL as clause based on the columns to query list provided by user in form of string formatting .
1231: Remove leading space from the input string. If there is no such thing, return original unprocessed one directly .   [
1232: Generates the dictionary of all possible combinations that can be formed from 1 to n points in space. The number ib
1233: This function converts the Gregorian date to Ethiopia's calendar. It takes three parameters representing Year and Month
1234: Convert time string to modulo of two days format using python's built in function split() and str(). Format the result
1235: This function takes in an input of type 'String' and returns the same String. It is used to convert any non-"
1236: This function takes an 'EventType' as input and returns the subject of that type in string format .  For example,
1237: This function calculates the range of an object that can be detected by one side or another. The formula used is based on
1238: This function takes an argument and joins all the arguments passed to it with another string using str's .format() method,
1239: Returns the input as uppercase if it is not empty, otherwise returns itself.  This function converts only and keeps case
1240: Computes the average of cells within specified radius from center cell with coordinates given by user inputted parameters . The function is used
1241: Returns the search query based on whether or not there is more than one page in result set and which specific item to start from
1242: Remove the root of an element in HTML formatting, if it is media or paragraph tags; otherwise return original string as not
1243: Checks if the given string 'uses' characters from specified list.  Returns true when all letters are used and false otherwise
1244: This function sums up all the digts in an input string and returns it as integer . The helper recursive method is used
1245: Get the cycle and timestamp of an individual Node in Cycle.  Returns as string with formatting {cyclenode
1246: Checks if the given filename has an image file format (.JPEG, .PNG , etc).  Returns True
1247: Convert an integer to string. If the object is not available, return None .  [getSource]   Code :def
1248: Convert string to integer in the alphabetical order. Code uses recursion and ASCII values of characters . The function takes
1249: This function calculates the number of right angled three sided figures from an input list that can form or not forms any
1250: Create an Object Type Mapper.  This function maps the type of objects to their respective names in our system, and also
1251: Checks if the first letter of input string is lowercase.  Returns true or false accordingly based on that condition .
1252: Modify the Molecular Block of an object. 	Inputs : String -> Output is modified molecular block .
1253: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1254: Checks if the given URI string starts with either 'http's spotiy:' prefix, indicating it might be an open
1255: Write the given object to disk as text.  Returns path of written files if successful else None or error message .   [
1256: Convert column name to number. If the input is not in dictionary then return none .   Code snippet : #p
1257: Convert the given representation of an array as input to its integer equivalent. If there is any zero present then return [-1].
1258: Return the root of an absolute file or directory name.  If it is not already at its top level, add one more
1259: This function takes as input DNA sequence and returns its reverse complements. It uses dictionary to map each nucleotide of the
1260: Convert seconds to minutes and second. The function takes an integer as input, converts it into minute/second format using floor
1261: This function returns the prefix of an input file name, ie., everything before '.' in its path or extension part .
1262: Convert all upper case characters to lower cases. This function is used when reading the configuration file of an application, where it'
1263: This function calculates the commit value of Peder's protocol. It takes four parameters and returns an integer result which
1264: Find the minimum time difference between two lists of times. If one list is longer than another by more or less n units then
1265: Return the X coordinates of columns.  The function takes two parameters; column and DPI . It returns an integer value representing
1266: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when K equals zero or negative; in such cases
1267: This function centers the given string on top and bottom of another. The baseline is centered with respect to other content in between it
1268: Returns the name of an object in URI format, if it is not absolute or relative to root then returns its location as path
1269: Validates the string input. If it's not valid, returns an error message else return original object .  [END
1270: This function returns the special tokens used in tokenization.  PAD is typically zero padding and OOV stands out as
1271: Checks if one list is dominated by another. If the first element of both lists are equal or greater than each corresponding pair
1272: Checks if the given string is an identifier.  A label in assembly language can be any sequence of characters that does not
1273: Convert string to boolean value, True if the input is '1', False otherwise 	Example usage : print(_tO
1274: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the string or list of strings/lists using Python's built in functions .strip
1275: Returns the BCC header value.  If no recipients are specified, returns None .   #noqa E1
1276: Convert the first letter of each word in input string to upper case.  For example, 'hello world' becomes Hello
1277: Returns the maximum of three integers. The function uses bit manipulation to find out which integer is larger among x , Y and
1278: Remove unwanted characters from the input string.  The function will remove any character that is either bracketed, hyphen
1279: Count the number of times that sequence ends with three consecutive Gs. The input is an array/list containing DNA sequences as
1280: Returns whether the given string starts with an 'A', returning either one of two strings, depending on if it's starting
1281: A function that returns the first filename of type in its list. If no such name is present it raises an error message .
1282: Calculates the number of ways to partition an integer into exactly one subset with each element being unique. This is done by recurs
1283: Returns the previous season based on inputted year. For example, if you pass '36' as an argument to it
1284: This function checks if the given sequence is composed of only A, C , G and T. It uses recursion to check
1285: Returns True or False based on whether the element appears more than half of times as many elements are present within given input array/
1286: This function converts the first letter of each sentence to an UpperCase and rest are Lower Case, then returns it as string
1287: Convert string of digits to decimal. The function takes in an input as the number represented by digit characters and returns its equivalent
1288: Convert the given list of binary numbers to an integer. The input is in hexadecimal format and output as decimal number
1289: Check if the given filename exists and it's either not an existing file or directory, return true otherwise false ...
1290: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. Code is written in Python language and uses the builtin function of python '
1291: Reads the file to check if it contains all common DNA sequences, GANGANTENANINE – which is an
1292: This function calculates the reward based on whether or not it's in its optimal position. If there are no elements to
1293: Clean up OCR text by replacing commonly used numbers and letters with their corresponding numeric values or alphabets respectively .
1294: Convert an array of Hexadecimal numbers to ASCII characters. The input is expected as string format with each pair
1295: Remove typedef from function signatures – removes the "*" symbol before type names, leaving only variable/function name left . e
1296: Remove vowel characters from the given string, leaving only consonant ones and return it as output  Code snippet
1297: Generates the list of arguments to be used with an experiment's commands – including --experiment and -n .
1298: Checks if the given string starts with '#' or not.  Returns true when it does, false otherwise .
1299: This function checks if the given file name has an image extension, ie., .PNG,.JPG/.TIFF
1300: Count the number of occurrences in list.  Code is written to find out how many times an element appears within given
1301: Return the type of dimension that can be scaled. This function will return 'linear' if it is linear, or
1302: This function calculates the actual and potential temperatures of an object at given pressure in g/m^3 based on its molecular
1303: Validates the entries in an array.  If 'array' is empty then returns false else true if it contains only one
1304: Generates the necessary operations to perform an AND operation on two quantum bits.  If both input are equal then it uses C
1305: Calculates the geometric mean of longitude over time in degrees, given Julian century as input parameter .  The formula used
1306: Check if the given string starts with "Queen" in any case.  If it does, return True; otherwise False
1307: Checks if two EC numbers are equal up to the last 'n' digits.  If they match then returns True
1308: This function takes an input string of one or more space separated paths and returns the same path with all slashes replaced by comm
1309: Create and return geographical data in the format of string.  The latitude & longitute are used to create unique identifier
1310: Write the solution to find maximum number of consecutive ones in row. Code is given as input matrix where each element can be either
1311: Check if the given string is present on any of list. If yes then return True else False 	Inputs : Current
1312: Generates an "Anchor" string of length at least as long to the input. If it is longer than required then
1313: Censors all non alphabetic characters with "*" .  For example, the string hello world will be
1314: Check if the input text contains any non repeating characters only with letters from A to Z and ignore case sensitivity of character comparison .
1315: A function that returns the pattern wrapped in parentheses.  If no more patterns are left, it will return an empty
1316: This function takes an array of strings as its parameter and returns the first string in that list, converted to integer form if possible
1317: Create list of all possible combinations from two strings.  Each combination is an element that can be found at the same position within
1318: Cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces, replacing multiple spaces with single space etc..  This function
1319: Check if the phone number is valid. If it's not then return false else true; otherwise continue to next step of
1320: Calculates the absolute power of each element in an inputted 'list' using recursion. The function takes as its argument
1321: Get the package name from an import statement or file path, if possible; otherwise return empty string – Code is used to
1322: Computes the nth Fibonacci number using an iterative approach. The function takes one argument num which is
1323: This function calculates the mean of an array. 	Inputs : list, Output -> float . Returns average value
1324: A function that adds all numbers from zero to the input number. The sum is calculated using recursion and iteration methods respectively .
1325: Create an entity/object identifier from the input string. Invalid characters are replaced with underscores (_).  This is useful
1326: This function converts special characters to their HTML escape sequences. It is used in the context of web development where it'd
1327: Returns the squared of sums in range from 0 to given number. For example if input is '3' then output
1328: Reads the first line of an existing text document at given path and returns it if successful; otherwise return empty string .
1329: Count the number of digit characters.  Code is used to extract all numeric values from string input, returns them as one
1330: Count the number of leading newline characters in string.  If no such character exists, return zero . Code is used to
1331: This function counts the number of characters in an input string, taking into account whether it is all capitalized or not and returning
1332: This function finds all the components of an undirected, unweighteD Graph using Depth First Search algorithm and returns
1333: This function takes in an input of type 'String' and returns the hash value. The hashing is done by XOR
1334: Get the name of an NPType.  This function takes as input one string that represents ndarray data types and
1335: Fixes the namespace of db. prefix in function calls to uso .  This is useful when you want your functions and classes
1336: Find the unique number that appears only once. The other numbers appear twice or more times which is different from it and its index
1337: Returns the pattern of correct and incorrect positions. A "gg" means that both are correctly placed but not necessarily next
1338: Join the elements of line into one string with pipe characters. 	Inputs : list, Output -> str . Example
1339: Code to generate URL based on the request string. If it starts with http, https etc., then return as is else
1340: Implemented Lorensen–Berthélôt rule to compute the average of two signals and their standard deviation
1341: Returns the string representation of package name and its corresponding versions in format '{librayName} == {Version}'  .
1342: Returns the indices of all occurrences ('J's).  Code is designed to handle multiple spaces between characters and case
1343: Returns the ordinal string representation. For example, if you call `._orde('4')` it will return '_
1344: This function takes an underscored string and converts it into space separated.  For example, 'hello__world'
1345: Checks if the input string represents an unspecific value. 0, None , NA and Nil are considered as
1346: Calculates the size of padded bytes. This function calcula... .   [END] Code:.   ```python `
1347: This function takes as input the name of an .gdb file and returns it with all special characters removed, converted to lower
1348: Returns the appropriate log formater based on given level of detail. 1 = basic,  0= no logs at all
1349: Count the number of vowel characters.  Code is used to find out how many times each character from given string appears as
1350: A function that returns the appropriate delimiter based on input string.  It can handle pipe, comma , space and tab
1351: This function adds CSS to an HTML string.  It takes two parameters - the initial part of your webpage and then any
1352: This function takes an input sequence and returns its reverse complement. It converts each nucleotide to the corresponding Watson–Cr
1353: Create token content id. 	Inputs : Iterations, Output -> Token Content ID . .
1354: This function takes two strings as input and returns the string after removing all occurrences of its second argument from start. If
1355: This function takes in an input string and returns the formatted version of it. It uses recursion to format each character based on
1356: Compare two lists and return True if all elements of the 1st list are present as subelements within another. Otherwise False
1357: Convert all characters in the input string to upper case and replaces '/' with '\'.  This function is used as an
1358: This function splits the input string into separate tokens based on whitespace characters, but also ignores leading/trailing white
1359: This function finds the common neuron ID'd in two lists. The input is both as arrays of integers and also returns
1360: Turns the given direction anticloclk wise. If it is clocked, returns its opposite side of rotation as if
1361: Add 1 to the input number. The result is returned as an integer value." ---end of file ---' >
1362: Returns the URL of an API endpoint from its items url, excluding api/ v … . part’S to avoid
1363: Calculates the difference between two times in hours/minutes format using Python' builtin functions map and split .  The
1364: Calculates the factorial of n. The function uses recursion to calculate and returns its result in one line using Python syntax
1365: Returns the Hammings distance between two strings of equal length ident and min lengths from one another . The result is normalized to
1366: Returns the position of an outerwear in fashion items. If not found, returns None .   # noqa E9
1367: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its destination format as uppercase string .  e..g,
1368: Compare two multistates.  Returns True if all parts of the first state are equal to those in second; otherwise returns
1369: Compute the number of possible combinations to arrange 'N' items in such way that every item is either placed before or after
1370: A function to calculate the Factorial of an input number. The result is returned as output in console . e g., if
1371: Returns the reciprocal of input number 'float' .  	Example usage in python script, return value is always positive
1372: Extracting BERT ThroughPut from the given string of berts outputs . The function splits by new Line and then checks
1373: Returns the landscape of given AWS Region as per mapping table . If no match found then returns EU by default 	. Inputs
1374: Replace X's with ‘.’ and start of the string is replaced by date formatting function .format()
1375: This function returns the Voight indices of an array. The Voighy index is used to represent permutations in which
1376: This function calculates the minimum column length of each index. It is used to determine how wide an individual cell should be when
1377: Pull service id from AWS ARN 	Inputs : Aws Arn, Output -> Service Id extracted form the
1378: A function that returns the number of months in given integer. If input is not valid, it will return zero .   [
1379: Returns the bit at given 'position' in number. If num is negative or out of range return None . This function will
1380: Convert weight from grams to kilograms by multiplying with conversion factor of .1 gram = ~  = 6e
1381: Decodes the id of an item in reports based on its unique identifier formatting, which is '<report>'-'
1382: This function calculates the account balance after subtracting and adding interest.  The formula used is simple compound Interest calculation where we
1383: Checks if string starts with "bb" or not. If it does then removes the first two characters and checks again recurs
1384: Determine if the given longitude and Latitute are within China's boundary of operation range .
1385: Convert the given number into decimal string with two digits after point, if possible else return original value as is . e..
1386: Convert string number to list of lists with three digits each and return the result as an integer or float value if possible otherwise
1387: Computes the nth term of an iterative series using recursion. The sequence starts with zero and each subsequent number is
1388: Generates the following character in lexicographical order. If last char is '.', it will return ‘A’,
1389: This function takes two lines of text as input and returns the concatenation “sum”. The first argument is added to
1390: Validates if an input is within the specified range.  Returns True or False accordingly .	Inputs : Option to be
1391: Returns the name of file without extension from path to pb files  Code Example :word\_fro m\_.py
1392: This function returns two values that are uniformly distributed between the eigenvalues and vectors of an n x m matrix with random entries in [
1393: Checks if one given substring is contained within another.  If the second argument' length of substrings are equal to
1394: Check if the given URI uses secure transport protocol, ie., https or http .  Return True/False accordingly	.
1395: This function calculates the digital sums of all possible pairs from two given numbers. The pairing is done by multiplying each
1396: This function converts variable names to snake case and returns the formatted version of that string as output, e..g.,
1397: Convert decimal number to its equivalent 16 bit binary string. The function takes an integer as input and returns the last two
1398: Split string into numerics and non numbers in python 3 version of the fold function . The first element is all dig
1399: Return whether the given class number is valid.  If it's zero then check if result matches one of two predef
1400: This function takes in an input string and returns the first word of that sentence/phrase, assuming it is split by spaces or
1401: Replace all whitespace characters with underscores. Code is used to convert tabs and line breaks into spaces in the given
1402: Encryption function using the provided mappings. 	Inputs -> A string of text and an integer array representing character
1403: Convert an integer to its IP address representation. The function takes as input the number of bits in each octet and returns it
1404: Checks if the first character of string "name" equals to lowercase letter v.  Returns True or False based on
1405: Check if all the prefixes of given string are in provided set.  If yes then return true else false .
1406: Check the constraints of an optimization problem. If they are not specified return 'default' as constraint type and if there is no
1407: A function to calculate the modular exponential. It uses an iterative method of repeated multiplication and takes into account negative exponents as
1408: Convert the given string to API requestable formated Date  . e g 'yyyymmdd'.   Formatting
1409: Returns whether the given 'bit' is set in binary representation of number.  This function uses left shift and AND operation to
1410: Adds the cache control header to an HTTP response. 	Input type : Response object, Output Type None . This
1411: Checks if there is any possible movement in 4 directions from given position to win state of game .   If yes,
1412: Returns the length of string without leading ANSI escape sequences. If input is not valid, returns original size as it was
1413: Return the name of an Excel (.XLS/ . XLTM /. xlxs ) File without its extension if
1414: Generates n grams from the list of strings.  Sorts them by length and then alphabetically within each group
1415: Remove the given URL's common 'http://www.example.' or '.com/...'.  If it exists in
1416: Builds the cell and its surfaces. The number of cells is given by 'cells', while each individual element
1417: Convert decimal to IP address. The function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding IPv4 format string of that number in
1418: Normalizes the given string to be used as an absolute path in Unix/Linux systems, removing any leading or trailing
1419: Resolve alias to its full form.  For example, 'k' can be resolved as keyword or location depending on
1420: Filter the first two lines of each file in an array. The second part is just YAML text from those files after
1421: Get the name of an inputted .txt or any other type text files from its path  Inputs : File Path,
1422: Count the number of 1's in each string. return tuple with counts and strings as output . e..g "
1423: A function to parse the user's input and return appropriate algorithm based on it.  It uses different algorithms depending upon what
1424: Strips the username and hostname from an IP address string, leaving only domain name or subdomain if available  Input
1425: Check if the file with given filename has .gz extension or not, returns True/False accordingly	.   Code snippet
1426: Checks if the given coordinates are inside of specified bounding box.  The function returns True when they're in range
1427: Returns the smallest number among three given numbers.  Code is written in Python language and it finds out minimum of two or more
1428: Pack the given 'words' into patterns.  If no more characters in both strings are available to match up with each other
1429: Find the minimum number in an rotations sorted list. The input is given as one dimension numpy arrays, and it returns
1430: Computes the score of interpretibility method using given black box model's and explainer’ s output.  The function
1431: Checks if the given string 'a' contains more than one occurrence of another function.  The check is case sensitive and
1432: Calculates the total cost of materials needed to manufacture one unit or item in an assembly line using given parameters and returns it as
1433: Count the number of bits in an integer. Code is written to count how many set or 'on'bits are present within
1434: This function takes an array as input and returns the same elements of that list, but with duplicates removed. The order is
1435: Find the first bit that differs between two numbers. If no such difference exists return either number itself or 'None'. Code is
1436: Convert JSON type to C equivalent. 1st level types only, no pointers or arrays allowed; returns void*
1437: Convert an integer to the corresponding group of ages. 1 is considered as '<=3' and so on up until
1438: Counts the number of visible TREES on an infinite vertical strip. The map is represented as list where each element represents
1439: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on
1440: This function adds the coordination to SF. 	Inputs : A string of commands . Output is an updated version with
1441: Returns True if the first character of an attribute name is uppercase. Otherwise, returns False . The function checks whether it starts
1442: Convert the given number of secs into hours and minutes. If there are more than an hour remaining then convert to days as
1443: Check whether all files with certain or specified extentions exist.  If not return false otherwise true .   Code checks to see
1444: This function checks if the given filename has an extension. If it does not have one or is of different type than expected then
1445: Checks if input string contains only alphabets, digits & dashes (-).  Returns True when valid else
1446: Generates the SimBench Code from parameters. ... Parameters : r -> The number of
1447: A function to calculate the number of honeycombs in an array. The first room is always at index zero and each subsequent
1448: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1449: Check if string contains only non alphanumeric characters.  If so, return true; otherwise false .  	Example
1450: Remove brackets from string.  If the character is inside of square or round parentheses, it will be removed if
1451: Returns the base filename of an input string, ie., removes any path or extension from it .  For example : "
1452: Check if the input is real number.  If it's not, return false; otherwise true .   Code snip
1453: Generates the private key filename. 	Inputs : string -> Output is .pem format of Private Key	.
1454: This function calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and their sums.  It is used to calculate Project E
1455: This function returns the name of an actual or fake cryptocurrency positions file based on whether it is being used as partof
1456: Counts the number of nonempty tokens in input string . --> --->>> >>> 3489
1457: Check if the given character string contains Chinese characters.  This function will return true only when it finds any of these specific ranges
1458: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same output but with all new string elements removed from each element
1459: Convert an integer to its word representation. For example, 4 would be converted into 'four'. If the number is more
1460: Check if the given IP address belongs to one of several private networks defined by RFC 4](https://tools.iet
1461: A recursive function that generates an indented string. The number of spaces is passed as the argument to generate different levels in
1462: Checks if the word starts with given string.  If it does then returns True else False .  	Example : "
1463: Helper function to convert all lowercase letters of the input string into upper case.  It uses ASCII values and character
1464: Given two integers n and m. Return the remainder of dividing power_of_{two}(N)/power\_o{
1465: A function that checks if all characters of the input string are unique. It does not use any additional data structures like sets or
1466: Join the current directory with an input string and return full file system paths .  This function is used to join two or more
1467: Create welcome message based on the user's name.  If 'JohnnY', return hello, otherwise just say
1468: Combines two paths. If the first one is absolute then it will be used as base otherwise relative to current directory of script
1469: This function calculates the arithmetic mean of four numbers by subtracting their minimum from total sum and dividing it with three
1470: Calculates the integral of an exponential function with given parameters using Power Law transformation .   [...]    Code snippet to
1471: This function replaces all occurrences of certain characters in the input string with their escaped versions using list comprehension and recurs
1472: Computes the SDBM of an input string. The result is used as part key to store data on disk or use
1473: This function takes in an IP address or domain name and returns the geographical location of that hostname/IP, using online
1474: Check if the given file or directory exists.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .   The function checks whether
1475: 检查给定的地址是否存在于路径中。如果不存储，则返回False；否则True.
1476: Blend two colors by mixing their RGB values. The blending is done in the range [0..64] where
1477: A function to get the bands from different sentenil  or landsat collection types . It returns an array of
1478: Determine the page's main type based on its contents, using restructure text formatting rules if possible – otherwise
1479: Converts the given byte value to its percentage representation. If it's less than zero, returns '0'. if
1480: Returns the path to .c file of given repository in workspaces directory if it exists else None or throws an exception
1481: Returns XOR of two input arrays. If lengths do no match an error is raised .  Otherwise it returns new array with
1482: Sanity check input to ensure it's safe.  This function will replace pipe characters with &, empty string character and
1483: Convert uint34 to array.	Inputs : value -> unsigned int . Output is an Array of two elements where
1484: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was written backwards, but with each word'ed
1485: Generates custom color ramp divisions based on the dataset and given intervals . This function generates an array of colors that are used
1486: Checks if the given 'Agent's current activity overlaps with another Agent’ s scheduled activities.  Returns True or
1487: “Return the result of checking if n is within range [i..j] and then check whether it can be divided
1488: This function returns the contrasting color between two colors. It takes as input an RGB or HEX value and outputs another one
1489: This function checks if the observation is afternoon.  It returns True when it finds an "a" at any position in its
1490: Convert Binary to Decimals. Code is written in Python and uses recursion method." ---end of the function
1491: Convert the given string representation of an integer in any numerical system to its equivalent decimal number. 	Inputs : Base Number
1492: Get the filename from URL by extracting it after '/' character in string format if exists, else return original file name as
1493: This function takes in the dimensions of an image as input. It returns two values - height & width respectively which are used to
1494: This function returns the Reverse Complementation of an input sequence by swapping bases and replacing them with their complements,
1495: Prepare ladder variable.  This function takes in an input string, then recursively builds up the output by adding characters from
1496: This function converts the input string to be in Green color.  It uses ANSI escape codes which are supported by
1497: Clean string to div id.  Convert special characters into dashes, dots or underscores except at the end of strings
1498: Convert Modified Julian Day to Ephemeris JDN, the number of days since January first that is an
1499: Parses the input string to determine if it represents all ports or specific ranges of numbers between two given integers in python script
1500: Convert an integer to its byte representation. This function uses recursion and division by powers of two until the number is less than
1501: Returns the sum of two numbers and their third number.  Code is used to add three integers together in one line using Python
1502: Find the number that is not present.  The function takes an array of numbers and returns one unique integer from it, which
1503: Compute the Damara Levinshetin distance between two strings. This is an efficient way to compute string similarity using dynamic
1504: Find the longest balanced parentheses substring in string.  If there is no balance, return an empty strin g
1505: Return the smallest multiple of 'align' that is greater than or equal to value. If there are no such multiples then
1506: Convert Hexadecimal color value to RGB. The input is expected as an integer and the output will be tup
1507: Check if the given string contains at least one of y or Y as it's considered to be part ‘of’
1508: Returns an option string to be used with the command line tool.  The "-" prefix is added automatically, and it'
1509: This function checks if the input data is an integer. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise return true .
1510: Calculates the accuracy of binary classification.  The function takes four parameters - true positive and false negative counts as well total count
1511: Calculates the Daméras Levensthein distance between two strings. This is an algorithm used to calculate similarity of
1512: Filter and select the array of strings based on regular expression pattern .  The output is an integer representation where each bit corresponds to
1513: This function pads the input array with zeros to make its length multiple of two. If an element is zero it remains as
1514: Checks if the string starts with "." followed by "/".  If so, returns True. Otherwise False .   Type
1515: Remove special characters from the given string of texts . 	Inputs : A String, Output -> The same as input
1516: A function that checks if the iterables are empty.  If they're all false then it returns true else return last
1517: This function returns the NPC of an MCC and MCN. The format is "MNCxxxMMC".
1518: This function generates the Pythagorean numbers up to n. It starts from 'n' and goes downwards in
1519: This function calculates the minimum number of edits needed to convert one string into another. The possible operations are insertions and
1520: Generates the connection string based on whether we are using postgres or any other type of db. The function takes in four
1521: Count the number of occurrences per character.  Input is string, output will be dictionary with characters as keys and their
1522: Truncates the string to specified length and adds an ellipsis at end. If input is empty/null then returns
1523: Returns the string representation of minutes. 	Inputs : value integer, returns output as '<integer><unit>='
1524: This function generates the full path of an existing file or folder.  It takes two parameters - 'directories' and	'
1525: Checks if the first character of string 's' can be considered as part word by checking whether it’re alphan
1526: Returns the value of q in convolutional layer. The formula is derived from kernel size and dilations used during training . For
1527: Converts string values into their corresponding Python booleans, ie., 'True' or ‘False’ and
1528: Extracts the average through put from bert model training process by parsing log file  .   # noqa
1529: Generates the Gray Code of an integer input 'n'. The function generates all possible binary strings that can be formed from numbers
1530: Returns the first n numbers in an arithmetic progression. The difference between consecutive terms is equal to 'diff'. If diff
1531: This function takes two integers as input and returns their concatenated string representation. The first integer is used to create the prefix of
1532: Checks if string 'B' is contained within the longer of two strings.  If so returns True else False .
1533: Find the majority element in an array. If no such number exists return '-1'. Else returns that one else none if
1534: Adds two binary strings of equal length and returns the result as an 8 digit string. The function is used to add
1535: Find the longest number in an array. The function takes as input any list of numbers and returns its largest element by recursively
1536: Returns the input text with all characters capitalized except first character of each word which is lowercase or underscore case only when
1537: Create device name from asset pair string formatting – e..g, 'BTC/USD' to Btc
1538: A function that returns the majority element in an array. If there is no such thing as one it will return ‘None
1539: Converts pixel coordinates to subGrid coordinate system.  The input is the x and y pixels of an Image in Sub
1540: Checks whether the inputted integer represents an actual, regular or special type date/time value in Python programming language .
1541: Decodes the four character codes. The input is an integer and returns string representation of it's binary value as ASCII
1542: Compute the difference between two integers. If they are equal return one else zero .   [delta] function is used to
1543: Create an STS credential. 	Input parameters are bucket and the file'll be stored in it . Returns URI
1544: Checks if the first two characters of each string are either STA or DRA and last character must be S etc...
1545: Checks if the string contains "2" .  If so, returns True. Otherwise False or None is returned depending on
1546: Shift the bits of an integer to right by 4 positions. This is equivalent with dividing it into two parts and
1547: Computes the correction factor given sensitivity and false positives ratio at base level .  The function raises an error if any parameter
1548: Find the longest common subsequence of two strings. The function returns both length and sequence itself as output parameters if required by user
1549: This function takes in an array of copy options and returns them as one string.  It is used to generate the command line
1550: A function to calculate the squared error between observed and simulated values. The result is an indicator of how well our model predict
1551: Clean the sequence of parentheses.  This function will remove all non-"(" and ")" characters from input string,
1552: Flatten the given file or directory name to its simplest form, removing any redundant separators and replacing slashes with hyp
1553: Check if the given filename contains only valid ASCII characters.  If not, return false; otherwise true." --->
1554: Returns the appropriate modifier based on whether or nor to apply scaling/de trending.  If both are applied then returns
1555: This function calculates the probability of each label given its corresponding classes. It is used in conjunction with other functions to calculate overall
1556: 返回一个二进制字符串。如果输入为零，则输出'f'.否则（对于
1557: This function calculates the output size of convolutional layer. It takes input and filter sizes as parameters to calculate out put height
1558: Remove the last part of .NET Core WorkFlow names, if it contains dot character – e..g "a."
1559: Convert Wilderness Lighting to HASS hues. This function converts the given light level from "WILD"
1560: Convert string to Boolean, if possible else return true .  If the input is 'ON', returns `True` ,'
1561: Get the maximum rate of playback speed. If video height is equal to or greater than 'seven twenty', return max
1562: This function returns the input list of strings if it is empty, otherwise return only those elements that are not part from any preposition
1563: Delete trailling number in the string if present, else return original text as is  Inputs : A single word or sentence
1564: Defines the function to convert all upper case letters in string into their corresponding “down” or "small" form .
1565: Parses the string input and returns its value in speed units.  The unit of measurement is assumed to be km/
1566: This function returns the string with an appended prefix based on whether or not it starts ith vowel. If yes,
1567: Split an AWS'S ‘/’ separated path into the Bukkit and Object name .   ## Code
1568: Convert the given input to ASCII values. 	Inputs : A String, Output -> List of Integers representing
1569: Generates the list of all possible edge nodes between columns and rows respectively .  The numbering is done according to standard graph
1570: Checks if the given string represents an .npz file. This function uses recursion to check all levels of nesting
1571: Preprocessing the input data with same or valid paddings.  If 'pad' is set to be equal, it
1572: Check if the given string starts with "SFCC/" followed by one to three digits, then ends in an uppercase
1573: This function returns the type of an attribute. It checks if first character is U, I or F and return corresponding string value
1574: A function that returns all taxonomic hierarchy at the given depth.  It uses recursion to traverse through each of
1575: Convert an array of integers to tuple. If the input is empty or contains only one element then return that single number as both
1576: Removes outer divs from HTML string if they exist, else leaves as is – removes the first & last < >
1577: Clean text by splitting on slash and joining with space, but only if it's necessary to use hashing tags in
1578: Calculates the factorial of an integer x raised to power 'n'. The function uses recursion. It is used in
1579: Calculates the size of transaction based on number inputs and outputs. The input is multiplied by one eighty percent while output
1580: Returns the N th triangle number. A Triangle Number is defined as sum of all positive integers less than or equal to given
1581: Normalizes the input string by splitting it into parts, removing leading and trailing whitespace from each part of an array/
1582: This function calculates the Circumferance of circle with radius r in centimeters."   [END]
1583: This function checks the file extension of an input string, returning either 'GTFormat' if it is .GTF otherwise returns
1584: 返回客户端的真实IP地址。如果XForwardHeader存在，则从请求头中获取第一个值
1585: Given two pairs of integers and an integer 'n', return the product modulo "n" as another ‘two’
1586: Encode special characters to their corresponding ASCII values. This function takes as input an arbitrary text and replaces all
1587: Selects between two results based on the least significant bit of an integer. If it is zero then returns first else second value
1588: Decide the host of an agent in grid world. If it is within range return its position and distance to nearest neighbor;
1589: Processes the given string by replacing tags with arguments if they exist within it; otherwise returns original text as is – Template
1590: Fixes the type of work load in transaction mode. 	Input : String -> Output:" Transaction Mode Pool Type
1591: Create questions recursively. The function creates the quiz by asking multiple choice type of problems with given set and its corresponding description
1592: Parses the season day period from time id. Returns tuple of three elements representing days in current and next year's
1593: Checks if the given string 'name' matches with reverse hit query formatting – length should be exactly equal to eight
1594: This function checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by converting the characters in both input
1595: Generates entries from the android scripts directory and generates an entry file with all required information about each device supported by Android .
1596: Split the input string by commas and return list of substrings 	generated from splitting it at each comma encountered in
1597: Convert an integer to string. If the number is less than 19, return it as one digit; otherwise convert into
1598: Computes the factorial of an integer. The function uses recursion to compute and returns its result in one line."}
1599: Validates SQL query input, only allowing select/execute statements in the first line of each statement" 		   .format
1600: Transform the string to be used as an argument of another function. This is done by replacing certain characters with their escaped counter
1601: Convert HTTP Status Code to String.  If the input is not valid, return 'invalid' or unknown if it isn’
1602: Convert device categories to strings.  Categories are defined by their ids and returned as string values based on the range of
1603: Calculates the Bayesian probability of an event given its prior and another's likelihood.  The formula is based on bay
1604: Convert string to boolean, if possible; otherwise return false .  [Function] --->def bool_toastr
1605: Check if the given point has been attacked by an enemy.  If so return True else False .  	def attacker
1606: checks if the string s has any number in it.  If so, returns true; otherwise false . This function is
1607: Computes the gradient of Sigmoidal function. ∂sigmoide/dz = 0,9346
1608: Convert RGB to HEX. Code:" + str((int)(transparency * 10))+"%". Color
1609: Creates an SQL table to store polynomial coefficients and their roots if not already exists, with the given order of degree 0
1610: Convert IPvV version to integer representation of the IP address part by splitting it into its constituent segments and converting each segment from
1611: Checks if the given string can be terminal in an abstract syntax tree of Python language, ie., it is either '
1612: Returns the name of an implicit module from its Swift compiler's output.  If no such information exists, returns 'none
1613: Convert HHMM format to seconds in python function . This is used when we have the input as string and need it
1614: This function takes an array of strings as its parameter which are to be checked whether they form the largest possible string that can still
1615: A function that generates the coordinates of an array in ascending order based on their indices and returns them as one line string separated
1616: This function takes as input an object of type BulletinBoard and returns the same string, but with all bullet points
1617: Concatenates the string '1' to end of input. 	Example usage :concat('3') => returns
1618: Checks if the given string contains at least one date token. 1st character is either 'D' or an upper
1619: This function takes four parameters and returns them in the order they were provided. If any of these are None or empty string it
1620: Acknowledge the source of specific datasets.  If requested by 'NOA' then return appropriate message else if not specified
1621: Validates if the index is within range. If it's out of bounds then raises an error with appropriate message .
1622: Generates the reddit recommendation id based on user name  .  	Inputs : User Name, Output - Re
1623: Remove the root path from file paths.  If it is at or above '/dev/sda1' then return just '
1624: Returns the last bit of URLs in Python 3+ . The function splits URI into parts and returns them as list
1625: Extracting digts from the start of input strings.  If no digit is found, returns zero .   It stops at
1626: Clean the given string by removing any leading or trailing whitespace and converting all characters to lowercase, then split it into
1627: Convert indices to list indexes. For example if you have an array of size N and the two dimensions are [I][J
1628: This function rounds the input number to nearest multiple of given integer. If it is greater than original value then subtracts that
1629: Counts the number of elements in 'l' that are not zero.  Code is used to count how many times an
1630: Replace bad characters with their replacements.  Blacklisted are : , / and space . The replacement is "" which
1631: This function takes an input string snakes and returns the equivalent camels case formatting of that given by splitting it with unders
1632: This function takes in the name of an ebook and returns its corresponding shelving position on Google'e Shelves API .
1633: This function splits the input string into four parts based on '-' character and returns them as tuple – one part per
1634: Return True if the given pattern is a URT. Otherwise return False . If it's not possible to determine whether pg
1635: This function removes leading characters from the given string.  It uses recursion to do so until it finds and strips out all
1636: This function takes in the original IP address and returns its anonymous version by removing last block of ip addresses . It raises error if
1637: Check if the given string starts with 'URN' followed by 8 characters of zeroes. This function checks whether an input
1638: Implement bit wise majority operation. 3 inputs are taken and returns the result of majorizing x or any two input if
1639: Returns the overlap between two intervals.  The function takes as input an interval and returns its overlapping area with another given one
1640: Clean the sequence of parentheses and pipe characters.  This function takes as input an ambiguous string with both types sequences
1641: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the same list with all elements converted to lowercase using recursion –
1642: Checks if the given string contains non ASCII characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   It
1643: Returns the chunk of URL that comes after slash. If no such chuck exists, it returns whole string if there is
1644: Convert an integer to string with leading zeros. 	Example usage : "applyFormat" .134  =>
1645: Returns the frequency of an event.  The function takes two parameters; one is 'frequency' and another parameter called "cop
1646: Determine if two layers of an array are the same. If they're equal it returns True else False . The function
1647: Generates list of all unique tag names in the string s, ignoring any HTML comments or script elements that might be present
1648: Parses the given string into an integer range or single number and returns it as python's List of integers .
1649: This function calculates the date of one month before or after an inputted number and year. It takes three parameters; '
1650: Returns true if the bit at position 'offset' in value is set. Otherwise returns false . This function uses right shift operator
1651: This function extends the list of indices by one to find outlier values that are more than 3 standard deviations away from
1652: This function returns the number of bedrooms in an apartment based on its size. It takes two parameters; one is floor area main
1653: This function returns the number of terms in an input term, which is also known as gramsize or word count
1654: Clean file extensions from the given name if they are not jpg, png or gif and return original extension otherwise
1655: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output but with each block separated by two newlines before it
1656: Convert string to CammelCase format – convert underscore separated strings into capitalized and spaced form . e..g
1657: Convert an IP address to integer format using bitwise operations .   Code is written in Python language and uses recursion method of
1658: Crafts the URL to fetch historical data of given currency from coin market cap website  . Parameters are - Crypto
1659: Calculates the distance between two pixels based on their color difference. The function takes as input an RGB value of one or more
1660: Determine if the message contains all required letters. If yes, return human; otherwise self .   Code sn
1661: Returns the given file or directory's absolute filesystem paths. If no extension is provided, it will return an empty string;
1662: This function keeps only digists in the given string. The order of characters is preserved and no other character types are allowed to
1663: Get the directory name of localization variables based on given .properties file's language and country codes, e..g.,
1664: Convert the humidities to float. If not possible, return None .	Inputs : list of tuples with
1665: Returns the first 'n' numbers in an array.  The input is expected to be positive integer n, and returns as
1666: Filter out directories. 	Inputs : string, Output is boolean indicating whether the input should be filtered or not .
1667: Calculates the scaling factor needed to fit an image within its bounding box.  The function takes as input two dimensions of
1668: Convert the given amount of cents to dollars and return it as string with two decimal places formatted .	Example : $34
1669: This function takes as input the text of one song and returns how many unique word are in it, ignoring punctuation marks
1670: Checks if the given string represents an IP address with 3 parts separated by dots, each part being between [1 and
1671: Clean the given chemical formula string by converting to uppercase, replacing unknown tags with <unknown>  if no alphabets
1672: Returns an empty string if the input is not one or two characters long. If it's equal to delimiter then
1673: Returns the length of one edge in an equilateral triangle. The input is assumed to be positive integer, and it returns
1674: Checks if the input is palindrome. --> ---END SUMMARY-----' 'def': defines
1675: Returns the valid size of an image that can be processed by given parameters. This function calculates and returns how much larger or
1676: A function to convert the given number into its word equivalent.  For example '3 dogs' or just one dog if it
1677: Convert the input sequence of comma separated strings into uppercase letters list . This function will be used to convert all string
1678: Convert the given number of inputted time in terms and convert it into readable format using python programming language .   Code :
1679: Checks if the given string contains an oversized part of message. If it does then returns True else False . This function
1680: Convert numbers to their corresponding ASCII characters. If the character is not numeric, it will be left as they are and
1681: Returns the next odd integer in Collatz Conjecture. The conjecture states that every positive even numbered input will eventually
1682: Builds an URL to the experiment endpoint. 	Input Parameters : Base url of server . Returns -> The complete
1683: Calculates the resize factor with aspect ratio.  If image is wider than height then it will be resized to fit into
1684: Checks if the given string starts with 'Import' in either of two forms, returns True when it does else False
1685: Calculates the value of function at point on curve defined by two points and tangent line in parametric form using bise
1686: Checks if the given string contains only blank lines. Code is based on Python's built in function to check whether or
1687: Code to convert degree abbreviation.  1 input parameter -> output is the equivalent short form or abbr viz
1688: Checks if two lists are different.  If they have the same elements but in any order then returns false otherwise true .
1689: Returns the same padding value as in tf.nn .conv3d() function, which is half of kernel size minus
1690: truncates the integer to specified number of digitis. If more then available in original string representation it returns whole part else if
1691: Returns the maximum decimal value that can be represented with 'n' bits. The number of leading zeros is not considered in
1692: This function takes two lists of strings as input and returns the longest string from each list that is also present at least once among
1693: Generates the path to public coverage file in GCS bucket .  The function takes two parameters 'version' and '.dat
1694: This function simulates the game of Rock, Paper and Scisscor. It takes an integer as input which represents what
1695: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as str but with all spaces removed from both ends of it,
1696: Convert the number of audio sample frames to millisecond.	Input -> Number Of Samples and Sample Rate Output => Time
1697: Check if the given IP address string can be parsed as an IPv6 Address .   If it's valid, return true
1698: Checks if the given string is in 'HH::MM' format or not, returns true/false accordingly  .
1699: This function splits the input string into two parts based on '-' character and returns them as separate strings in tuple format
1700: Convert the given string into an array of characters, one character at time .  Code to Array Converter   Python function that
1701: Converts Hexadecimal color to RGB. Code is written as two functions - one that splits the string
1702: Generates the URL to access an existing GateWay. 	Input parameters are project and gate way name respectively . Output
1703: Check if two ids are the same ignoring case and leading/trailing whitespace  Code is used to compare an
1704: Generates the URL of an installed Python Package on PyPI – https:/ / p y pi . org/ < pack
1705: Computes the nth Fibo number using recursion. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding index
1706: A function to convert string into integer. The input is assumed as an ASCII representation of the number in base n where '
1707: Implement Miller Rabbin Primality Test in Python Code snippet with an efficient implementation of the test using randomized algorithms
1708: Returns an m x 1 matrix filled with zeros. The number of rows is equal to the first argument and each row
1709: Convert standard deviation to relative strength index . The formula is derived from the CCS method of calculating risk score based on average and
1710: Checks if the first character of inputted text/code snippet starts with "++" or not.
1711: Convert the given hexadecimal string to bytes in reverse order of RGBA colorspace . e..g., #FFFF
1712: Loads the weight matrix from disk. 	Input : type of data to be loaded, Output:"weight matix".
1713: This function takes three arguments representing the current hours and minutes of day. It returns an array with 3 elements where each element
1714: A function that returns the relative start times of each segment within an array or list, given its size and total length –
1715: Calculates the mass of an amino acid subsequence in g/mol based on its type and location within that protein
1716: Get the substring of string until it encounters first close parenthesis. Code is written in Python language and uses recursion
1717: “Returns the corresponding bot code based on inputted months”. } .format() if isinstance else raise Type Error
1718: Convert bytes to readable format. ---> Size in byte is converted into the most appropriate SI prefixes ie KB
1719: Convert an integer to its corresponding character representation in the radix of three. Code is provided by user and returns string result .
1720: A function to reverse complement DNA sequence. It takes an input string of nucleotides and returns the reversed complimentary str
1721: This function returns the prefix of matlabs file name, if there is no extension it will return an empty string else removes
1722: Return True if the input is null or empty, False otherwise. 	Function to check whether an object in French language can
1723: Parses the inputted strings by replacing all non ASCII characters with spaces.  If an exception occurs, it simply
1724: This function takes an integer as input and returns the reverse of its digit representation – that is, it finds all numbers from
1725: Remove duplicated elements from an array using recursion and list comprehensions – ```python .py : function that removes
1726: Returns True if the integer contains ‘8’ or any digit from {0,1} otherwise False. Code is written
1727: Checks if the given string starts with "starts_" .  If it does, returns True. Otherwise False	. Returns
1728: A function that takes in string and returns the same input but with characters order is reverted.  For example, if you
1729: Calculates the break even point price.  The function takes in an 'Initial Share Price', and two commission rates ('Buy
1730: Convert string into list of strings separated by commas, with spaces removed from the end and beginning . 	Input : str
1731: Computes the scalar product of two 3D points.	Inputs are tuples representing three dimensional coordinates in space
1732: Computes the sum of reciprocals from an array with 4 elements using given parameters z and θ . The function
1733: A function that concatenates two strings. 	Inputs : Two Strings Output   Concat of the inputted String
1734: This function checks if the given input is an actual valid Leap Year. It returns true when it's indeed, and
1735: Refactor formula to reverse the order of operations and convert all lower case letters into upper cases, but leave parentheses as
1736: Mangle symbol names to be used in the source file. 	Example usage : munge("foo") => "_m
1737: Calculates the total of all digits in an integer. Code is recursive and uses modulo operation to get last digit
1738: Defines two functions and returns the result of multiplying them. The first function squares an input number while second one cubes
1739: Calculates the Perimiter of Rectangle using length and width parameters .   Code snippet : rectangle_per
1740: Raise an exception with the given message.  This is used to indicate that something has gone wrong in execution of some part
1741: Convert the given string of seats to binary.  The input is expected as an array with each element being one row, and
1742: Convert the database path into an API endpoint. 	Inputs : Database Path, Output -> Api Endpoint string
1743: Converts Hexadecimal to Decimals. Code is written in Python language and uses recursion method."
1744: Checks if the inputted word or phrase forms an identical read backwards. If it does then returns true else false . This
1745: Cleans the input string by removing all non alphanumeric characters. 	Inputs : String, Output ->
1746: This function returns two names of the given data set. The first name is created by appending '_' and 'one',
1747: Parses the string to float number format using Python builtin function "eval" and returns it as result . If no
1748: Sorts the residue sequence of an amino acid peptides. This function takes as input one string,
1749: Evaluates Reverse Polish Notation expression stored as list of strings – each string is an operand or
1750: Generates the term in Fibonacci sequence. The function generates terms recursively until it reaches base cases of fib
1751: Calculates the bias of sine wave from electric field. The result is in microtesla per meter square .   [...]
1752: Finds the maximum sum of non adjacent elements in an array. Code is incomplete and needs to be completed by you .
1753: Clean URLs by removing unnecessary characters.  If the first character is ':', it adds http to start with, removes tra
1754: A function to convert underscore separated names into CammelCase format." -->"   }}}}}} }}".
1755: Decodes the fourCC value to string format .   ### Code : convert integer into video frame header and return as utf
1756: Checks if two strings are similar by measuring the number of identical characters. If they have different lengths then it returns false else
1757: Convert Hexadecimals to RGB. Code is written as per the standard Python syntax and logic of conversion from one
1758: Remove duplicate characters from the input string using Python's builtin data structure "Set". The function will return new sorted character
1759: Returns the title of an article. If it's less than five characters, returns empty string; otherwise return remaining
1760: This function takes in an input string and replaces all slashes with underscores, replacing any spaces within the name.
1761: Determine the game's winning player.  If two throws are equal it returns tie message else if one of them is
1762: Generates the JSON Schema of CSV files – one line function to generate json schemas from csv data .
1763: Defines the function to reverse an arithmetic fraction.  The fractions are represented as tuples of two integers,
1764: ... }. ```  .py file that defines the function to get action from id, and returns its description in string
1765: Parses an integer from the given string. If it starts with "hex" or hexadecimal prefix then par
1766: Checks if two parenthesis are matched.  If they match return true else false .   Code checks whether the given pair
1767: This function takes as input an English phrase, and replaces the word "Happy" with another one called Happy .  It
1768: Remove all the special characters from string.  Input is one line of text, output will be cleaned version without any puct
1769: Checks if the given string contains any sphinxt markups. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .
1770: This function calculates the total of all numbers up to limit that are divisble by either three, five ,or both
1771: Checks if the current token is one of "w", “word”, and its variants. If it's
1772: Clean the input line by removing non alphanumeric characters.  This function is used to filter out any character that isn
1773: Finds the delimeter character used to separate values.  If none found, returns semicolon by default but can be
1774: Pad the input with zeros to make it even length. If already an odd number of digits, return as is because
1775: Returns True if the string is either 'True' ('t'), ‘False’, ''('f') ,or its
1776: Convert position in chess board format. Input is string of the form "a3" or an integer representing row and column
1777: Get the host name from an FQDN string, if it is not present then return original input as output  .
1778: Convert RGB hexadecimal to list of integers. Example FF is equivalent red color and so on... . The function
1779: Convert an integer into its ordinals form . e g., convert the number one two three four five six seven eight nine ten
1780: Returns the first element of an array or string if it is enclosed by square brackets, else returns original input –
1781: Clean the file name by removing extension if it is .CSV or not present in original string, else return as given without
1782: Computes the distance between two lists of numbers.  The function takes in as input one list and another; it then comput
1783: Returns the sequence of characters from 'a' to given character.  The first parameter is inclusive and last one exclusive . For
1784: Clean the URL by removing trailing dot. 	Inputs and Output Example:"https://www.google..com"
1785: Copies the first n elements of an array. If 'n' is zero or negative it returns original input as output else
1786: This function returns the key to be used in groupings based on an input string of format 'type__attribute'.  If
1787: A function that takes in one line of input and returns the same string with its initial character uppercase, followed by any additional
1788: Sort keys based on the versioning scheme of Kubernetes API objects like v/V and alpha/. beta versions respectively .
1789: Split the given string into its components - Host and Port – if it is in format 'Hostname':Portnumber
1790: Convert numbers to names.  For example, if the input is '9', it will return name of player who has chosen
1791: Calculates the maximum video rate that can be achieved with given height. It takes into account aspect ratio and audio quality to calculate
1792: This function returns two parts of the authentication string, separated by ':' character in case it is valid HTTP basic authorization format
1793: Convert color space to grayscale or apply specific tone of sepiatone. 0 means no conversion and negative values
1794: Convert the input to boolean type, if possible; otherwise return False .  If it's not true/false but other
1795: Computes the power of an integer in logarithmic time. Modulo operation is performed at each step to prevent overflows and
1796: This function finds the first kmers of length K from an input string. It uses recursion to traverse through each character
1797: Generates the names of all possible combinations that can be formed from r, g and b. 1st call will generate
1798: Convert diameter to FWHM in sigma units, assuming Gaussian distribution with given standard deviation as the base of our calculation .
1799: This function calculates the difference between squares of sums and their own values. It takes an integer as input which is used to
1800: Calculates the square of error between two cells in an array or list data structure . The result is calculated by subtracting one
1801: Count the number of ways to decode an encoded string. The encoding is done using numbers from "one" through nine and
1802: Convert cents into dollars and return as string with two decimal places, e..g., $34 would be returned in the
1803: Convert string to boolean, if possible else raise an error .  If the input is yes/ true / t , return TRUE
1804: Checks if the last 3 characters of given string are all dots. If yes, then it returns True else False .
1805: This function implements the extended Euclidean algorithm. It returns gcd of two integers using recursive method with iterative approach to
1806: Returns the formatted string of an Author. If no name is provided, returns '?' 	Formatting function to return form
1807: This function splits the input string by commas and returns list of strings after stripping leading/trailing whitespace from
1808: A function that calculates the number of ways to distribute 'm' pairs in such way as each pair contains one male and
1809: Write the function to return correct suffix based on given number. For example, if input is "3", output should be "'
1810: This function checks if the year provided as input by user, whether it's leap. If yes then return True else False
1811: Return the string "<num><units> <name of function/method>>". 	Example usage : newyork
1812: Implement the Quartet Easing Function. The function takes an input position and returns its easing effect as per Quad
1813: Calculates the percentage of characters in sequence that are covered by one character per unit length . The function returns an integer value between
1814: This function takes an index and pads it with zeros to make its length equal 8. For example, if the input
1815: Returns the FIBONACCI number at position 'N'. The first two numbers are always zero and one. For other
1816: This function takes an URL as input and returns the same but with all parameters removed from it, leaving only domain name intact
1817: Darkens the given RGBA value by specified factor and returns new values as an integer tuples in range 0 to
1818: Returns the susceptibilities of an individual at given 'Age' in terms on how much they are resistant to infection. This
1819: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII letter. 0 maps onto 'a',  1 mapps ont'b
1820: Returns the maximum and minimum values from an inputted array.  If empty returns error message "empty List".   . The
1821: Fixes the apostrophy in front of strings. If there is no quote, it will return original text as its not
1822: Checks if the given string is of format '<PREFIX><FIELD NAME> <SUFFIX>`.  If it
1823: A function to calculate the first 'N' Fibonacci numbers. The time complexity is O((log N)).
1824: Encode string to MySQL format using ord() function  .   #10346897,#x
1825: Calculates the time delay between two signals in seconds using linear interpolation method with respect to their reference times and zero offsets
1826: A function that calculates the scoring of given word. The length is considered as part to calculate its value, and it adds
1827: Convert BRIX to SG. The conversion factor is given by the formula used in BRICS standards, which are based
1828: This function checks if the given board configuration is reachable from any of its possible states. It does so by reversing each
1829: This function calculates the maximum decimal value of binary number with 'n' bits. It uses recursion to calculate it by
1830: Implemented the Naïve Search algorithm. It searches through an input string to find all occurrences of another sub
1831: Convert decimal to IP address. The input is the integer of total number representation in binary form and output will be an ipv
1832: This function returns the day of week that corresponds to given date in Deka's calendar. The first Monday is considered
1833: Returns the icon's file extension and its basenames in order of appearance, separated by dots .  e..g
1834: A function to compute the scalar/dotproduct of two lists. If one list is empty it raises an error; if both
1835: Compute the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' terms and return it as well its doubled value.
1836: Remove unnecessary characters from the input.  The function will only keep alphabets, numbers or special symbols except @ &
1837: Returns the score of player after one round. The strategy is always to win with no penalty or bonus points given by opponents in
1838: Returns the value of one if wheels are on track, else returns very small number to avoid division by zero error in future calculations
1839: A function that returns the sum of all numbers up to 'N' which are divisible by either three and five. The
1840: This function checks if the given position of an alphanumeric string contains only valid characters and returns True or False accordingly .
1841: Checks if the given string starts with "http://" or not.  It does so by checking each character in sequence
1842: Compare two sequences of integers. Returns the number score if they are equal or - otherwise returns scores in form array . The function
1843: Create key from the given id of an event or duration object, if it's not already one then add prefixes to
1844: Returns the name of parent connection from given child's id .  e..g : get "mydb::user"
1845: Generates unique key based on the document slugs and locales. This is used to identify documents in memory cache or other
1846: Convert string to number based on tags in the file name or extension .doc/.ppt,.xls etc.. Return default
1847: Generates the last part of an object's identifier in Racket syntax, or returns 'None'. ...
1848: Check if the given string starts with DOIs.  If it does, return True; otherwise False .   Code is used
1849: Convert the given spans to tokens. This function is used in converting text into tokenized form which can be processed further by
1850: Returns the position of first set bits in binary representation. This function uses recursion to find out where one's place is
1851: Return True if the string starts with "Error" / Warning". Otherwise, return False . 10/3rd
1852: Finds the maximum length of an array. If all elements are zeroes then returns one else return zeros . The function
1853: Returns True if there is at least one duplicate URL present. Else returns false .  This function checks whether the list of
1854: Convert string to integer. 	Inputs : str, Output -> Integer or None if conversion is not possible .
1855: Convert MONGO field to BigQuery friendly name.  This function converts the given input string into an equivalent one that
1856: Convert the given string to its equivalent in semitone. The function takes two parameters; one is an input of type '
1857: Returns the unique elements of an input array in descending order.  Code is written to handle large lists efficiently and returns them
1858: Convert the given string to list of percentages based on whether it'll be unmitted or will have some percentage value after
1859: Extracts the integer part of string. If there is no digit in it returns an empty String .  Code will return
1860: Convert the given 'Zone'-type object to its corresponding region name if possible, otherwise raise an error message "invalid Zone".
1861: This function trims the text to only include alphabetic characters.  It does not modify nonalphabetical and
1862: Extracts the last part of an IRI from its URL, which is assumed to be unique within each OntoV
1863: A function to determine if the input string/word or sentence reads same backward as forward. It uses two pointers approach
1864: Convert the given number into string with leading zeros. If it is less than 9 then return as "X" if
1865: This function cuts the repeating characters from given string. It keeps only those which are not repeated more than specified number of times and
1866: This function takes in the current software's major, minor and hot fix versions as strings separated by '.' – e
1867: Returns True if the number is equal to its digit fifth powers, False otherwise. For example "equalsSumFifthtP
1868: Checks if all characters of the string are unique. If any character repeats, it returns false; otherwise true."
1869: Checks if the string contains any digit. 0 is not considered as part of it, and also checks only at most
1870: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. The first two numbers are always given as parameters and then recursively calculated until
1871: Returns the names of all variables that are used as targets.  The byte parameter is appended to each variable name, indicating
1872: A function to sort the peptonides in lexicographical order.  Code is written using Python language and uses recursion
1873: Decodes time in seconds to hours and minutes. The function takes an integer representing the number of milisecodess as
1874: Returns the product of two elements in an array.  The input is expected to be one dimensional and should contain exactly three integers
1875: Checks if the given string begins with "http://dx.", ".org", .edu" etc., followed by DO
1876: Checks if the given string starts with 'X' followed by 3 digits and ends in '.dat'. If so
1877: Calculates the font size based on scale and an assumed standard deviation of pixel values.	Inputs : Scale factor to
1878: A recursive function to convert an integer into its equivalent in base two. Code is written using Python language and uses the concept
1879: Returns the directory name of given path, if it exists else returns current working dir .  [1 line only].   #
1880: Sanitation of script contents. This function will remove any HTML tags from the input string if they exist, and return
1881: Return the input string with its final character replaced by an additional dash if it is not already present. If there are more than
1882: This function returns the URL of youtube videos by their unique ids . 	Input : Video ID, Output:"Returns
1883: Check if the specified SPHINGO documentation build environment variable has been set or not – returns false when no such setting
1884: Generates an RGB color pattern in the form of rows. Each row is generated by recursively calling itself to create nested lists
1885: Returns the path to workflow file with given .py extension in "./workflows" directory 	Parameters : str -
1886: Calculates the percentage of Cpgs present within sequence data .   #TODO : Add more details about what is being
1887: This function generates the string representation of an edge in graph.  The source id and destination ID are converted to strings before being
1888: Convert number of bites to bytes. If the input is not multiple by eight, round up . The result will be rounded
1889: Convert YIQ to RGB. The conversion is done by adding the respective coefficients and dividing it with an offset of '
1890: Deserialize CSW data by splitting on ':' and then further splits each element within the list using square brackets
1891: This function prints the scale of skills.  It takes two parameters - 'Skills' and their corresponding scores in percentage form
1892: This function generates batches of files names based on the given parameters using recursion and dynamic programming approach to optimize memory usage by
1893: Convert the file extension of an image to Dapi or UV based on its labeling scheme, if possible return original else returns
1894: This function is used to remove parentheses from the input string. It uses recursion and auxiliary functions that handle different types
1895: Parse the content and return it as comma separated values without any leading or trailing commas, if present in input string
1896: Invert the event value. If e is odd, return its opposite; if it's even then keep as original and
1897: This function calculates the cost of fitting an object to one axis. The difference between two points is calculated and then multiplied
1898: This function is used to generate random responses based on the parameters of an unbiased estimator with two components and one component that
1899: Convert strings to boolean values, with 'True' and ‘False’ as the two possible results of conversion from any input
1900: Count the number of times an integer is divisible by another. Code snippet to find out how many digits in
1901: Computes the modulus of score by two. The result is then printed out to console using print function . This program calcul
1902: Create an empty dictionary.  Add the numbers from num to map as keys and their squares root of summed values in list
1903: Create an output filename by appending the given string to all but last part of input path and keeping only extension name .
1904: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1905: Compute the GMOF of an array with respect to some scale factor 'sigma'. The function returns zero if all elements
1906: This function calculates the CuCPs per Na in Sirions based on their concentration levels, using an array of concentrations
1907: Remove punctuation from the given string.  If it is not possible to remove all types of p, t , m or
1908: Trims leading and trailing whitespace from string 'str' type input, returns the result as new String .  [
1909: Returns the name of splines interpolation method. 4 modes are supported, with mirror being default and reflect as second option
1910: A function to calculate the cube of each number from N downwards. The result is then returned as an integer value .
1911: Checks if the string contains equal number of "X" and/or “O” characters only . If so,
1912: This function takes 4 arguments and returns the first two with an exclamation mark added to them. The third argument is
1913: A function to clean the string by removing nested brackets.  It keeps track of opening and closing parentheses levels,
1914: Count the number of times that one string occurs as substring in another.  The function takes three strings and returns an integer
1915: Returns the non null string from input or returns provided as argument if it is empty/blank  .   # noqa
1916: This function takes two parameters and returns the condensed version of input string. It uses recursion to reduce length by one character
1917: Parses the list of parameters from an HTTP request URL and returns two values - starting index & number to be returned per
1918: Convert underscore to space. If not present, return the original string with C prefix and suffix added by spaces around it as
1919: Defines and returns an uppercase version of the input string 'str'. 	Example usage : "hello world" =>
1920: This function clusters the given input into groups of similar elements based on their similarity to each other using cosine distance as measure and
1921: Calculates the number of blacklisted users in an organization. The function takes as input n, which is equal to total no
1922: Returns the first three parameters. 		   .   	.    	   |   |     | |    |  |      |       |        |         |
1923: Get full HTML page URL with print option.  If the url contains ?, append &amp; and = to it else
1924: This function returns the type of network interface connected to. It checks if wan interfaces are present, then it's
1925: Removes all blank lines from the input string and returns it as one line without any extra spaces or newline characters at start
1926: Computes the right hand side of Logistical Equation using given parameters t and other variables .  The equation is defined as
1927: Check if one string is subsequence of another using recursion and stack data structure  Code length :  38 characters .
1928: Create file name with hyphen and lower case the filename	Inputs : File Name & Extension . Output -> New Fil
1929: Generates tripla of numbers. The first number is the square difference between two given integers and second one represents summation
1930: Generates mock keys. 1st parameter is function name and the second one can be any string to generate unique ids
1931: Convert the given integer to its English representation. If it is divisible by three, return 'pling'. if divided evenly
1932: This function takes in an array of subsets and converts them into strings.  It is used to convert the output from generate
1933: Get the URL to access GPU type details in Google Cloud Platform . 		    Returns an API endpoint that can be used by
1934: Returns the midpoint of an axis aligned bounding box. If not valid input raises error if dimensions are zero in either dimension
1935: Convert an integer to the corresponding environment variable. If no conversion exists return None .   # TODO : Add more details here...
1936: Check if one path segment of the list starts with another.  If so return True else false . The function checks whether or
1937: This function checks if two phrases are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the characters from both strings and
1938: Convert an integer to its equivalent hexadecimal representation. 	Example usage : convert the number "34" from
1939: Appends the given string to another. 	Input -> Base String and Suffix	String Output => Concat
1940: Get the URN from URLs with colon character as separator . e..g ://www....com/path
1941: Append extended oceanic regions to the list of available continents based on their names or extensions, if they exist within input
1942: A function to find the minimum cost of painting houses with different colors in an array where each element is [redCost , blue
1943: This function takes two arguments - string and list of all possible characters that can be used as start/end symbols. It returns
1944: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output with each element on its own line but indented by
1945: A function to convert list of strings into comma separated string.  Code is used in the main program .   It joins all
1946: Return the input string with all comments removed, if any exist in it .  If no comment is found return original text as
1947: Convert the given 'Source' to its corresponding shorhand.  If not recognized, return original value as is .
1948: Convert time in secs to readable string. If less than minute, return as is; if more then convert into min
1949: This function strips the namespace from an object's full qualified class or method names. It does so by recursively calling itself
1950: Count the number of 'Y's in an array. The function takes two parameters side pos and distance from center to return
1951: Finds all possible positions of the number in one row/column. Returns an empty list if outside board range else returns
1952: Update the position of an object in 3D space. If two positions are equal then do nothing and return current one as
1953: Replace subsections of the inputted strings.  If start index is negative and/or length if less than zero then
1954: This function recognizes greetings in the given sentence by checking if it starts with "hi" / “hello”,
1955: Computes the new position of an object given its original and final positions.  The function takes as input three lists representing vectors
1956: Normalizes an eMail address by replacing dots and at symbols with underscores. The function is recursive to handle nested
1957: Parses the given string to get application and object name from dot separated strings  . e..g., 'com/
1958: This function takes as input 3xn numpy array and returns the same output with its elements arranged into columns. It
1959: This function finds the first occurrence of an array in another list. It uses recursion to search through lists and arrays until it
1960: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is required and must be positive or zero only . If it
1961: Defines the NOT Gate operation on one bit binary inputs, returning its output as boolean result True if it's receiving an
1962: Convert the given dollar amount to cents, removing any currency symbol or decimal point at start/end of string and return as integer
1963: Generates an STS URL based on the provided parameters .   [Solution] sns -> awssdk
1964: Convert the given string to an alphanumeric and underscore separated format, but only when it is not already numerically
1965: This function returns the opposit of given input.  It takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be either '
1966: 返回一个颜色字符串列表。如果没有提供名称，则默认为空集合；否则
1967: A function to convert file sizes from bytes into more readable formats like KB/MB etc.. The conversion is done recurs
1968: Check whether the input is possible to form as per rules of Palidromic permutations.  For example, "a
1969: Returns the numerical value of an ID string, where each character's ASCII representation is used to calculate its position within al
1970: A function to check if brackets are balanced.  It uses pairs of matching symbols like parentheses or square brak
1971: Reverse the guard condition of an expression. For example, 'a >= b' becomes '-b'.  This function
1972: Translate the name of an SIR model to its corresponding ODE system.  For example, if you have 's
1973: Calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to given number. This is done by calculating and returning an integer that represents
1974: Convert bytes to readability format, e..g., convert KB or MB into more user friendly form like GB etc... .
1975: This function calculates the maximum number of individuals that can fit in one rectangle. The input parameters are lengths and radiuses from
1976: Remove the filename from an absolute file system or URL based on its location in filesystem/URL structure .  For example if you
1977: Clean the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespace, converting to lowercase 	Inputs : String of one
1978: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was written out word by “word”,
1979: Convert string to bool, if possible else raise an error with the invalid input message .  If not convertible return None or
1980: Calculates the sum of all numbers from 'j' to n in range [0..n] inclusive. If current number
1981: Computes the sum of two elements at specific positions in an array using modulo arithmetic and returns it as result . The
1982: This function calculates the average point of each vertex on faces given as 4 points and returns them reversely ordered . The
1983: This function returns whether the given time is peak or not. A day's hours are defined as those between '8AM
1984: Find the current line's indentation level. If it is at zero then return one else calculate and store in variable
1985: Insert dots in the CPF number. 1st, middle and last digits are replaced by '.' . The
1986: Check if two paths are the exact identical. If they're not exactly equal then return False else True . For example it
1987: Convert temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius using the RTD thermistor model .   Temperature is
1988: checks if the first character of string is upper case, returns True/False accordingly 	Example usage : print("hello world
1989: Generates tied note IDs by appending 'b' or '-c', depending on the last character of previous string,
1990: Returns the IP address with one less or more than half of its value in each octet, depending on whether it is even
1991: Counts the number of occurrences in one string. The function takes two parameters; 'str' and an occurrence counter
1992: Calculates the minimum and maximum possible scores in dataframe.  If no range is provided it calcula...' .strip
1993: Returns the inputted string as is. 	Inputs : A single character or multiple characters, Output - The same String
1994: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output as its argument but with all angle brackets removed.
1995: A recursion function that calculates the sum of squares from 'p' to '-happy'. The value is calculated by taking
1996: Converts the FFT result to Hz using sampling frequency and NFFT value .  It is used in signal processing
1997: Check if the given filename is of type .PY or not, it should start with an underscore (_), has at least
1998: A function to calculate the length of an array or string representation in Python's list/string formatting style . e g
1999: Defines function to convert array into string.  If the index is greater than zero then adds comma and space between elements of
2000: Convert the data type of an input to its simplest form.  For example, convert int/unsigned integer types into 'integer
2001: Adds parentheses around the input string if it is not already enclosed by them.  If 'require' parameter
2002: Compute the difference between two segments. If they overlap then return their length else zero is returned if there're no overl
2003: This function takes an URL as input and returns the format of that file/URL by splitting it into its components, then returning
2004: This function takes in an array of commands and returns the same list with all empty lines aligned to their left. The number is
2005: Generates edges of the grid. 1st and last column are not considered as they have no left or right neighbors respectively
2006: Finds the longest open reading frame in DNA sequence using dynamic programming approach."   [1 point]. --->"Find
2007: This function takes two strings as input and returns the longest common prefix of their names. It does so by comparing characters from both
2008: "Returns the Levenshtein distance between two strings."  }.get()[str] if not in switc
2009: Check if the file has an image format (.JPG, .PNG or just JPEGS). This function
2010: Check if the given input represents an end of group marker in Markdown syntax, ie., two consecutive slashes at start
2011: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format. If the input is less than or equal zero return 'invalid'. Otherwise convert it
2012: Returns whether the last character of an input string represents call or put options, otherwise returns invalid if it doesn’t represent either
2013: Returns the string with all lowercase characters removed from both ends of it, and returns only alphanumeric character in between
2014: This function calculates the payment on an annualized mortgage with given parameters of principal amount and year duration . The formula used is
2015: Convert the given amount of micrometers to grams. The conversion factor is one gram = ±  93
2016: This function converts the string to its initial capital letter.  If it is already in uppercase or lower case then returns
2017: This function pads an integer with zeros to reach the length of another. If it is already at least as long then returns
2018: Returns the width of an object's bounding box.  The x and y coordinates are used to calculate it .
2019: Calculates the number of times one string is contained within another.  The function will count any character that matches in both strings
2020: A function that maps characters to numbers in the alphabet using dictionary mapping from character codes into numeric values between '0'
2021: Count the number of slashes ('/') present within string 'str' – case sensitive.   - Code to be
2022: Validates passwords by checking if they are empty or not long enough and whether there're any repeating characters within them."
2023: Checks if the given rows contain at least one of each possible combination within provided ranges.  If so returns True else False
2024: Generates the binary representation of each character as lowercase or upper case based on its ASCII value, respectively .  For
2025: Convert the inputted strings into list of integers, ignoring non digit characters and spaces between digits 	Inputs :
2026: Calculates the average of cards in hand. This function takes as input an array/list containing integers representing different types
2027: A function that performs Binary Search on an array of integers. It takes in three parameters - the number to be searched and
2028: Code that splits the input string into chunks of size at most `n` and with maximum length equal to or less
2029: Computes the Dot Product of two vectors.  The result is returned as an integer value .   #dot product between
2030: Returns the name of an element at given coordinates in grid format . e..g 03 would be returned as '
2031: Convert the given string to RFC 8601 compliant datetime in Python .e..g., 'Mon,
2032: Returns the concatenation level of an integer.  If it is greater than zero then returns '(' concat with two same
2033: Code checks if the given string contains all possible combinations of characters from "apt install".  Returns True or False.   [
2034: Returns the intermediate string representation of an optical system object's name based on its wavelength and grisma type, as well
2035: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed. However instead of returning characters from
2036: This function calculates the power generation and returns its color based on how much it is efficient. The colors are green if more
2037: Clean string by removing empty strings from the list of elements in each word'  .   Code is used to remove all leading
2038: A function that keeps only numerics in the string and removes all other characters .  The order of remaining digits is revers
2039: Format the given email address as "username"@domain". Return None if invalid input is provided or no dot found after username
2040: Implemented the Extend Euclid Algorithm to find GCD and coefficients of Bezout's identity. The
2041: Returns the name of an internal field that has been created to store data from one or more fields.  This is used by
2042: This function calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and their sums. It is used to calculate an interesting property
2043: Convert the given 3x4 grid to list format.	Inputs : A three by four matrix, Output is an
2044: This function converts the string representation of numbers to their integer equivalents. It does so by iterating over each character,
2045: Remove unnecessary parenthesis from the given string. The function will return new modified version of input without any extra opening or closing br
2046: Returns whether the given day of week number corresponds to weekend or not. If input value doesnt match any case, returns zero
2047: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm." ---
2048: Compare two versions in the format major . minor , fix number with python function to check which one is greater than another based on
2049: Check if the string contains specific characters.  This function checks whether or not an inputted Python source file name matches certain criteria
2050: Checks if the input string can be converted to an integer that represents positive number.  If it cannot, then returns false
2051: Convert an IP address to MAC format using the standard 1986/OSI model of addressing and conversion, where
2052: Parses the version and OS from file names in format 'version'-'platform'.  If there are more or less
2053: Converts all uppercase letters to lower and vice versa.  Code is based on ASCII values of characters,
2054: Returns the feature size of DLIB based on input. If type is not dlib, it returns default value ie.,
2055: Trim the base part of an absolute file or directory name.  If it starts with 'a/b' and we
2056: Removes all whitespaces from the input string.  Code is written to be efficient and clean, with no unnecessary operations or
2057: Convert an application name to valid K8s naming convention by converting it into lower case, removing leading and trailing spaces
2058: Validates the given 'Runtime Environment' object. 	Parameters : Runtime environment to be validated . Returns True if it
2059: Returns the largest multiple of 'n' less than or equal to given number. If it is not possible then returns double that
2060: This function takes in an URL path and returns the numerically represented part of it as its ID, or raises exception if not
2061: This function generates the binary representation of an integer.  It takes as input one bit string and returns its equivalent decimal number by
2062: This function takes in the URI of an object and returns its ID within that resource hierarchy .  For example if we have /
2063: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula of conversion from one degree freezing point on earth, and
2064: Returns the number of rows or columns based on function parameter "F". If F is not defined, returns zero .   [
2065: A function to calculate the value of an element at index 'i' from series. If no elements are present return zero and
2066: Replace all spaces in the string with '%28' to represent space.  This function uses recursion and backtr
2067: Convert list of paths to string. 	Inputs : List[str] -> str   Output = String that represents
2068: This function generates the regex pattern of amino acids in given sequence.  It uses recursion to generate all possible combinations
2069: This function returns the data about spot and exchange trades. It takes as input parameters SP available trade volume , Spot traded
2070: Remove the specified string from start of input. If not found returns original unmodified value if length is less than given one
2071: Normalizes the path elements by replacing spaces and hyphens with underscores.  This is useful when comparing paths to avoid
2072: A function that converts string to boolean. If the input is 'true', it returns true, if false or anything else
2073: Validates if the length of string is greater than or equal to minimum required. This function returns true only when input
2074: This function calculates the probability of drawing one from two independent Bernoully distributed variables with given biases and variances respectively
2075: Returns the string "<Name> <is Cursed".  Code should return name in mystery format.  	Example usage
2076: Calculates the IRA of an individual based on their total investment. If they have less than or equal to $1,
2077: Convert datetime string to long format 19860347T . Returns the date and time as an integer
2078: Computes the determinant of an inputted square Matrix using recursion and memoization."   [...]" . The
2079: Convert block time to datetime. The input is in seconds since the epoch and returns date as string format yyyy/mm
2080: Converts all line breaks to HTML entities – replaces '\n' with &lt;br/> and returns
2081: Checks if the first letter of input string is vowels. 1/3rds full time, other half used
2082: Checks if the sides of triangle are valid according to Pythagorean theorem rules – ie., they can
2083: Return the regular expression pattern that matches word boundaries in Python, equivalent to \b . 	Example : r"\bf
2084: Maps the given string to its corresponding integer value in an array of ores codes . If no match is found it returns
2085: Checks if the given input is an empty set.  Returns true when it's either "" or None, otherwise returns
2086: Check if the given 3D Point is within or on one of two rectangular planes. The plane can be either XY
2087: Generates the executable name of an interpreters.  If it ends with .py, returns python; if not then append
2088: Returns the first 3 characters of string and remaining part. If length is less than six then return whole input as it'
2089: Find the index of grid in 1D array. pos is position on dimension to be found; returns an integer value representing
2090: Filter comparators are used to filter nodes based on their attributes. 	Type of Node or String : str, optional -
2091: Finds the first string that matches case insensitively within list of strings – returns it if found or none otherwise
2092: Generates the path to module descriptor file in given directory 	Inputs : Directory of Module . Output - Path To The
2093: Validates if the input is in discords format.  It checks that all characters are digits and starts with "!"
2094: This function returns the last part of an URL path, ignoring any trailing slashes and returning only one level deep if
2095: Extracting the class from full qualified names of python classes .  For example, if input is "moduleName" it will
2096: Code checks if the number provided by user inputted in integer format, whether it's prime. If yes then return true
2097: Checks if the given string represents an oneline release. 1st part of prereleases are alphabets
2098: Checks if the input string can be converted to an integer within given range [mi..ma].  If it is not
2099: Checks whether the given string contains any of gate, out or obs as part 3rd word . If yes then returns
2100: Convert the given three dimensions to string.  The function takes as input two integers and returns an array of characters where each character
2101: Build regex pattern from the given line of text. If 'strict' is True then it will match any character that isn’
2102: Convert mpg to liters per hour conversion factor from kilometres travelled in one hundred km on earth's surface
2103: Create an EHR unioned dataframe. 	Inputs : Table ID, Output - Union of all records from the
2104: Check if the error message indicates that jQuery has been undefined.  If so, return True; otherwise False .   Code sn
2105: Encryption function. 	Inputs : string, Output -> encrypted message as ASCII characters .  		    Example
2106: Format an address as per the given rules. If street is empty, return city only else concatenates it with country and returns
2107: Count the total word count in string, including punctuation and spaces between them .  For example "Hello World" would return
2108: Counts the number of changes needed to transform one list into another. The transformation is done by comparing each element in two lists
2109: A function to calculate the number of layers in an arbitrary tree structure. The depth is calculated by counting from zero and then dou
2110: Check if two numbers have the same bit pattern. 1 means they do not share any common bits with each other; otherwise
2111: Remove the 'http://' or ‘https:/’ prefix from www. in front of URLs if present, else
2112: Get the class name from test names using ':' as separator – e..g., "com/example" -
2113: This function takes in two strings and returns them as one string. It swaps the first character of each pair to get their
2114: This function calculates the negative of an inverted chi squaired term with some form or curvature and normalization terms added to
2115: Split the given string into two pieces based on whether it is an integer or not; return both as integers when possible else
2116: Convert SQL data type into equivalent database field types.  For example VARCHAR -> STRING and CHAR/TEXT => TEXT
2117: Prepare age breaks based on the given list of ages.  If no input is provided, return default value as zero or
2118: Convert timezone difference in days to seconds. If the input is '+/- Z', return zero, otherwise convert it into
2119: Returns the recording views of an object based on its type or id . If not found returns [-inf,-Inf] and [
2120: Generates command list to run MetaQuAST on an FASTA file.  The output directory is specified as well
2121: Parses the given string of dimension values and returns their respective lengths in cm as integers .  e..g "3
2122: Serialize JWT compact format.  This function takes in the JSON Web Token and returns it as string representation of
2123: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the given field string, if any; otherwise return it as is .  [1
2124: Convert an integer to RGB. The input is the hexadecimal representation of color in form rrrggbb . Returns
2125: Extracts the common prefix of all paths in an array or list using recursion and string manipulation techniques – similar
2126: 返回JWT的类型。如果仓库是私有，则为'RSA/SHA1
2127: Return the directory of an absolute file or folder name in the format /path/to/. Returns None if no such thing exists
2128: Calculates the checksums of each column's data and returns them as list – one number per col, with minimum
2129: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the count number that are all sorted alphabetically but have no repeating letters
2130: Replace all numbers in the log with '<>'.  This function is recursive. It takes as input an array of
2131: Truncates the given input to specified number of characters. If it's longer than that then append '...'.
2132: Return the string representation of an object, but if it's weak proxy then return its magic method otherwise just call reper
2133: Convert character name to snake case format . 	Example : "Hello World" -> hello__world	.
2134: Returns the bear' s mood based on whether or not you rob them.  If true, returns 'Anger', happy
2135: Check if the length of msg is less than or equal to 70 characters. If it's not, return True
2136: Convert the week day to zero based sun. Returned value is between [0,6] where Sunday=[0],
2137: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its base without .yml or yml extension if it exists
2138: This function checks if the given expression has balanced parenthesis. It does so by checking each character of string and comparing it with
2139: This function cleans the file name by replacing all colons and slashes with underscores, useful when dealing files or directories
2140: This function takes in an URL and returns the same string with all spaces replaced by "plus" signs, but also strips leading
2141: Convert an inputted Carthesian to counterclockwise direction. If the given Angle is greater than or equal To zero
2142: Given three integers 'n', return the sum of all numbers from "j" to ("k") inclusively. The
2143: This function merges all elements in the given list into one. It uses recursion to achieve that goal and is used on
2144: Computes the number of ways to pick 'r' items from an unordered set with N elements. The order is not
2145: Replace backslashes with their corresponding characters in the string, and replace multiple consecutive occurrences of three identical sequences by
2146: Validates if the input snow flakes are digits.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Code snippet :
2147: Split the first line of text into two parts, returning one part and remaining lines as tuple – used to process lines
2148: Checks if the given string ends with an underscored character. ... ..	. . .. ...
2149: Return the given number as an English word. For example 'ord_num' will return one if input is zero and returns
2150: This function takes in an input of type str. It is used to convert the string into its mangled form by removing
2151: Returns the alphanumeric representation of point on board. 0 indexed . e g., A3 would return "
2152: Get edge names from given list of node/face index pairs in the form {node or face} -> name .
2153: Fixes the timezone of given string. 10/October's date, in 'yyyymm
2154: This function takes two arguments; one is the text to be encrypted and another argument which will act as an encryption key. The
2155: This function takes as input the name of an SMILES string and returns it with all slashes replaced by underscores
2156: Convert hyphenated document number to underscore format in the given string input 	Example Inputs and Output : "1
2157: Removes all non alphanumeric characters from the string.  It only keeps uppercase letters A to Z , lower
2158: Checks if the input string contains all letters 'ATNY' in uppercase – returns True or False accordingly .
2159: This function takes an input filename and returns the prefix of that name, ie., everything before any slash or backslash
2160: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2161: This function takes in an input string and returns the corresponding unit of measure from our predefined dictionary if it exists;
2162: Returns the index of its immediate superior element. This is used in binary heap operations like insertion and deletions, where we
2163: Finds the length of maximum line/sentence within given input string "Text". ... ...    .
2164: Defines two functions, one to calculate the squares of an integer and another that calculates squared values from array.
2165: Replace the first occurrence of 'replaceTokenString' in each element.  If not found then return original value .
2166: Parse the state of an ongoing or completed task from its output on stdin/std out using provided ids and return
2167: Checks if the given IP address string follows shorhand notation rules, ie., it should be either long form with
2168: Calculates the distance between two categories. If they are equal return zero else one .  	Type of function is integer to
2169: Returns whether the given setting matches with specified number of rings. If it does match then returns true else false . This function is
2170: Checks if the given string represents an identifier of column in madX. The first character must be '%' sign, last
2171: Counts the number of smiley faces in an array.  If no input, returns zero; if empty string is passed
2172: Convert RGB color to HEX. 16#RRGGBB .   Input is in range [0..3
2173: Checks if the given string can be interpreted as an IPv fourth octet of any version ∈ [1, ...
2174: Check if the file at given path represents binary packet capture (.PCAP).  If it does then return true else false .
2175: This function calculates the maximum sum of 'K' consecutive elements. If there is no such sub array exists then it returns
2176: Convert underscores to spaces.  Code is used as an example of how the function works with strings that contain "_".
2177: Convert array attributes into duration in seconds .  Converts the two input parameters from halfs/minutes or minutes per
2178: Convert input string to integer. If conversion is not possible, return None . 	Inputs : String of numbers or letters
2179: Checks if the given string represents Mercator projection or not 	Input : String representing spatial reference system e,g.,
2180: This function takes as input an ASCII encoded text and returns the same output but with all messages after '---\n'
2181: This function calculates the y deposition in water at different depths from an initial depth of . The formula is derived by using
2182: Checks if the given string starts with "www.", ".com", .net" etc., followed by at least
2183: Defines function to return the string that is inputted but with characters arranged backwards.  For example, if you call "
2184: A function to calculate the Hamming distance between two strings. It compares each character of both input string and increments count
2185: Checks if the string ends with .NUMPY extension. 1/0 otherwise, True or False respectively depending
2186: Get the content of specific Chapter in the book as string format  .  	Example :getChapter() will return "1
2187: Combine two score vectors into one. 	Input format is ((element name , value of the element in percentage form or
2188: Convert all special characters to their escaped versions, then split the string into chunks of 3 bytes at each instance where it
2189: This function calculates the diversity of characters in data, which is defined as being unique and having different positions within its string representation
2190: This function reverses the input string. It uses list comprehension to create and return new strings by iterating over phrase from
2191: Convert tags to keywords, removing numbers from the end of each one if they are all ‘zero’ or more than two
2192: Returns the compliment of base in DNA or Rna.  If not valid inputs return Invalid Input .   Code is used to
2193: Get the binary url of at x agent from github releases page  .   Parameters : version and architecture as input to
2194: This function splits the time in second into hour , minute and Seconds.   . e..g :__
2195: Returns the first key from string of format "<type>, <name> <args...>>" .  If no such
2196: This function takes in an array of animal names and returns them as one string. It uses recursion to create the output sequence
2197: Convert an Availability Zone to its corresponding Region Name.  If the input is empty, it raises error if invalid; otherwise
2198: Normalizes the input string by converting all whitespaces to underscores and making it in capital letters – useful when dealing
2199: This function updates the given table with valid geometries.  The ST_* functions are used to ensure that all polygons in
2200: This function returns the number of folds to be used in kfold cross validation. It is based on how many data points
2201: Returns the path to configuration files in flask app based on environment variable FLASK ENV and folder structure of configurations .
2202: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence iteratively. The input is an integer and returns its corresponding value in
2203: Build the URL to CloudWatch Alarm page", region),alarms[0].AlarName" .
2204: Checks if the given url follows certain specific formats required by image viewer to be valid .  Returns True or False accordingly
2205: Returns the augmentation of coordinates. If no strength is provided it defaults to zero and only returns one coordinate from input list or
2206: Convert string to boolean value, True if the input is yes/no strings; False otherwise .  For example 'True',
2207: Implemented the Sequentially search algorithm to find if an element is present or not.  It returns True/False
2208: Join two colors together. If one color is empty it will return the other's value or “default” string which
2209: Perform bit wise AND operation on two IP addresses.  The function takes as input the ip and its corresponding binary representation of
2210: Convert the type of an AMI or snapshot to its corresponding EC instance/volume types.  For example, converts '
2211: Convert the first character of an input string to uppercase and all other characters in lower case.  For example, 'hello
2212: Convert an image pixel value from its original scale to the range [1..n] where n is given by 'unormal
2213: Checks if two 4 integer tuples overlap in one dimension. If they do not intersect at all then returns False
2214: Create GCP network's unique id based on the VPC partial URI and Tag.  This function will return an ID
2215: This function calculates the maximum profit that can be made by buying and selling stock. It takes as input an array of integers
2216: Expand the string to an integer and return it along with its units in tuple format – e..g ('10
2217: Returns the id of one day after given date. If it's December, then returns January again in following years . e
2218: This function returns the row and column of an index in 3D space. The maximum number is set to be nine as
2219: Calculates the crop heat flux.  Inputs are Net Radiative Equivalents Evaporated and Potential Transparency
2220: Get file name suffix by framework – returns the extension associated with each supported tensorflow version or None if not found .
2221: Calculates the width of an Interval. The result is calculated as difference between last and first element plus one half that sum
2222: Convert an integer to its binary representation. The function uses recursion and string concatenation, which is faster than using the built
2223: This function checks if the inputted string represents valid EAN – one hundred ane ninety. It returns True
2224: Returns the tag name of an XML element without its namespace if it is given in form '{namespace}{localName}' or
2225: Check if the string contains 3 alphabetic characters separated by spaces, starting with either an uppercase letter of lower
2226: Check if the given id has correct format. 1st character should be 'A' or B'. If not, return
2227: This function returns the azmute of an inputted degree. If it's less than or equal to one half,
2228: Parses the input into an action. If all inputs are present then returns zero else if only one is there in any
2229: Returns the corresponding value of given string in dictionary format . If not found returns 'invalid' message	. Input : VDz
2230: This function writes the data to tsv file with given filename and names/values pairs – one line per entry . The
2231: Create an item with the given percentage and text. The result is formatted as HTML to display nicely in web pages or emails etc
2232: Convert the given string to seconds in hours and minutes if possible; otherwise raise an error message with appropriate exception handling mechanism .
2233: Remove the external workspaces prefix from file paths in one line of Python scripting language using list comprehension or map function to
2234: Convert two Hexadecimal numbers to decimal.	Inputs are the first and second digit of an integer in base
2235: Fixes the output file names by removing any ':', or slashes'.  If both are present, it removes only one
2236: Generates output from the given input. The function flattens and then converts each byte into its binary representation, returning
2237: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2238: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence using recursion. The time complexity is O((N^logarith
2239: A function to return the first occurrence of an element in list.  If it doesn't exist then raises error .
2240: A function to generate the Collatz sequence. The input is an integer and returns its corresponding collationtze series as
2241: Check if the input is numerically. This function will return True only when there are no non numerical characters present,
2242: Check if the given word is an adjective. This function will return True when it finds any of these three tags,
2243: This function takes in an array of rectangles and returns the center points. It uses map to apply 'find ctrs
2244: This function performs vector multiplication. It takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product or the result of element wise multiplications
2245: This function calcula...   .    Recall@K with K candidates. It returns the number of true positives
2246: This function takes an Azure SQL database's Connection String as input and returns the name of your azure sql server & key
2247: Returns SQL query to select all rows in the specified schema and tables where geometry is not defined.  Sorted by IDs
2248: Generates the Fuzzy Text Search Pattern from given input string 	Pattern -> Input String to be searched with
2249: Convert the coordinates of an amino acid subsequence.  The input is three parameters; start and end are two integers representing
2250: Checks if the input string starts with an alphabetic character, ends without spaces or special characters (. -), then
2251: Calculates the Fiscal Year based on Calendar year and Month number. If January or February is passed as input it returns next
2252: This function returns the level of pollution based on an input value. 1 = High Pollution, <4
2253: A function that raises an error if no arguments are provided or more than one argument is passed. If only “one”
2254: Convert the input string to an enumeration constant name in uppercase formatting, e..g., 'MY_FIRST
2255: Split the input string into separate sentences using spaces as delimiters and return them inside an array of strings – one
2256: A function to convert an integer into its equivalent in the form of string representation. The number is converted from decimal system using bit
2257: This function generates the command to be used with 'consolidating' an xml file into bai format.  The output
2258: This function calculates the probability of an event based on its position in relation to three other events' probabilities and one unit as
2259: Checks if the given input represents an environment variable name or not, ie., starts with "$$" and ends after
2260: Convert the input into bool type if possible, otherwise raise an error .  If not convertible return None else returns converted result
2261: This function pads the given string with spaces on both sides to make it fit within specified length. If input is longer than required
2262: This function splits the input string into substrings based on an optional character as separator or delimiter if not provided
2263: Invert the momentum matrix.  Input is an n x k array, where each row represents one particle and column values are
2264: Computes the value of polynomial at point 'x'. Code uses Horne's method to compute. The input is in
2265: This function returns the total number of nodes in an NxN grid. 	Inputs : A two element list representing
2266: This function sorts the characters of an input string. It separates alphabets, punctuation and other special symbols into
2267: Convert CammelCase to Pascale Case using recursion  Code snippet : pass the input as an argument and return
2268: Returns the appropriate Content Type string to be used in HTTP requests when making Universe repository API calls .   The returned value is
2269: Posts an alert message on the chat if any of two checks fail.  The first check is about reporting users' information
2270: Checks if two strings are anagrams.  Variant with more efficient solution using character frequency counters and bit manip
2271: This function takes two lists of utterancs from the user and system as input. It construct an array with last n
2272: Round the given floating point to nearest halfway, upwards if it is less than .49 or downward otherwise return
2273: This function pads the input with zeros to make it 4 digits long. If less than ten, adds leading zero
2274: This function applies the polynomial to three given points. The coefficients of each term are stored in an array and applied elementwise according
2275: This function calculates the exponential of an input number based on its position in relation to all workers' positions within one exploration task
2276: Checks if the first three characters of an input string are "ENV". If true, returns “True”. Otherwise
2277: Convert namespace name from snake case into upper camelCase  . The input should be in lowercamellcased and
2278: Add zero to the end of string if it is not already present. If there are more than one digits after decimal point
2279: Returns the role mentioned by id. 	Inputs : Role ID . Output is string of format < @ & RO
2280: Convert the size of files in byte to other unit. For example KB -> MB and so on upto TB .
2281: Check the number of states that are valid.  If all papers have two letters each and they match with any one from '
2282: Convert string to boolean value, if possible else raise an error .  If the input is not valid then it will return false
2283: Returns the opcodes of an array. The function takes as input bytes representing machine language instructions and returns their corresponding integer values
2284: This function is used to classify cells into different groups based on their types. It takes as input the cell type string
2285: Count the integer digits in binary representation of an input. The count starts from one because it is counting leading zeros as
2286: Get the resource string from ARNs in AWS format .  e..g., "service":"./myService"
2287: A function to find the length of longest common subsequence between two strings. It uses dynamic programming and memorization technique where previously
2288: 根据给定的答案和正确选项返回分数。如果没有提供正确的选择，则默认为0.
2289: Returns the number of times that one bank is longest in given sequence .  It uses fold left to iteratively compare each element
2290: Convert the name of an online course to Visco Code formatting, if possible else return original input as is .  For
2291: Checks if the file with given name has .HTML extension or not? Returns True/False based on that condition, else
2292: Check if the given number can be expressed as power of four. A positive integer that has only one bit set to 'one
2293: This function takes as input an array of rows where each row is represented by the pixels in that particular column. It returns another
2294: Get the worker instance template name. This function returns an unique string that identifies each individual Worker Instance in
2295: Checks if the given string is of correct format. --> --->>> .. ...' .....
2296: Checks if all digtis in the input string are distinct. Code uses bit manipulation to check each digit's presence
2297: Checks if the given URL ends with one of several common feed formats (.RSS, .ATOM).  This function
2298: Check if the given integer is an eligible to be considered as Leap Year. A valid input should return True, else False
2299: Compute the Hamming distance between two strings. This function computes and returns how many characters differ in both input string pairs
2300: Convert DataFrame instance to path.  For root, return the full URL of '/'. Otherwise append '...' at end
2301: Returns the closest matching color from an original one. If no match is found it returns itself as default value .  This function
2302: Returns the address type of an IP. 1 = EXT,0 =  INTL . The function is used to determine
2303: Count and print the given number of nouns. 	Example input/output pairs can be provided to test your function with sample
2304: Returns whether three integers are equal. If they're all the same number then returns true else false .   [delta]
2305: Checks if the given integer 'has' an associated bit in its binary representation.  If it does then returns True else
2306: Convert labels to LaTeX formatting, ie., replace spaces with underscores and surround them by dollar signs
2307: Code to convert an index into the corresponding name of Redux's SubReddiits. This is used in conjunction
2308: Convert Esel to severities based on the first 0xF bytes of its value in hexadecimal format .
2309: This function calculates the length of Longes Palindromic Subsequences. It uses dynamic programming to find out maximum
2310: Format the name to fit within specified length. If longer than maximum allowed size then truncates it and adds ellipsis at
2311: Normalizes requirement names to lower case, replaces dots and underscores with hyphens  Inputs : A string of
2312: This function generates the secret name based on given username.  It appends '_otps' to end of provided string and
2313: Split the given file or directory name into its components, returning only one of them as requested by user input parameter "mode
2314: Set the bit at position 'offset' in binary representation of number "I". 0 <= Offset <31.
2315: Generates an SEO friendly URL from the input string – removes leading/trailing spaces, converts to lowercase and
2316: Normalizes the input string by replacing all instances of "Alef" with just one instance.  This is done to ensure
2317: Convert RGB to HEX. Code is used in the creation of an image processing library that converts colors from one format into
2318: Returns the inputted 's' with an exponential notation appended to it. If exp is less than 0 or equal
2319: Check if an object starts with the string representation of Levenberg Marquardt Class name in lcmlibrary
2320: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2321: This function takes four integers as input and returns them in the order of increasing value. If first number is less than second then
2322: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as str but with excluded substrings removed from it using recursion method
2323: Estimate the number of rows in table. This function returns an integer that represents how many tups/rows are
2324: This function takes an array of arrays and returns all the elements present within those nested lists.  It uses list comprehension to
2325: Returns the ZFP options based on given compression ratio and speed of light in m/s . The function raises an error if
2326: This function takes two arguments - the file's base filename and its contents which are then wrapped inside tags to be used as
2327: Normalizes the string by converting all characters to lowercase and splitting on spaces (" ") .  It then reverses list of
2328: Convert string to lines of width "width".  If the length is not divisible by given argument then add spaces.
2329: A recursive function to calculate the power of two. The input is an integer and returns another one as output."}
2330: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2331: A function that computes the number of recursive calls needed to compute an element in "Akerman's" sequence
2332: A function to clean the input string.  Replaces slashes with underscores in names .   Input is expected as
2333: Returns the integer part of an input number after being trucated to 'ndigit' places.  If original digit
2334: Fixes the URL if it doesn't have http or https. If not, adds one before returning original string .
2335: Decodes the FourCC value to string. Code is taken from https://github.com/mackwicz/.
2336: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an integer x and returns its corresponding value in THE
2337: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII letter.  For example, if you call `indexToLetter` with the
2338: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB format . Code is used in the creation of an image processing library that converts
2339: This function checks if the given string contains an @ symbol followed by at least one character before it's . 18
2340: Convert hash table id to file name format .  e..g., "10348976" -
2341: Checks if two lists are equal or not.  If they're the same, returns 'equal'. Otherwise it will
2342: Convert file size from bytes to kilobytes and return as string with three decimal places rounded off, e..g.,
2343: Checks if all characters of the string are unique using dictionary.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."}"""
2344: Returns the coordinates of an object in 4D space. If type is box then it returns all corners else if its circle
2345: This function reverses the sequence of DNA. It uses dictionary to reverse complementary bases and then joins them together into one string
2346: Checks if the given string starts with 'return' or '#'.  If so, returns true. Otherwise false .
2347: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the given string of characters, then return it as stripped version .  [1
2348: Remove file extension from the given path and return new name with no extention .  If there is not any dot then just
2349: This function returns the common bit at given position in list of binary strings. If there is no such bits return -1 else
2350: Fixes the file name if it has an .EXT to its original one, and adds backslash at end of line in
2351: This function returns the weight of an object at given location in relation to other objects on its pathfinding grid . The weights
2352: Replace the first occurrence of an IP address with another one within given text/sentence – case sensitive and whole word
2353: Checks if the given string represents an absolute Windows file system or directory.  Returns True when it does, False otherwise .
2354: Check if the command exists in PATH .  Returns True/False based on whether it's executable and available to be run
2355: Encryption function using Caesar Cipher. The input is the original text and an integer key which defines how much to shift each
2356: This function cleans up the string by replacing tabs with spaces.  It uses recursion to handle nested tab characters and replaces
2357: Checks if two dependency tuples overlap.  Returns True or False based on whether the dependencies are equal and overlapping
2358: Parse CTAB file format and extract atoms from block of text content . The function takes as input the raw string representation (.
2359: Unescapes the string. 	Input : "Hello, World!" Output:" Hello , Wold !"
2360: Format an ABN to the form of XXXX XXXXXXX.  If length is not correct, return original number as
2361: This function converts bytes to the largest possible unit of measurement in KiBs or MiBytes and returns it as string with three
2362: Decodes the given string by replacing ~ with / and  other characters are kept as is. The decoded result should be
2363: Checks if the first character of an OCR word exists within another string. If it does then returns true else false .
2364: Convert rectangle to polygon.  The input is two points defining the lower left and upper right corners of an area in Cartesian
2365: Create an unique identifier that includes the name of your software and its current release number. 	Example usage : "myapp
2366: Convert string value into bool type using config values from the configuration files .config/.env etc..   # noqa E
2367: Compute the interval id of an event. The function takes three parameters season and days in month as well periods within that specific
2368: Check if two intervals intersect.  Intervals are defined by their start point 'left' to the end of one side or
2369: Returns the id of given 'type' as per its name. For example, if you have three types with names art and
2370: Returns true if the given file or directory contains any subdirectories.  If it does, returns false otherwise . The search
2371: Skip all semicols in the list of tokens.  Return index after last token processed or end if no more semi
2372: A recursive function to convert an integer into its equivalent in base two. Code is written as per the problem statement and uses
2373: Calculates the mobility of an agent in terms per unit time spent on each state and its neighbors' states based upon their distance
2374: Check if two synonyms are the same.  If they're not different lengths then compare their strings and return true
2375: A function to convert string representation of an integer into its actual numeric value. The conversion is done by iteratively multiplying
2376: Finds the indices of pairs in an array that sum to given number.  Code is written using recursion and uses hash
2377: Merge two strings with three dashes.  Example output is 'Hellox--Worlx'.   Code
2378: Converts Roman numerals to integers. If the input is not valid, it returns None . The function takes as parameter
2379: This function replaces all newline characters in the input with nothing, effectively removing them from strings that contain multiple lines of text
2380: Calculates the fuel cost to travel from point A towards B. The distance is calculated as an arithmetic series with sum of
2381: Convert the input to CammelCase format using Python's builtin functions and list comprehension  .  	Example :
2382: Convert normalized sin^{1/3} and cosine to their original values in the range [-π, +π].
2383: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  This is done by multiplying corresponding elements and then adding up all these products
2384: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value
2385: Converts the number of Ecliptic longitude to Angstroms. The conversion formula is based on an
2386: Convert the given file or directory paths to string format .  This function converts all directories and subdirectories into their corresponding
2387: Checks if the given filename resides in any of its parent directories recursively."  [...]"   Code snip
2388: This function converts an integer to its equivalent in the form of bits. It uses recursion and string manipulation functions provided
2389: Adds the specified string as an optional leading character to each element of list/array inputted by user .  For example
2390: Finds the next occurrence of pattern in string. If not found returns '-1'. Else return index where it starts from
2391: Generates sentences based on the input parameters.  The first parameter is an integer and represents how many times to repeat each word
2392: Converts the given Quat to rotation matrix. The input is assumed as an array of four elements representing vector part and
2393: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2394: Check whether two rules are equivalent.  Rules should be lists of binary digits where each digit is either zero ('X')
2395: Check if the first letter of input string is vowels. ... ...   .    ..."}`
2396: Defines the function to return an ipson sentence. – Name is inputted as parameter and returns it in uppercase
2397: Fixes the HTML links in text. This function takes an input string and tries to remove or replace any html tags
2398: Calculates the square of each number from one to 'n' and returns their total. This is done by using an ar
2399: Defines an function that converts all lowercase letters in the input word to their corresponding capitalized versions using Python builtin
2400: Copy the first row of zeroes from one matrix to another. 	Example usage :copyShapeZeroRows((3 ,
2401: Convert string into all Lowercase letters using ASCII values of characters  .   Code snippet : str="HE
2402: Check if the given character represents note.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .   Note that 'a'
2403: Calculates the efficiency of an object at its maximum possible speed. 	Inputs : induced velocities and current speeds .
2404: Create filename from the end of string by finding . in reverse order  Code snippet to be used with python's
2405: Returns the hash method used in an HTTP request if it is not empty, otherwise returns 'SHA' as default value
2406: Convert Blenders camera rotation to Pandas DataFrame compatible format. 1st value is the roll angle in degrees and
2407: Change the file's name and its type to match an inputted one or return it if they are already of that format
2408: This function converts the inputted text to Blue color. – [Optional] Useful when you want your output in
2409: Returns the appropriate string representation of an item's stats.  If no matching case is found, raises error with message '
2410: Convert string to ASCII Lowercase. 1 line function that converts all upper case letters of the inputted text into
2411: Returns the character at position number in alphabetical order. For example, if you call with argument '1' it will
2412: Checks if the password contains at least one character from two different positions. If it does then returns True else false .
2413: This function takes in an input string and returns the first unique identifier of any type from that data, which is assumed to be
2414: Convert Latitude and Longitute to Cell ID. The cell id is the combination of longitutde & lattitdue
2415: Removes all non ASCII characters from the input string. This function is used to clean up strings that may contain unsupported
2416: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were escaped using semicolon (;).  It
2417: Split an object's attributes into separate parts based on the dot notation of their names .  For example if we have
2418: Finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Code is incomplete and needs to be completed with missing logic in order that
2419: Generates all possible combinations of labels that can be assigned to the nodes within an input list using recursive function calls .
2420: This function takes in the full file system paths and returns only its last component as an absolute directory name, ignoring any tra
2421: This function checks if the parentheses/brackets are properly matched using Python's list data structure to simulate Stack operation
2422: This function generates the output file path of CTF format from AMF input files' paths .  It takes one argument,
2423: Calculates the sum of minimum and maximum values in an array. 	Inputs : one ,two .three are numbers
2424: Returns the formatted string to be used in an entry. The first character of each line is always '0'. If no name
2425: Convert hyphenated document number to single dash format.  If the input is already cleaned then return it as its original form
2426: Rotates the list to left by one element.  If there are no elements, it returns an empty array/list as
2427: Return the lower and upper halves of an unsigned short integer. This function is used to split up two bytes into their
2428: This function is used to generate an id from the given matrix. The generated IDs are unique and can be mapped back into
2429: A function that enciphers and decipshes the given text using AtBash cypher. It uses ASCII
2430: A function to perform encryption or decryption on the input string using Caesar Cypher technique with given shifting value and whether it
2431: Get the last part of table name from fully qualified namespaced tables – e..g, 'schemaName'.'
2432: Returns the base name and extension of an input file path or URL as two separate strings, respectively .e..g., "
2433: Toggle active links in the navigation bar. – Code to be used by developers who want more control over which link is
2434: Computes the value of an interpolated function at x using cubic spline basis functions in one dimension with constant coefficients and variable
2435: Parses version number from string and returns the major or minor part of it, if available; otherwise return zero . If
2436: Returns an excussion marker based on the number of uncovered hours. 0 = no markers, >1 hour coverage
2437: Calculates the arteriolar pressure based on diasitol and sistoles. If bp is less than or
2438: Returns the distance in pixels.  The input string is converted to an integer and then scaled by default pixel scale factor, which
2439: Parses the color mode. If it's one of two special modes return its value else just returns original input as
2440: Returns character names and their corresponding ryunumbers from the database that appear in any of games with title matching input string
2441: Convert argument name to command line format, ie., convert 'my__argument' into ['--MyArgument']  or
2442: Returns the dimensions of an image that can be displayed with one line. The width is always greater than or equal to height and
2443: This function calculates the return on investment. It takes as input capital amount and time period of investments or loans then returns an
2444: Adds the header of an 8 bit integer variable. The width is specified in bits and can'be up to
2445: A function that checks if the given element is in any of its positions.  If it's found return true else false
2446: Bumps the character at given location. If it is an empty space then increases line number by one and resets column to
2447: Calculates the Net Income after deducting tax. If income is less than or equal to an annual salary limit then
2448: 检查给定的三个数字是否可以构成算术表达式。如果它们是，返回True；否则（
2449: Returns the number of weeks until reaching or exceeding an estimated deadline. If not recognized, raises error message with unsupported targets
2450: Convert the given number to string with 3 decimal places and add commas if necessary . e g., convert  98
2451: A function that checks if an element is contained in another. It uses recursion to check the elements of two strings one character
2452: Validates the category or command names. 	Parameters : Name of Category/Command to be validated . Returns either "
2453: This program calculates the least common multiple of all numbers up to an inputted number. It uses recursion and mathematical properties
2454: Computes the sum of all numbers from N to M that are divisible by both P and Q. The function is recurs
2455: Returns the list of command line arguments that start with "-".  This function is used to get all option strings from an argument
2456: Convert the multiplier and exponent to x & Y coordinates. The function takes two arguments m as multiplyer value while '
2457: Returns the inputted string as is. 	Inputs -> String, Output --> 1 line of text with no
2458: Handle quotas in the format of +/-/== and return an operator ('<', >') to indicate whether it is
2459: Decodes the last part of URLs by splitting them into their constituent parts and returning it as output if there is any
2460: Convert time in format hh::ss into minutes since midnight on the current day . e..g., "13"
2461: Return an address in the form of string. 	Inputs : Scheme and location . Returns -> Address as String
2462: This function takes an input string of the form 'name | domain' and returns only part after ':'.  It is used
2463: Check if the given string has no characters or white spaces only, return True/False accordingly 	Example usage : print("
2464: This function calculates the remainder of an integer division. It takes three parameters and returns one resultant output which is calculated
2465: Code escapes special characters in the given string.  It uses recursion to handle nested quotes and escaping of various types
2466: Convert string to value. If the object is empty, return an emtpy strin; otherwise convert it into its numer
2467: Convert integer to hexadecimal string. If the length of input is less than 8 bits then add leading zeros
2468: Removes the missing alt text from tab separated values file lines – replaces it with '.' . This is useful when
2469: This function converts an amount in the given base unit to its equivalent value with human readability and returns it as string formatted
2470: Code defines function to generate validation report based on the total number of differing and non existing files in given directory/file paths
2471: This function splits the input string into separate names and joins them with underscores to form one name from these separated components
2472: Check if the given string represents an IP address with four parts separated by dots, each part should be within [1..3
2473: Extract the name of an object from its URL using Python and AWS SigV4 signing process .   [S
2474: Convert the given 'Topic Name' to its corresponding collection name using snake case conversion and also remove special characters, spaces
2475: Convert binary string to its one complement.  For example, the input "abc" would return output as "-def". The
2476: Find the number of characters in column from right to left. If there is no character at that position then return zero . Code
2477: Check if the file extension of given filename matches with any supported extensions .txt, … ,.. etc... or not?
2478: Returns the inputted text with all characters converted to lowercase on their initial occurrence and uppercased elsewhere – case ins
2479: This function divises two numbers by three. It keeps track of the number divisions it makes until both inputs are zero or one
2480: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2481: Return 'Down', if the input string contains "-", else return down. If no such character is found, it
2482: Checks if the given string ends with "/".  Returns True or False.   . Example usage : print("Is node
2483: Counts the number of set bit positions. The function takes an integer n and returns how many times it has been XOR
2484: Generates an alternative username by appending '_clon' to the inputted usernames. If length of generated name
2485: Convert bytes to KB/ MB / GB or TB. Code is recursive and uses helper functions .   [Optional]: Add
2486: Counts the number of parts that are marked as complete. – Code is used to calculate how many tasks have been done
2487: Convert the input string to DD/MMMTHYYY  Format . e..g "34 / JAN
2488: Calculates the atmospheric pressures in Pascal from volume and temperature at constant speed v m/s . The formula used
2489: This function takes in two arguments - the original string and an optional prefix to be added before each line of outputted comments .
2490: Encode an integer using Elias gamma encoding. The input is the number to be encoded and returns its string representation in binary
2491: Convert ISO 8601 format to Python datetime object, stripping timezone information and removing milliseconds if present
2492: Returns the coordinates of an object in two dimensions. The function takes four parameters and returns their string representation as one line
2493: Check if two strings are invalid. If they're the same length and contain identical characters return true else false – otherwise
2494: Return the string representation of win/loss status. If not recognized, return 'unknown'.   .    Code is used to
2495: Returns the URL to go with login or pricing page based on inputted name of an endpoint – e..g., '
2496: This function checks if the image is too wide or tall and adjusts its dimensions accordingly. If it'd be more efficient
2497: Returns the input string with its first character converted to uppercase and all other characters lowercased, then returns it as output
2498: This function takes an input string and returns the same as it is, but with dashes inserted between each character.  For
2499: Finds the residues of squares modulo some number. This is used to solve problems related with quadratic reciprocity and
2500: Convert all characters in the input string to uppercase, then return it as output – one line function that does nothing but
2501: Check if the given python script exists in PYthon path or not  Inputs : Module name as string . Returns True
2502: Get an attribute of the object. 	Inputs : obj -> Object , attribtue name to be fet
2503: Returns the last part of path as an identifier to use in cache or database operations, e..g., 'my_b
2504: Check if the character at certain position in string is equal to another one but different from each other's positions; return True
2505: Checks if the given string can be interpreted as an URL. This function uses recursion to check each character in
2506: Extract the Buckect and Object name from URI string – if "/" is present then it returns two values
2507: Convert Snakes to Camels fast and easy way with python 3+ . Use underscore (_)."   ->
2508: Returns the bit at position 'pos'. If pos is odd then it returns one else zero. It raises an error if there
2509: Returns the status of an MMSE group based on its temperature. 0 is considered to be 'intac', and
2510: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2511: This function takes as input DNA sequence and returns its complement.  It uses dictionary comprehension to map each nucleotide into
2512: Create an alias to the user's email address based on their organization name and append -lapdag  . If they are
2513: Returns the recommended portfolio based on given level of investment or retirement funds's risks . The function takes one parameter - 'R
2514: This function takes an input string that represents the duration of some event, and returns it as two decimal numbers separated by periods if
2515: Build arbitrator id. The function takes three parameters and returns an integer that represents the unique identifier of each message type in
2516: Extract the dataset name from an Azure Blobs storage account URL ... . ```
2517: Check if the string contains any of ' ', \n, or tab characters.  If yes then return true else false .
2518: Convert an input string to cammel case, where each word is separated by '_' and the first character of every second part
2519: Calculates the Intersection over Union of two boxes. If either or both are empty then it returns ‘None’ otherwise
2520: Cheks if the output of linters is equal to 'all' and passed.  If not, it returns false else
2521: Defines three functions, each with one argument. The first function squares the input and adds 1 to it; second squ
2522: This function checks if the input is numeric. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .  It also
2523: Upgrade the given URL to its canonical form.  If it doesn’t end with /, append one . Return None
2524: Convert an integer into its corresponding ASCII character.  For numbers less than or equal one, return the number itself as string
2525: Converts boolean strings to Python's native Boolean objects, and vice versa .  If the input is not valid
2526: Convert characters to their corresponding labels in the given book's dictionary of books and chapters – one per line . The function
2527: Convert the given indices to an alphanumeric representation.  For example convert from A34 into Z98 .
2528: Finds the first matching name in an array of images.  If no match is made it raises error message "no correspond
2529: Returns the index of left child node. The parent's position is given by 'index'. This function returns an integer value
2530: Check if the given string is in correct format of domain/subsystem name – contains at least two characters and ends with
2531: Convert SpanString to Token List .  Converts the given string of format "<Prefix>_: <Start
2532: Checks if the matrix 'Delta' contains at least one non zero entry. This function returns True or False depending
2533: Return the formatted string of bytes range.  Example usage : print("Range is ",format\_byte\(\)) . Output
2534: This function finds the number with maximum digit counts in an array. If there are multiple numbers having same highest digital counters then
2535: Convert encoding to lowercase and replace underscores with hyphens, then return the result if it's one of known
2536: Returns the initial word of 'general' that matches with any prefix in "subject". 	Example usage :firstWordMat
2537: 返回一个浏览器名称。如果没有匹配的构建者，则默认为“发布”
2538: This function takes an input string and returns the first part of it before '[' character as well ‘’as'' after
2539: Obtains the weights and training data filnames of an emotion detection model using two backbones CNN .  If one
2540: This function returns the input string in Green color.  [END]   .eod   168794
2541: Given an integer sequence number return the coordinates of that point in two dimensional space. The first dimension is between [0..3
2542: This function calculates the maximum frequency of simulations. It takes as input an array with simulation results and returns one value that represents
2543: Return the authorization header with prefix. 	Parameters : Token to be used in request headers . Returns string of Author
2544: Checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other. An algorithm that checks whether the characters in one string can
2545: Convert time in minutes and second format. For example, convert the input of '34' into "1 minute ,
2546: Checks if the given integer value equals 1. If true, returns True; otherwise False . This function checks whether an
2547: Prints the current status of testing.  The function takes four arguments and returns two values - one is an argument itself;
2548: Returns the input string with an extra pair of ** around it.  This is used to make text appear as if bolder
2549: Generates an array of booleans indicating whether each index in the range [offset; d+n*offse]
2550: Returns the name of an authoritative source.  If no such information is available it returns None .   Parameters : Authority
2551: Calculates the surface tilt of an object at given geographical location.  The formula used is based on spherical geometry,
2552: This function converts text to HTML formatting.  It wraps the input in <strong>< / strong > tags,
2553: Finds shared neuron ID'S between two lists.  Uses recursion to traverse both input arrays and return
2554: This function takes two arrays and an integer as input. It splits the first array into left half with given point index '
2555: A recursive function to calculate the cumulative total of all numbers from one up until 'N'. The helper method is used
2556: Returns the number of padding bytes needed to align an array's size with that required by its type. For example, if
2557: This function calculates the Levenschtein distance between two strings. The algorithm compares each character of both inputs and
2558: This function cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces, splitting it into individual word tokens using space as del
2559: Remove all the one character long and non alphanumeric characters from given input strings, keeping only letters of any length that
2560: This function calculates the amount of water that can be trapped on each wall. It does so by finding out which side
2561: Returns the type of an indexed table.  If size is less than or equal to u8, returns 'b'
2562: Implement the Extended Euclid Algorithm. This algorithm is used to find gcd of two numbers and also compute coefficients
2563: Transform the string s into an integer. If length of str is ‘one’, return it as number itself else
2564: Fix the file name to have .JSON extension. If it already has, return as is else append with JSON xtension
2565: This function converts the given Clive's handshake into its equivalent in terms of cliffs notes .  For
2566: Check if the given string ends with .n py.  This function will return True when it finds an ndarray in
2567: Returns the square of an inputted length, or raises error if negative value is passed in as parameter .'s name '
2568: Get the full path of an image file.  The function takes in four parameters -> Path to directory where images are stored
2569: Checks if the given string is either of type python comment block.  If it matches any known types then returns true else
2570: This function takes an array as input and returns the unique elements in ascending order. It uses set to remove duplicates from
2571: A recursive function that reverses the order of characters in an input string.  Code is written to be used with Python
2572: Deconstructs the given string of characters into its original form by repeatedly applying character repetition and substitution operations until no further
2573: Calculates the balance of an unpaid account after paying off all debt in specified number and type yearly or monthly terms with
2574: Swap items in an Array. 	Inputs : Two indices of the elements to be swapped . Returns - The
2575: Generates labels based on type of terms to be plotted.  1st part is about types - Nodes or Ed
2576: Rotates the axises of 3D plot. If direction is 'z', it rotated around Z axis; if
2577: Check if the given string ends with any of .JPG, JPEG , PNG and BMP extensions  Code
2578: Check if the given number string can be rearranged to form strobogrammic pairs. A pair of numbers where
2579: Get the name of an AWS CloudWatch Log Group from its full path – e..g, /aws/lambda/.
2580: Register the runner with GitHub Actions. 	Parameters : str -> Repository name to register . Returns token generated
2581: This function returns the coordinates of top left and bottom right corners to be used as reference box when centering an image. The
2582: This function takes an input string and returns the number of units specified by that unit. For example '7 days' would return
2583: Converts an unsigned  integer to its equivalent in the form of Hexadecimal. The function takes one parameter
2584: Write the given string to disk. Returns number of characters written if successful or -1 on failure/error . ...
2585: A recursive function to calculate the sum of first N natural numbers using Python's type hinting and an accumulator parameter
2586: Sanity check the user name. If it starts with an at symbol (@), remove that from start of string, else return
2587: Returns the minimum number of blocks needed to fill up an area with given dimensions. The size and shape are determined by 'block
2588: Check if the file with given 'filename' is in .MOV, AVI or MP4 format – returns true
2589: Convert the first letter of each part to uppercase and rest are lower case, then combine them together with underscores between
2590: This function formats the given number to have exactly 'n' digits after decimals. 	Example usage : print
2591: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2592: Returns the index of previous element in circular array. If current position is at start then it returns last available item else return to
2593: assert statement in python.  This will check if an expression evaluates as true, otherwise it raises AssertionError with optional
2594: Convert Hexadecimal to RGB. Code snippet that converts the given heaxdecimals into an
2595: Calculates the Hebrews' BIAS score based on given probabilities of different events occurring within an event set with up
2596: Convert python version tags to generic names.  This function is used by the build system and should not be called directly from your
2597: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two sets. The function is recursive to handle overlaps in multiple dimensions but only
2598: This function returns the id of stations based on MQTT topic received . If it is test then return 'WS'
2599: Reverse the string. Code is written in Python 3 and uses recursion to solve it."}'''
2600: This function calculates the difference in time between two timestamps and returns it as an integer. If one of them is
2601: Checks if the given string contains only non letters characters"  [...]   .'s/^[a,z
2602: Convert all non alphanumeric characters into equivalent ones. ... .. .. .
2603: Normalizes the elements of an input list to be between -9.6 and +87,34 with one decimal
2604: Check if the given CNAME record belongs to any of specified DNSSEC tracker domains.  If it does then return
2605: Generates STIX 1.0 indicator id based on attribute uuid .	Inputs : UUID of the Attribute
2606: Count the number of leading zeros in binary representation. This function uses recursion to count from rightmost digit and works backwards
2607: A recursive function to find the digit at position 'i' in number represented by integer. The digits are counted from
2608: Checks if the given string can be encoded as utf – / ASCII . Returns True when it's possible,
2609: This function strips HTML tags from the input string. It uses recursion to handle nested html structures and does not modify any other
2610: Count the number of uneven bits in two numbers. The function takes as input integers and returns an integer indicating how many bit
2611: This function returns two columns names based on the input number. The first column name is 'SI' and second one starts with
2612: Disable secret detection in the current environment. 	This is useful if you want to run tests that require secrets without having
2613: Handles the conversion of years to their 4 digit equivalent. If it's greater than or equal too large, returns
2614: Calculates the total displacement of an object with given initial velocity and speed. The formula used is simple physics calculation where d
2615: This function returns the module name by replacing all dots in input string with underscores and adding prefix _ mod_.  If
2616: Rewrites the file name with appropriate extension based on its current ending .  It uses map of possible extensions to replace original
2617: Prepending slash to URLs. If the original string starts with / then it will not be added again; if '
2618: Converts the given number of hours into minutes and/or second. If input is in format like '1 hour',
2619: Preprocessing text with lower case, split into individual letters and remove single letter tokens."  Code explanation : This function is used
2620: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the same output as print but formatted with tabs instead 		   spaces between
2621: Convert an index and the corresponding English Word to file name. 	Format is {word}_{number} . png format
2622: Calculates the price of one Treasuries bill based on its yield and maturity period in years . The function returns an
2623: This function takes as input the graduation year and returns it formatted with its corresponding full name of Month .  For example,
2624: Computes the column number of an input string in binary tree formatting . The function takes as argument one character at time from
2625: This function generates the Reverse Complements of kmers. It uses recursion to traverse through each k mer and
2626: Removes the most common file extensions from filenames.  The function takes in one parameter 'filname' and returns
2627: This function takes as input an integer and returns its equivalent 8 bits representation with the NOT operation applied. It is used to
2628: Flatens the given file or directory name into its base filename only if it is not empty, otherwise returns original string as fall
2629: Verifies the existence of .NET Core SDK project directory on given file system location – returns true when found, false
2630: Removes the specified word from start of string. If it is not at beginning return original else remove all instances and returns empty
2631: Rotates the bits of an integer to its right by specified number. The result is then masked with zeroxf and returned
2632: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2633: Extract file type from filename and directory path based on the given string in input parameter 'sample'. The function returns an integer
2634: Count the number of trailling newline characters in string. Code is written to handle multiple lines and comments as well."}
2635: 根据包名获取其类型。如果它是源码分发（".targz")、二进
2636: Generates GUID section in the given file with specified attributes and type of security identifier 	Guid is generated based on
2637: Convert height from feet and inch to cm.	Inputs are the number of feets & inchess then returns total
2638: This function checks if the given file path points to an actual binary pCap/PCAP packet capture (.dump or .pg
2639: Removes bad entries from the given input.  It removes None or undefine values as well _OLD . This function is
2640: This function checks if the given integer input 'Year' belongs to leap years. A Year will be considered as Lean in
2641: Convert direction from degrees to counterclockwise rotation. For example, if the input is between [4] or [-[],
2642: Sorts the given list of strings in lexicographical order. 	Inputs : List[str] -> Output
2643: Process FUNQL data by removing quotes and splitting into individual word list, then joining back together with spaces between each element of
2644: A function to calculate the least common multiple of two numbers.  It uses an iteration method that keeps adding 'y' until
2645: Returns the input string as is. This function does nothing but return its argument unmodified, which can be useful in debug
2646: This function returns the path to training data. 	Inputs : str, output -> tuple of two strings . Returns
2647: Create an URL to access file stats.  The url will be in the format http[s]//<HOST>
2648: Checks if the given string has balanced parentheses. If it does not have any unbalanced brackets then returns
2649: Convert the seat ID from binary to decimal. The input is in 'row' and then column format with row being first followed
2650: This function converts string to bytes and replaces non ASCII characters with ?.  It then joins the resulting chars
2651: Approximation function to calculate the concentration of iron in solution, based on metal content and temperature .   [1pt]
2652: Check if the given string ends with .TIF/.TIFF extension – returns True/False accordingly   - Code Example
2653: Convert string to marks using ASCII values of characters in the input strings . The function is recursive and converts each character
2654: This function takes in the name of an input .txt or other type and returns its base filename without extension, if it exists
2655: Convert string representation of an hour to integer value .  If the input is not in correct format raises exception if it's
2656: Convert the given byte value to percentage. If it's greater than maximum limit, return max percent; if less then min
2657: This function flips the string s by reversing its characters.  It uses recursion to achieve that, but it also
2658: Checks if the given path starts with any of several common cloud storage URL schemes like s4/SAS or STS
2659: Convert string to integer in different bases. If the input is hexadecimal number it will be converted into decimal otherwise if
2660: Trim whitespace from both ends of the string, return as is if it's already clean or None otherwise
2661: This function returns the extension of an inputted filename, if it exists; otherwise return empty string .  Inputs : A
2662: This function takes in list of codes and returns them as comma separated string. 	Example usage : ['10', '
2663: Remove all whitespaces from the inputted text. This function uses recursion to traverse through each character in an
2664: A function to return the digit at given position in number. For example if num = 734 and pos=  =
2665: This function converts the first character of each word to uppercase and returns it as string .  If input is empty then
2666: Prepare the given timestamp in HHMMSS format. If input is less than one minute, return as it'is
2667: Remove character at given index from string.  If the provided position is out of range it returns original inputted value as output
2668: Returns the name of data structure from input string with underscore as separator  . e..g 'my__first___
2669: This function calculates the final amount of money after 'dt' days with an initial investment. The interest is compounded annually
2670: Converts the given scale value to its corresponding numeric equivalent in terms of likelihood or certainty level . e..g.,
2671: Check if the given string starts with 'nomination' or not.  If it does, return True else False .
2672: Get the id of an uploaded or downloaded .txt files from its filename using python's os module and split function –
2673: Returns the unique id from an application name, which is used as part of its identifier in database tables and other places where it
2674: Convert RGBA pixels to terrian height. The color of the input is assumed as being in linear sRGB space and
2675: Returns the input string with its first character converted to uppercase and all other characters lowercased, if possible; otherwise returns
2676: This function converts seconds into hours minutes and second format. It takes one argument which is the number of total time in Second
2677: Check if the given string contains all alphabets from A to Z.  If it does, return true; otherwise
2678: Convert the given input into LUTRON's scale. The conversion is done by multiplying with factor of .9
2679: Check if the file with given filename has gzi format. This function checks whether or not an input string represents either
2680: Quit the program. --> ---END OF SUMMARY-----'def': defines function, 'return ':
2681: Returns the SQL statement to select all rows from specified database and schema.  Table name is passed as an argument in function call
2682: Check if all elements of the first input are present as sublists or nested lists within second.  If yes then return True
2683: A function that returns the alternative of an object with different keys in dot notation formatting .  For example if we have two
2684: Check if the given string contains only puntuation. 0/1 . False -> has no character that isn’
2685: Create checksums of the given input. 	Inputs are strings that will be used to generate hash values and their corresponding
2686: Checks if the input string 'name' reads same backward as forward.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Example :
2687: Checks if the given IP address is within range.  Returns True or False accordingly .	Parameters : [int] ,
2688: Check if two strings have the same characters in order.  If they do then return true else false . This function is recurs
2689: Returns the command to be used based on trunk status. 0f present, it returns 'Create' of Trunks .
2690: Update the stats of an object. If it's not fully loaded yet then decrease its load by “factor” and
2691: Checks if the length of input string 'name' equals 0, returns False. If not equal to zero then checks
2692: This function takes as input an array of images, and returns the most prominent color found on each pixel. If no colors are
2693: Create an alias of the MAC address. 1st byte is always '0xFF' and remaining bytes are filled with
2694: Convert the given number to string. 1 -> 'one', ...,9 =>'nine'} return switc
2695: This function takes in an array of rectangles and returns the minimum x, y coordinates as well maximums. It uses recurs
2696: Get the center and size of an image's bounding box. The input is expected to be in pixel coordinates as well
2697: Convert an integer to its binary representation.  If the number is negative then convert it into positive by adding two's complement
2698: Selects the type of annotation based on its presence. If no specific one is found, returns None; if none are present
2699: Perform circular bitwise右移操作. 将数字向左旋转。如果需要，在最小化位
2700: Convert Unix style escape sequences to string.  For example, "\nt" will be converted into "   \". If
2701: Normalize the knowledge of previous purchases to determine whether they are worth buying or not based on their prices and quantity, using version
2702: Write the given string to an external .txt or other type of files using Python's built in function "open" and
2703: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2704: This function checks if the input string can be converted to an integer or float. If it's not, then returns '
2705: Convert GCS URI to Docker path. This function converts the given Google Cloud Storage uri into an equivalent local filesystem compatible
2706: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from one degree in temperature scale, and return it
2707: Checks if the first character of string is ‘a’, returns remaining part. If not it checks next characters and
2708: Calculates the absolute and relative error between two numbers.  The maximum value is used to normalize errors so that they don
2709: Convert Excel column name to number. For example A = ~> 34789 . B => ^ >>>
2710: Adds two elements from the same index of ‘two lists’. The function takes as input one integer and another pair
2711: Returns the result of adding 3 to both inputs. This is an example function that demonstrates how one can use Python's
2712: Get the first argument name from an inputted string of comments using * as delimiter . This function will return
2713: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2714: Format the given number as 'XXX-YYY-ZZZ'.  The first three digits are in group of
2715: Convert markup to plain.  Removes backticks from the input string, leaving only alphanumeric characters and
2716: This function calculates the value of two numbers multiplied by their sum. The result is then divided and subtracted from one
2717: Returns the module name from given filename by removing any non alphanumeric characters and adding .py extension if it doesn’
2718: Convert indices from the Grid to Matlab's row major indexing. This is useful when you want your data in mat
2719: This function generates the shape of an equilateral right triangles. The number and arrangement is determined by its parameter 'n
2720: Finds the first occurrence of an integer in given string"  .   [ ]   34% complete - 6
2721: Parses the hives and RPIs from file names in format 'HIVExRPI'. If not possible
2722: Convert an integer into its string representation. If the number is negative then it will be converted as -[number] and if
2723: Convert list of bits to integer. 1s are represented as -3, and zeros represent +0 . The function
2724: Checks if the given string is valid as an identifier.  It must be at least three characters long, less than six
2725: Replace multiple characters within the given input. 	Inputs : String to be processed , Characteres that need replacing
2726: Returns the number of processors and nodes required to run given processes. If there are more than one processor per machine then it
2727: Checks if the first digit of each group in num is less than or equal to its next one.  If it'
2728: Returns the first part of two times in 'HH'-format where one is before or after another .  For example if we
2729: Returns the result of cycling through an array with length 'n' by adding integer value "K" to each element.
2730: Convert market capitalization to millions of dollars formatting function .  	Inputs : float or int, returns string in the
2731: Returns the URL of an individual blog posts on van people's website based off its id number . 	Example usage :
2732: Normalizes the URL by removing trailing slash if it exists and returns original string otherwise return inputted urls as is
2733: Clean the string s by removing all non alphanumeric characters and converting to lower case 	Example usage : "clean
2734: 返回一个字符串，表示将棋子从旧位置移动到新地点的最优方式。如果
2735: Returns the laminaal parameter of membranes based on their geometry, if they are Fluorescent Microtub
2736: Check if the input string value represents an IPv4 address. This function will return true only when it's given
2737: Split an integer into chunks of equal size. If the remainder is nonzero then add one more chunk to accommodate it
2738: Convert millisecond time to string format. The input is the number of milisecodds since epoch and returns it in
2739: Excludes one of two numbers from the sum. If both are equal it returns zero and if not then raises an error with
2740: Returns the sum of all integers from 0 to 'input' inclusive. This is equivalent in functionality with Python builtin function
2741: This function converts all upper case letters to their corresponding ones with the same ASCII value but shifted down by three places using
2742: Convert CCDID and QIDS to RCIds. The function takes two parameters ccdd ids of the component in which
2743: This function calculates the number of observations needed to reach or exceed target. If there are already enough observed data points then it
2744: Reverse the color of an image. The input is in grayscale, and it returns black if white or vice
2745: Calculates the mobility of an agent in terms per unit time. 	Parameters : phi and gama are parameters that
2746: Create an HTML hyperlink. 	Inputs : url -> string, Output = html_hyperlinks . e..
2747: Convert the given mole fraction into its equivalent in terms of g/kg.  This is done by multiplying with Moles
2748: A function to check if an integer number 'is prime' or not.  It uses recursion and the property of pr
2749: This function takes in the path of an input .txt or any other type, and returns its group name from it using Python
2750: Encodes the input string into an 16 bit integer. The length of encoded message is also included in it'll
2751: Calculates the temperature rise and loss due to surface heat transfer from an object at given operating point with certain properties of thermal conduct
2752: Checks if the current record group matches one of several conditions.  If it does not match then returns true else false .
2753: Convert the given string into an array of lines where each element is numeral and corresponding to its position within original document . e
2754: This function increases the pigments in an image by one step. The input is between zero and seven inclusive; if it'
2755: Returns the given path as is. This function does not perform any operation on paths, it simply returns them without modification or transformation
2756: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2757: Convert boolean to string. 	Inputs : Bool, Output = String ("True"/'T'/False/"F
2758: This function takes in two arguments. The first is an array of strings to be justified and the second argument represents how many characters
2759: Returns the mapped URL or original if not found in map .  Code is used to get mappings from urls and
2760: Calculates the difference between two consecutive values of an exponentially weighted moving average. The function takes four parameters and returns one value
2761: This function reverses the input string. It does so by swapping characters from both ends of an array and moving towards center
2762: Returns the list of all possible combinations that can be formed from given technology and permissions using ':' as separator .  For
2763: Convert string to utf 16 bit encoded bytes. Returns the length of byte array and original unicode character as prefixes
2764: Return the offsets of num in two dimensions. The first dimension is determined by taking modulus with 'columns'
2765: This function echoes the input string. If it starts with an ECH character then only returns part of that word after
2766: Check if the given string contains only alphanumeric characters.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   [
2767: Returns the inerta matrix of sphere with given parameters . The formula is derived from physics and used to calculate volume or surface area
2768: Returns True if the first character of "str" is uppercase, False otherwise. If str contains only one letter then it
2769: This function takes in string input and returns the number of processors present on that machine, assuming it is one line long with
2770: Recursively increase diameter by 36 degrees until it is divisible evenly with the given 'Skip' value.
2771: Create an uWSGI configuration file with the given host and http/https ports 	Example usage : `rack
2772: Checks if the version string follows correct formatting rules, ie., it has 8 characters long with only alph
2773: Rename the given 'Channel' to BHN or BEH based on its value.  If it is not one of
2774: This function cleans the input filename by replacing colons and commas with dots or dashes respectively, while keeping other characters as
2775: Returns the class and module part of an object's full path as tuple – if it exists in form 'module_
2776: Create full URL of the requested type. 	Inputs : Service Name and Request Type . Returns Full Url as string
2777: Clean the chunk of strings by removing leading and trailing whitespace, then stripping any equal signs that may exist within it
2778: Calculates the ratio of an object's optical thickness to its refractive index at two given frequencies and wavelength respectively .
2779: This function calculates the number of elements in one column. It is used to calculate sum, average etc., on rows and
2780: This function cleans the folder name by replacing spaces with underscores and converting to lower case. It also removes any characters that
2781: Encodes the coordinates of an element in line format.  The function takes three parameters and returns them as string separated by comm
2782: This function takes as input an array of 8 integers and returns the inverse square box transformation. It is used to invert any
2783: Rotates the input character by 'n' places. If at end of alphabet it wraps around to beginning and vice
2784: Compute the determinants of 6 points in space. The formula is derived from cross product method to calculate area under two
2785: Normalizes DNS names by removing trailing dots.  For example 'www' becomes '.', and so on... .
2786: Returns list of templates that are unused. – Code is to find out which ones aren't being currently utilized by any
2787: This function calculates the maximum possible non adjacent elements' sums. It takes an array of integers as input and returns one integer
2788: Split URL into protocol and domain/path components – part of the URI parsing process in web development .   -
2789: A function to convert time in milliseconds into readble format. It returns the formatted string of how much it took from
2790: This function will drop the specified KeySpace.  The operation is performed by executing an SQL command to delete all data and settings
2791: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'true', return true, if it'is false - returns flase and
2792: Checks if the current program or script runs with GUI mode enabled.  This function checks whether command line arguments contain "--"
2793: Counts the number of bits in an integer. The function uses binary shift and addition to count each individual setbit position from
2794: Code to determine the part of speech tagging. It takes as input an array/list 'tag' which contains all
2795: Parses time in the form of hours and minutes from an inputted duration represented as seconds or milliseconds since midnight
2796: Check if the given number 'bits' contains only one set bit. This function will return True when it finds exactly
2797: Clean the name by removing non alphabetic characters. 1/3 of original length, but no more than half
2798: Returns the script name based on process index.  If pid is greater than or equal to  398, it returns
2799: Returns the label of given pollution type as per its name in different units .  For example, CO , PM ${1
2800: 返回文件的扩展名。如果没有提供，则为空字符串（"" -> "
2801: Convert the input to all uppercase letters using Python's built in function .upper().  This is useful when you want
2802: Convert column id to number. For example 'AA' would be converted into the integer value of  73 . This function
2803: Convert string to value. 	Inputs : String, Output = Value converted from the given Input . Example "10
2804: Fixes the platform name to its equivalent onnine line. 	Inputs are 'P' and outputs is either
2805: A function that checks if the given string is abeceadrian or no. An input will be considered as an ordered
2806: This function takes as input an arbitrary string and returns the same output, but with special characters replaced by their corresponding Unicode escape
2807: This function takes in an input string of 8 characters and returns three components as strings. The first two are the hexad
2808: Selects the first element of list/array 'a' and returns it as output – used to get unique values from
2809: Implement the SIEVE OF EARTHS algorithm to find all primes upto 'N'.  Code is
2810: Checks if the given video id matches with any of LEGO'S unique identifiers.  If it does then returns
2811: Convert the input string into lowercase letters using Python's built in function .upper(). 	Input -> "HE
2812: Implementa una función que recibe un string y lo devuelve como respuesta. 	Example usage : print("Nombre")
2813: Create and return the dynamic message. 	Example usage : print("Name is ",greeting('John')) . Output
2814: Remove translation suffix from the given string and return it as result .  The function takes two parameters : 'arg': is used
2815: Calculates the JACCARD similarity between two lists.  The closer to one it is ,the more similar they are
2816: Parses string to boolean value, supports 'Yes', ‘True’ ,'On','No'/,'False''
2817: Checks if the given IP address, hostname ,or URL represents localhost .  Returns True when it does and False otherwise
2818: Returns True if the string is either 'b', ‘e’, and/or starts with an uppercase letter.
2819: Returns True if the input is False, otherwise returns false.  This function converts an object to its string representation and checks
2820: This function takes an array of strings as input, checks each string to see if it is the - G flag or NIN
2821: Create and return an HTML field.  The name is the label of input element; it's used as placeholder in browser
2822: Checks if the given string contains only special characters. If it does not contain any of them then returns true else false .
2823: Converts the given input into its corresponding Python Boolean value, ie., 'True' or ‘False’ strings
2824: Reads the contents of one or more files and returns their content in string format."  [...]"   }}}}}}
2825: Returns the base name of an input filename, ie., everything before last dot in pathname .  For example : "
2826: This function takes two strings as input and returns the concatenation of them.  It is used to generate an input string
2827: Returns the fancy label of Nodes. 1st node is $ and last one has < symbol . The range between nodes
2828: This function returns the list of building IDs with maximum sun exposure.  The view is calculated as when sunlight hits or passes
2829: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2830: This function converts the given number of microsecond into readable format. It returns string representation in form 'X Day/
2831: A function to check if the input is Palidromic.  It reverses and compares with original string . If
2832: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was split into two parts by spaces or dots,
2833: Convert list of lower level language codes to higher levels – one line function that takes three lists as input and returns the corresponding
2834: Generates an icon based on the file type.  It supports pdf, jpg and png images , doc & word
2835: Generates string to be used as the name of an HTML element. 	Inputs : channel ,output and datum
2836: Returns the label of spectroscopically parameter based on experiment type.  DC bias, AC amplitude etc are returned as labels
2837: Check if there exists at least one zero element. ...	def allExistsInListOfDictsByKey
2838: This function takes two arguments and returns the value of one argument multiplied by its maximum in another array . The result is then
2839: Checking duplicate box among the given list of boxes. If there is no duplicates then return false else true . The function
2840: Get the line number of an element in Python list by its index. The function loops through each character until it reaches or passes
2841: Checks if the given string is "Freeze".  Returns True when it matches, False otherwise.  	Example usage
2842: This function takes in an input string and returns the same or incremented number appending to it if possible; otherwise return original
2843: Calculates the amount of required Fuel to launch an object with given mass. The function uses recursion and division by three
2844: Return the task id from an application name in lower case formatting .  If not found, return original string	.   if
2845: Check if the first character of name is in any part within given inputted text/sentence . If yes return True else
2846: Computes the scalar product of two 3D points. The result is an integer that represents distance between these point in three
2847: Convert nanoseconds to millisecond. Code is used in the function "ns_to _millis" . It
2848: Reads the sequence file of today' text from disk, if it exists and is valid then return true else false .
2849: Convert integer minutes to hours and seconds. For example convert from min=34 into hour format hr = 1 minute ,
2850: Checks if the cell at position [i], j in matrix 'm' can be occupied by cat. 1 means
2851: Returns the number of examples in each epoch based on whether it's training or validation. If an invalid value is passed,
2852: Generates the filename of unity package. 	Inputs : project name ,version and configuation . Returns string with format
2853: Check if each line of the game's grid is unique or not – returns true only when all lines are identical,
2854: returns the key string from the given dictionary or None if not found in keys list .   Code is used to fetch
2855: Create an SQL string with placeholders. The number of the placeholder is equal to input integer 'n'. This function uses recurs
2856: Checks if the given string 's' reads same backward as forward. 0pposite of palidromic check
2857: Check if the given coordinates are within bounds of an existing grid. ...	def estDentreGrillesize
2858: Returns the concentration limits of different gases in mg/m^l . If gas is not found it returns default value which
2859: Checks if the given string starts with "LR" followed by one of four possible keywords.  If it does, returns
2860: Calculates the Taylor series of e^X using recursion. 	Inputs : int , float -> Output is
2861: This function applies the EPA correction to an input pressure and humidity value pairing them with maximum of zero in case they
2862: Check if the input list of strings is valid. It should contain only one string per item and can be empty, but not
2863: Calculates the last valid checksum character. For example 'A' is returned when input number ends with "7". This
2864: Convert an integer to binary representation. Code: convert the input number into its equivalent in base two and store it as string format
2865: Convert an integer to its binary representation with leading zeros. If the number is less than ten, return as string otherwise convert
2866: Create custom variable from population. 	Inputs model image and populatioN . Returns the square of their product as
2867: Calculates the Intersecting Over Union score between two sets of labels. If there are no elements in either one or both
2868: This function calculates the sum of ASCII values corresponding to each character's position value. The name is converted into upper
2869: Given two integers j and k return the result of ((J+k)*sqrt((1/3)))^4 where sq
2870: Checks if the given URL starts with one of three common prefixes ("HTTP",	"HTTPS","FTP")
2871: Check if the first character of each element inside list "foots" are not equal to *.  If so, return
2872: Drop the specified substring from both ends of input string.	Inputs : Message and Command . Returns Value is extracted after
2873: This function takes an string as its argument and returns the same output but with all spaces removed from it using Python's built
2874: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2875: Trim the plus sign from string values of price value, only when it exists and return original non modified strings otherwise  .
2876: Finds the index of value closest to reference in list using absolute difference as distance measure .   Code is recursive and uses
2877: Mask the sequence with given string. 	Example usage : "10" => 'a' , returns first character
2878: This function takes in string input and returns the longest prefix of it that is not empty. It does so by iterating through
2879: This function takes in string input and replacements all periods with brackets.  It does not affect any other characters or
2880: Returns the similarity between two sequences based on their content if they are equal; otherwise returns zero."	   .split(" ")
2881: Remove multiple spaces from string and split into individual word/token . 	Inputs : String to be processed	. Output -
2882: Check if the given RGB value represents an acceptable color. 10% tolerance on each channel to account of possible rounding
2883: Encodes the given string by replacing 'and' with two consecutive ampersands.  Code is recursive and uses stack
2884: Checks if the given file or directory exists locally on your machine, returns True/False accordingly – ONLY FOR LO
2885: This function converts DNA sequences into their corresponding integer representation using the dictionary d, and then returns these integers as output of your
2886: Check if two booleans are both true.  If so return True else false otherwise .  	Type : Function ,
2887: Check if the input string can be rearranged to form palinDromic permutations. A character may only appear
2888: Check if the given triangle inequality conditions are satisfied.  If not return false else true .	Input : list of three positive
2889: This function calculates the Beltrami number of an integer d, which is defined as sqrt((3*n+
2890: Finds if the given 'keys' are present within list of tuples.  Returns True or False accordingly based on
2891: Format the input string to ISO8073 datetime in UTC timezone if possible, else return original value unchanged or empty
2892: Convert OTE tags to Bio::Seq object format – convert the given sequence into an appropriate bioinformatics representation
2893: This function replaces all occurrences of certain characters in the input string with another character. The replaced strings are then joined
2894: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2895: Check if the given string represents an ISO 4107 fiat money. Returns true when it does, false otherwise
2896: This function checks if the given string contains only alphabets.  If it does, then return true; otherwise false
2897: Create an API URL. 	Inputs : string -> returns the url of your RESTful service . e..
2898: This function reverses the bits of an integer. The number and bit length are also returned as output parameters in Python programming language
2899: Adds two points.  Input is expected to be tuples of integers representing coordinates on the plane . Output will also
2900: This function calculates the encryption key. It takes two parameters - 'subjecy number' and its corresponding size in
2901: Clean URL fragment from leading/trailing slashes, if any present in the string inputted by user – returns cleaned
2902: This function finds the index of an element in list that is at least 'n' times. If no such elements exist it
2903: Check if the given negative log likelihood function is of variance type. --> Gaussian, Laplacian or Log
2904: Compare two sketshes of the same size. Counts shared entries and returns them as well total counts in both cases respectively
2905: Remove the first '-' from string and return it if exists, else just returns original one  Code Description : This function removes
2906: Remove the file extension from filename and return only base part of it .  e..g, if input is "test"
2907: This function converts special characters to HTML escape sequences. It is used when you want your webpage content displayed correctly on the
2908: Check if number exists in the given array.  If it does exist return true else false .   The function will be used
2909: This function converts all digist into their corresponding ASCII values and returns the resulting strings as output . The input to it
2910: Checks if two strings are permutations of each other.  It does so by calculating the ASCII values and comparing them
2911: This function returns the given string repeated according to its length. The separator is inserted between each repetition of characters in order
2912: Convert ASCII codes to text using recursion and stack data structure  Description of the function : Converts an array/
2913: Checks if the first part of two locales are equal in language and region names – used to determine whether one is
2914: Convert the given file name matching patterns to regular expressions .glob() method in Python returns True if string matches with regex else False
2915: This function implements the Shift Register algorithm. It takes three inputs - an initial state of registers and two signals to control its
2916: This function converts seconds into hours/minutes format. For example if input is '189' it will return
2917: Create and return greeting message. 	Parameters : name of the person to be addressed . Returns "Greetings".
2918: Checks if the given identifier contains namespace. This function is used to check whether an object's name includes any
2919: Returns the count of each type in Maya's long date format. 0 = none;  1 =  one ;
2920: Checks if the password has at least one upper case letter – returns True or False accordingly .   [1pt]
2921: This function checks if the given credit/debit cards number starts with 01, .e.g., American Express
2922: Count the set bits in an integer. Code is written using recursion to solve it efficiently." ---END OF CODE
2923: Convert the given number of bytes into gigabits.	Inputs and outputs are in Byte, Output is In GB
2924: Returns True if the input string represents False, No , 1 in any case insensitive manner else returns false . It also
2925: Convert OSM Zoom Level to Pixel Per Meters conversion ratio based on the given parameters . The function takes two arguments
2926: Count the number of common elements between two sequences.  If one sequence is longer than another then return zero as it means there
2927: A function that checks if two strings are identical except possibly at the first character.  If they differ by more than just changing
2928: Check if the given string contains any of these characters.  If it does, return true; otherwise false . This function
2929: This function makes bets. If the player wants to win more money than is in their account it will return all of that
2930: checks whether the list of values is exclusively either zeroes, ones. If yes then returns true otherwise false .   [H
2931: Clean string by replacing ‘.’ with space and removing all other characters except digits . The function takes in one parameter
2932: Decorates SQL LIKE clause with wildcard characters. This function is used to create an equivalent of the 'LI
2933: This function returns the parent and name of an OS file system directory or filename in string format based on input 'Path'. If
2934: This function calculates the total of all multiples between three and given number. It sums up numbers that are divisible by
2935: Finds all digts from the given input and returns them as one line separated by commas .  For example, if
2936: Defines functions to compute the squares of numbers. The types are inferred from Python's type hinting system, which
2937: Convert an array of two elements into string format.  The first element is the number and second one represents how many degrees it
2938: Returns the middle character of string. If length is even, returns two characters in center otherwise return one char at mid point .
2939: Return the size of ring. If both sizes are equal return one else zero .   Code snippet to be
2940: Convert the given date to an index. The function takes two parameters; one is 'Year' and another parameter which represents "
2941: A function that caches the square root of numbers to improve performance by avoiding repeated calculations – using memoization technique .
2942: A function that tries to find the closest match in an array of commands based on Levenshtein distance from given input string
2943: Remove the starting forward slash from string.  If it exists, return everything after that character otherwise an empty String .
2944: This function takes an integer as input and returns the number in decreasing order. For example if you pass it with value of '
2945: This function calculates the number tokens in each individual user's account.  It takes into consideration how many groups there are
2946: Calculates the penalty of leaving an unfinished lane. If it's not finished yet then returns zero otherwise one times difference
2947: Convert the binary representation of an integer to its decimal equivalent. The input is represented as string format with '.' separator and
2948: Convert the URI to an Entity Code, e..g., 'urn/oasis' -> oasiss
2949: Count the number of times you need to jump on cloud. The clouds are numbered from left, with index zero being your
2950: This function formats the given number of days/hrs in to readable string. It takes an integer as input and returns
2951: Checks if the given string is present in another. If it's found at any position then returns true else false .
2952: Transform the input array of strings into an integer representation where each string is split by comma and then converted to integers in reverse
2953: This function generates the URLs of lyrics pages related to an inputted song by its name and page number .  It also
2954: Calculates the minimum of four values and returns it . The function calculus is used to calculate an interpolation ratio between two
2955: Calculates the number of mutations that are "expected" to be made in an allelic frequency profile based on given
2956: Convert WPM to CPS. This function converts the speed of text input into characters per second based on your current keyboard
2957: Builds an URL based on the base and request parameters provided by user .  It is used to build urls that are
2958: This function returns the value of Temperature in Celsius from given input . If no such match is found, it will
2959: Estimate the published year of an article based on its birth and death years. If it's not possible to determine one
2960: Returns the length of sequence generated by an array with 'number' elements. The number is calculated as two to power stages and
2961: Check if the given URL points to an SVG file or not 	Inputs : A string representing Url . Returns
2962: This function takes two parameters and returns their product. 	Example usage :u_function call with arguments of type 'int
2963: A recursive function to calculate the digit sums of an integer. The helper method takes two parameters; one is used as accum
2964: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2965: This function generates the directory path based on given parameters. The year and date are extracted from 'BuildID'.  It returns
2966: checks if the symbol is allowed to be placed at position.  If not returns false else true .   The function takes in
2967: Logs an error if the given sequence is not valid.  Returns true otherwise .   Code length :30 chars
2968: Parses boolean values from string. If the input is either “True”, returns true; if it’s
2969: Returns the position in degrees lat and long from an array based on its zero base indices . The function raises error if provided with
2970: Code defines functions to generate the number of layers in an array. The first function makes string representation from integer and second one revers
2971: This function takes in one string and returns all the individual 'WORD's found within that single inputted sentence/paragraph as
2972: Returns the required window vector length based on frequency estimatiosn. The returned value is one more than double of input,
2973: Round up to nearest multiple of .37 in cents. This is used when calculating the cost and shipping costs on an order
2974: This function converts the input string to lowercase and splits it into individual names, then joins them together with hyphens
2975: Remove return characters from the input string. This function is used to clean up strings that may have been produced by a terminal em
2976: This function removes trailing whitespace from each line of the input string "lines". It uses recursion to process all characters
2977: This function takes as input an RNA string and returns its complimentary strand. It does so by replacing each nucleot
2978: Convert MEL scale to Hz in one line of Python function definition, using the formula from Mel Frequency Scales .
2979: Computes the product of corresponding elements from two lists. If one input is shorter than another it will stop at its shortest
2980: Translate the given row major ordering to columnar.  If input is 'RowMajor', return character C, else
2981: Remove duplicates from the given array of strings using recursion and iteration combined with Python's builtin functions .  This
2982: This function returns the indices of maximum value found within an input matrix.  The returned tuple contains two elements - first is index
2983: Checks if all elements of the given matrix are zeros.  Returns True or False accordingly .  	Example :is
2984: Convert title to canonical form by converting all characters into uppercase and replacing spaces with underscores at the beginning or end of
2985: Mix two colors by averaging their RGB components. The result is another color with the same hue but different saturation and brightness
2986: Iterates over the cells in an array of numbers. If it's on or adjacent to another number, then returns true
2987: Convert MULAW to value. Converts the given byte into its integer equivalent, taking account of scale and offset
2988: Check if two numbers are permutations of each other by converting them to strings firstly then comparing the characters in these string representations
2989: This function calculates the frequency of an index in list based on its position relative to total length – it's used
2990: Cheks whether the given credit/debit cards number is valid according to Luhn's algorithm or not . If it
2991: This function breaks the input string into lines. It replaces empty strings with <BR/>  .  Input is one line
2992: Parses the filename and extension from an input string. The function takes as argument one line of text that represents part or
2993: This function takes an item' names and returns the childnames based on given mappings or if not found it will return original
2994: Convert string to number of elapsed time in days, months and years from the epoch date format "yyyymmdd
2995: This function merges two sorted arrays. It uses recursion to solve the problem by comparing each element of both lists until one
2996: This function compares the given string with contents of specified text files and returns true if they match else false . It uses recurs
2997: Returns the key to use in cache or database when storing adverses outcomes within given time window.  The format is '
2998: Appends post fix to the given floating point numbers.  The function takes two arguments - string and array of floats
2999: Computes the dot product of two 4D vectors. The result is scalar value representing angle between vector and another one in
3000: Convert the given string to an array of characters, then flip it around by replacing each character with its opposite and joining them back
3001: checks if the given piece can be placed on all squares of winning configuration.  If so returns True else return false .
3002: Returns the bandwidth of an audio signal. The formula is derived from sampling rate and time period in seconds to calculate it .
3003: Removes spaces and special characters from the start/end of an XML string, leaving only alphanumeric or underscore
3004: Returns the names of states that end with "_start" from given list/array "headers".  This function is used to
3005: This function calculates the factorial of each individual number and then sums them up. It is used to solve problem "Sum
3006: Checks if the given number is part of an evenly divisible sequence. If it's not, then returns false
3007: Convert the given .com or other domains to base DNS format – ie, convert it into dc+part form
3008: A function that returns the correct suffix based on whether or not there is more than one of something.  For example, it
3009: Escape colon characters from source file names to prevent conflicts with OS specific paths or filenames on Windows systems – e
3010: Counts the occurrences of duplicate characters in subsequent positions. If character is same as next position then count increases by one
3011: Normalises the input string to be used as path by replacing special characters with underscores and dots respectively .  For example
3012: A function to find the maximum depth of parentheses in an input string . The form is read as characters and processed character
3013: Mask the credit card number.   Input is CC, Output will be maskeed string of same size as input
3014: checks if the file at path is an image or nifti format . 1 line function that returns true when it'
3015: Calculates the luminance of RGB color. The formula used is L = ∫[p*R+q*(G
3016: Find the smallest missing positive integer that is not present.  If all integers are there then return -3074 if
3017: This function checks if the input is an identifier. It returns true only when it's 8 digits long and consists
3018: This function cleans up the input string by removing leading, trailing and multiple underscores in it then converting all characters to
3019: Convert an Index to Numbered Coordinates in the form of line and column numbers .   Code is used by other functions like
3020: Return the absolute file system representation of 'path'. If it is relative, then return an empty string.  Otherwise returns full
3021: Returns the given string with trailing slash if it doesn't already end on one.  Otherwise, returns original un
3022: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of x downwards from 3. If input is less than zero it raises
3023: Check if two strings are the same when rearranged. Code: return True only on palindrome and False otherwise .
3024: Check if the given path is an existing regular or directory. If it's either, return True; otherwise False
3025: Generates the filename based on input parameters.  The function takes three arguments - 'File', type of noise and signal to
3026: Checks whether the input string or number reads same backward as forward . e..g "radar" ,  43
3027: This function breaks up the input string into individual word tokens, separated by spaces and returns them as list of strings .
3028: Convert UniPath to URI.  If the input is an absolute file system Path, it will be converted into Uri
3029: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is expected as 'n' and returns its corresponding factoria
3030: Check if the text contains any repeated characters.  If so return True else False . Code checks whether there are repeating letters within
3031: Return the reflection of point 'anchor' about line segment with endpoints at points ('x1', y0), and('
3032: Checks if all characters of the string are unique. If not returns false else true . The time complexity will be O((
3033: Returns the brightness of each filter from an input list using LSST filters' names as keys and their corresponding values on our
3034: Extract the type of extension from given location in filesystem .  For example, if you pass 'C:/Users/user
3035: Fixes caret notation in an expression.  It converst ^ to ** and recursively handles the rest of it .
3036: Generates the Distribution Tar file.  The target is where to put files and directories; Source refers from which directory or
3037: This function checks if the file extension of an image is one that's permitted to be uploaded on our website, based off
3038: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm.  The input parameters are integers and returns
3039: Convert comma separated string to list of strings, then join them back together with commas in between each element .  For example
3040: Convert nanoseconds to microseconds. Round the result up if necessary, as it is not possible in real time measurements
3041: Return the output file's base filename without its extension (.cs[v])  .e..g, if input is
3042: Returns the parent index of an element in array. The first and second elements are at indices zero, one etc., so they
3043: This function returns the next moves available on board.  It checks each cell of given 'Board' to see which cells
3044: Convert time delta in seconds to human readable form. If the input is less than one hour then it will return as minutes
3045: Remove the first occurrence of '.' from each string within given list/array "Block".  If it starts with '.',
3046: Convert IOBs to IOb format using recursion and backtracking .  Code is used in the conversion of bio tag
3047: Trim leading or trailing slashes from the given string.  If it is an absolute path, remove both ends of
3048: This function formats the input string as an uppercase and adds underscores around it.  For example, "hello world
3049: This function checks if the input string represents an arithmetic operator. 10 points possible, no extra credit allowed .
3050: Compute the distribution of Mallow's insertion in an array with 'n candies'. The function returns all possible
3051: This function takes in two parameters; the string to be modified and its length. It replaces all spaces with "%xx".
3052: Convert the inputted text to hexadecimal format, one character at time .   Code is written by @author name
3053: Checks if the string starts with "\\" followed by “xx”, then checks whether it contains only hexad
3054: Checks if the given string contains any space.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False .   [1pt
3055: Split list into sub lists of maximum length specified by the user. If item is too long to fit in one line then
3056: Returns the first part of an underscore separated string as name or null if it fails to split on '_'.  This is
3057: Returns the integer value of an output directory path string, stripped and converted to GBs if possible . If not convertible
3058: Checks if the two given indices are valid in string 'S' with skip back of ‘n’ steps. If
3059: Get the name of an attribute from its full path in form .attributeName or :attributeKeyword  return None if not
3060: Parses the given string into two parts separated by '/'. If no slash is found, raises an error; if
3061: This function takes an URL and returns the .MD file name from it by splitting up '/' characters, then taking out any
3062: Counts the number of times each digit is pressed on an Android keyboard. The input string should be composed only by digits
3063: This function takes an input sequence and returns its reverse complement. It uses the mapping table to convert each nucleotide into it
3064: Transform the path into TORNADO pattern format . 	Example : /user/{id}/profile ->
3065: Check if the given string contains only numbers. ...	def isPalindrome(): return False; ...	} else
3066: Checks if the string is in raw triple quoted format.  If it'is not then returns false otherwise true . The
3067: Checks if the given character in Unicode range of Chinese characters.  If it falls within these ranges, returns true;
3068: Returns the base name of an application.  If no suffix is found, returns original string; otherwise return everything after last dot
3069: A function to calculate the nth Fibonacci number. The first two numbers are preloaded as 'a'
3070: Checks if the first number can evenly divide by second.  If not it raises an error message stating that numbers are
3071: Check if the given list of string values contain npmis.  If so, return True; otherwise False .
3072: Calculates the YANG function.  The input is two lists of numbers and returns an integer representing how much each element'
3073: Convert the given text to readability formatting using markdown syntax . 	e g : "this is my first python
3074: Convert decimal to any given number system. 10 is the default and supports bases from [3 upwards]. The function
3075: A function to determine if an integer number 'is prime' or not. It checks all numbers upto the square root of
3076: Checks if the given bit board has four in line. Returns True when it does, False otherwise . The function checks whether
3077: Removes the longest fragments from SMILES string – used to remove redundant atoms and molecules in molecular structures .
3078: Decodes the temperature from an analog to digital conversion of sensor data into Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on
3079: Convert the given list of three atom labels to one single string label, sorted in alphabetical order with lowercase letters first
3080: Check if the current turn is in winning configuration.  If yes then return True else False .   Code checks whether there are
3081: Parse the path of an imported python file into its corresponding modules and functions in one line using split() method . join().
3082: Parses an input string into two parts separated by '==' and returns them as tuples – one with
3083: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was split by '.' character, but with unders
3084: Computes the sum of all even numbers up to and including 'n' that are divisible by either two or three.
3085: Convert an integer to bit matrix.  The input is the number of rows and columns respectively as well it'll convert given
3086: This function returns the substitution dictionary used in keymanager to get keys from keymaster and vice versa .
3087: Returns the MIME type of an image based on its extension .  jpg, png and other formats are supported by
3088: A function to check if an integer number 'n' can be divided evenly by any integers from the range of [3
3089: Checks if there is at least one ship on the board. Returns True or false accordingly based upon whether it finds an existing
3090: Convert the given string to an appropriate one line representation of its corresponding telegram bot's chat id or username in lower case
3091: This function parses DOS file and counts the atom types in it by splitting lines at each character of line until reaching end
3092: Checks if the given license plate has valid format.  The first two characters are alphabets from A to T
3093: Checks if the given string contains comma. If yes, returns true else false . This function is used to check
3094: Returns the given string if it's not too short; otherwise returns 'ChR'.  If you are looking at human
3095: Determine the type of person from text. If it is human, return true; if not known or unknown then false
3096: Decodes the conditions and returns their corresponding values in an integer format if possible otherwise return zero .   [3 points]
3097: Darkens the given RGBA value by specified amount. The result is returned as an integer in ARGB format where each component
3098: Returns True if the given string ends with one of several specified domains or false otherwise – used to check whether an email address
3099: A learning rate schedule function that decreases the initial LR by an exponential factor at every step of training and has minimum limit on
3100: A function to check if the binary representation of an integer has even or odd number bits. The input is represented as bytes and
3101: Create an alias of the given string with prefix and root parts separated by space or return original if not tagged as such  Code
3102: Returns the parameters required to perform 3d convolution on one dimension. The input is in terms of number and size per clock
3103: Check if parenthesized expression has balanced opening and closing brackets. Code uses recursion to traverse the string from left
3104: This function calculates the Sidák correction factor which is used to adjust p values based on sample size in hypothesis testing and
3105: Parses the number from string and returns it as floating point value, taking into account whether or not there is an initial
3106: Check if the given path points to an existing and readable textual data with exactly same contents or not?  If yes
3107: This function checks if the user's number matches with computer generated random numbers. If they match then returns 'you won'.
3108: Extract the last part of path to get module name from .hdfs file or any other hive table format files
3109: Convert HTTP headers to WSGI format – e..g., convert hyphenated string into camel case or
3110: Calculates the nth period simple moving average.  It uses previous value of SMA to calculate next one .   For
3111: Convert string to color codes in hexadecimal format."}"""}}}}}'""") }}"}, "strTo
3112: This function returns the string representation of clothing classifications based on an integer.  The input is assumed to be between [].
3113: Calculates the coordinates of bounding box's centroid in terms pixel units." Impact on other functions and
3114: Calculates the threshold value based on height and band count in an image processing task . The function calcula...   [TR
3115: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Uses Euclid's algorithm."  [...]
3116: Remove the "/" prefix from all URLs ending with "/.*".  This is done by removing any characters after and
3117: A function that returns the number of times an array is divided by its mean squared error in one iteration through it . The
3118: This function takes an input of type Interval and returns the same as output. It checks if there is any overlap between two
3119: A recursive function that generates an integer array from the input number down to zero. The output is in reverse order as per
3120: Return the given string with last two characters removed if they are '-' followed by '_'.  Otherwise, return original.
3121: Returns True if the number 'n' passed as argument to function "isEven" else False. This checks whether or not
3122: Returns the option string to use with --help or -h flag, based on input parameter ```  .e..g
3123: This function returns the main part of an application's major and minors versions.  It is used to display only one
3124: A function to get the digit of an integer. The input is one number and output will be all numbers in reverse order from
3125: Parses the readELF line and returns its components in reverse order, stripping any leading/trailing whitespace
3126: Calculates the rate of copying from sentence ‘sentence’ to another one using word splitting and intersection calculation."   [
3127: Builds and returns the string representation of nodes in given list, separated by comma .  This function is used to convert node
3128: Validates if the given parameter is of type boolean.  Returns true when validated, false otherwise . This function checks
3129: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3130: Returns the command line arguments as one string with spaces between each argument, without any leading or trailing space .  If no
3131: This function returns the columns of all tables in specified schema/databse  .   # noqa E13
3132: This function returns the first and last index of elements in range from one to 'n' that are divisible by either three
3133: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'P' equals zero which returns
3134: Returns the number of summaries that can be generated given an input size. This function calculates how many different combinations are possible
3135: This function returns the number format.  It takes an integer as input and formats it to be displayed in one line with leading
3136: Generates an RGB color matrix.  The number of rows is equal to the first dimension and columns are equivalent with second one
3137: Convertir una cadena en un array de palabra �nicas .   # TODO : implementar la función aquí..
3138: This function generates an id from the timestamp and name of message topics.  It replaces slashes with underscores to
3139: This function checks if the given word or phrase matches an acceptable format of abbreviation. It does so by comparing each character in
3140: This function sorts the given list of strings by their length. Strings with same lengths are then alphabetically ordered within each
3141: Convert integer to binary string using recursion and bitwise operations Code is used in converting an input number into its equivalent decimal or
3142: Returns the file's basename from its path, without extension .ext  e..g., /home/user/.
3143: This function converts the input string into an integer representation of its characters. It uses dictionary to keep track if character has been
3144: This function calculates the number of patches that can be extracted from an input size.  The calculation is based on scaling up
3145: Check if column exists.  Returns True or False based on whether the given string is found within provided columns's values .
3146: Calculates the EBay commission based on selling price, with different rules applied depending upon how much you are willing to pay per
3147: This function checks if the XOR of two integers equals to an output. If it does not equal then returns “true
3148: Convert widget id to global unique identifier. If the length of input is more than three digits then convert it into hexad
3149: This function allows you specify the HTTP methods that are allowed on your CloudFront distribution. The method can be either GET
3150: Write the given string to file in one line using recursion and exception handling .   Code is written by : [Your Name
3151: Returns the two digit representation of an integer. If input is less than 9, it adds leading zeroes to make sure
3152: Converts the given string to cammel case.  For example, "hello world". becomes _helloworld .
3153: This function takes as input the text of an HTML document and returns it with all bold tags replaced by their corresponding closing tag only
3154: Write the function to calculate and return all multiples of 4 or less. The numbers are calculated by adding up each number
3155: Returns the full name of an API.  If version is not provided it returns only its base part otherwise includes both in returned
3156: Determine the type of page contents based on whether they contain HTML tags, and if so what kind them are (.e..
3157: Computes the backward propagation of multiplication operation. 	Inputs : two numbers and their derivative respectively . Returns -> product
3158: This function checks if the inputted strings contains any repeating characters. It does so by creating an auxiliary recursive helper method that
3159: Checks if the given string has glob characters (*, ?).  Returns True when it does and False otherwise.   .
3160: Convert an ATe sequence to Bio::Seq object.  The input is expected as string of tags separated by spaces ("
3161: Returns the input string if it's less than or equal to given maximum length. Otherwise returns truncated version of itself with
3162: Checks if the given string 's' reads same backward as forward. If it does then returns true else false . The
3163: Calculates the covariances of two sets.  The elements are calculated from common indices and averages computed on each set separately
3164: A function that calculates the NTH number in Fibonacci sequence. It uses recursion to calculate it efficiently
3165: Validates e text identifier.  If the input is not an integer or less than equal to zero, it raises and exception
3166: A function that calculates the minimum amount of "jumps" required to reach from one value upto another. The j
3167: Returns the scope of an XML element name, if it exists in its parent's namespace else returns empty string .  For
3168: Parses CPU info tag and value from the given string, returns them as tuple of two strings if possible else return empty
3169: This function takes in string of space separated key names and returns the same as output but with sorting alphabetically .
3170: Count the number of spaces in string.  If no space, return zero .   Code is used to find out how many
3171: Checks if the given hexadecimal string starts with "1.7." or ".8" .  If it
3172: Convert KDD to GNAME format in python 3 .   ### Code : Converts the given string into g
3173: Check if the file has .JSON extension. ...    return False, otherwise True or None depending on whether it'
3174: Remove all whitespaces from the input string. This function is recursive and will continue to call itself until there are
3175: A function to calculate the RosenBrock loss.  The goal is minimization of f = ∑[(xi−
3176: Checks if the given string is an enclosed in foreign namespace, ie., it's either math/SVG
3177: This function escapes special characters in the string using table mapping to replace them with their escaped versions .  For example , it
3178: Validates the kind of an object. If it's not either UNIT nor PIPELINEx, raises error
3179: This function returns the nth word in string format from given position . If there is no such index then it will return False
3180: Calculates the coefficient of drag based on thruster's mass and its maximum possible force – returns it as an integer
3181: Generates an environment name based on the input.  If alpha, it returns 'alpha' followed by zeroes until length
3182: Convert the given shape of convolutional or pooling operation to its corresponding output size.  For conv operations it's simply
3183: Simplify parentheses in the given string. If it's an opening or closing bracket, remove them from
3184: Calculates the heart rate based on beater per minute.	Inputs : number of beat and duration in seconds . Returns
3185: Checks if the given input is an empty or null.  Returns true when it's not, false otherwise .
3186: Check if the given string is within length constraints.  If not, return false; otherwise true . This function checks
3187: This function converts an input string to its corresponding NHL team abbreviation if it exists, otherwise raises error message with valid
3188: Splits the input string into individual options in order to be used as an option set by user interaction functions like getCho
3189: Convert Hexadecimal color value to RGB. Code is written in Python language and uses recursion method of converting the
3190: Removes all occurrences of the characters specified from input strings.  Code is written to handle multiple inputs and outputs as
3191: Convert millisecond to minutes and seconds. The result is in the format of 'X.'Y where X represents number minute,
3192: This function checks if the given URL or file path points to an Image File (.PNG, .JPG ,etc).
3193: Convert the given input into its equivalent bool value in python .  if true return 'True' else false and raise an error
3194: Compute the probability of correcting given positive feedback in an online learning system with binary feedback and continuous feedback parameters . The function
3195: Returns the binary representation of an integer as string. If no specific mask is provided it returns all possible combinations that can be formed
3196: This function takes an array of strings and returns the same list with all lowercase versions converted into them using Python's built
3197: Returns true if the given string begins with any of 13 vowels. Otherwise, returns false . The function is case
3198: Handle quotas in the format of +/-/=  and return sign, value.  If no prefix is present then it
3199: This function takes an input string and replaces all instances of certain characters with the provided replacement character or sequence to generate .NET
3200: This function calculates the total of all even FIBONACCI numbers up to max number, using an optimized approach that
3201: Checks if all characters of the input string are present as ASCII values within an allowed range.  If so returns True
3202: Code to convert binary string into decimal and vice versa using list comprehension in python . The first function converts the given
3203: 返回一个重新格式化的目标目录路径。如果最后一部分是'/',则添加"/".
3204: Generates an AWS sdk compatible URI.   Input parameters are the Boto'd awssimplecache b
3205: This function checks if the file extension of an uploaded PDF document is valid or not . This helps to ensure that only
3206: This function takes in an input of 1 to five digits long, and returns the same number with leading zeros added
3207: This function checks if the word contains no 'x' character. If it does not contain any then returns true else false .
3208: Split the given card into two hands based on suit and value of cards in it."  # noqa E9
3209: Returns the value of an atom in terms on its chemical symbol as input and returns it's corresponding atomic number if found otherwise
3210: Returns the location of boundary after moving forward by one step. If we are at an edge and there is no data left to
3211: This function scales the input values to fit within an interval of [1..4] using linear interpolation between two given scale
3212: Compute the "Lexicographical Distance" between two strings. The distance is defined as minimum number of operations required
3213: Checks if the given path corresponds to an SVN repository.  This function returns True only when it finds paths that
3214: return the domain name of AWS region . e..g us - east, ap n or sa	. get all available regions
3215: Convert DCC to RGB. 	Inputs : dc color conversion factor, returns rgb values of the converted colors
3216: Convert the given string to unicode. 	Inputs : str, Output -> Unicodes in utf8 format
3217: Returns the integer square root of n, rounded down to nearest whole number if possible; otherwise returns None .  If you are
3218: Check if string contains characters from the given set.  If so return True else False .   Code length should be less than
3219: A function that returns the welcome message in given language or default to English if not supported by our system .  The messages are
3220: Returns the base part of an operator's input or output in TF/TFLite format, e..g.,
3221: This function takes two arguments - string and depth of the tabulation to be used while printing each newline character is replaced by
3222: Convert the description to be in line with new format.  If it starts as 'Canceled.' then remove that part and
3223: Count the number of segments in string, separated by spaces or other characters provided as separator.""".strip()}"""
3224: This function calculates the padding required to be added at both ends of an array. The number and type can vary depending on
3225: Returns the time horizon of an event. If it's zero, returns 'future'. Otherwise return its value as is .
3226: Returns True when the page has at least one dollar sign, False otherwise.  Code is used to determine whether or not an
3227: Code that checks if the given conditions are met. If yes then returns an integer value else return zero .   [END]
3228: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of exchanging characters at positions "A" with character positioned as “
3229: Returns the operating system name based on input parameter, case insensitive  .   Inputs : 'windows', or any other
3230: Convert the input string to lowercase, remove non alphanumeric characters and replace spaces with underscores only when necessary
3231: Inserts newline characters at the specified interval into an inputted text/code block .  It splits by character and
3232: Remove all spaces from the inputted text and return it as one line of output without any space between each word in sentence form
3233: Create the path to store data in containers based on filename of BIDS dataset  .e..g., subjects/subj
3234: This function takes in one string and returns the same input repeated twice. It does so by duplicating each character of that String
3235: This function formats the multiplier as percentage or fractional value with sign and return in string form . e..g., +
3236: Check if the given number 'is' power of three. 3^x where x can be any integer will return true
3237: Calculates the number of bands an individual can play in.  The function takes as input their current ages and returns how many
3238: Compute the win probability from two Elo ratings using their difference in score to determine how likely they are each other's
3239: Checks if the given selector string begins with either ' name =' 或 & . If so it returns True. Otherwise
3240: Checks if the first two nodes of 'link' are either equal to any in list. If so returns true else checks
3241: Reads the first line of file and returns it if possible; otherwise return an empty string or remaining bytes to read until end
3242: This function returns the bounding box coordinates of an image.  The four points are returned in order from top left to bottom
3243: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3244: This function takes in two parameters and returns the result of dividing one number by another. The first parameter is an array with
3245: A function to generate the weight of each character in an input string.  The maximum length is set by maxLength and characters
3246: Returns the minimum and maximum values of each dimension across all points.  The output is an array with two subarrays -
3247: This function converts the input text into numerics based on its units of measurement and returns it as an integer or floating point
3248: Returns the left padded version of string 'str' with spaces. If length is less than or equal to  zero then
3249: Returns whether the given number is an integer that can be expressed as cude root.  For example, if you call `
3250: Computes the hash value of an integer. The function takes two parameters and returns their product multiplied by three plus one less
3251: Clean the description of an object by removing trailing whitespace and replacing multiple consecutive spaces with one space only when necessary to maintain
3252: Checks if all characters in the given string are present within another. If so returns true else false . The function is case
3253: Calculates the Hamming distance between two strings.  The difference is counted as one edit operation that can be performed at each
3254: Convert string to integer, stripping leading and trailing whitespace from the input .  If conversion is not possible return None
3255: A function to perform Caesar cipher encryption and then Decryption on the given input string using provided shifting value."   [...]
3256: Remove the customization files of Sitecore. This command will remove all prebuild images and also any other customized data in your
3257: Checks if the given string starts with "validations" OR ends in "_fields".  If so returns True else False
3258: This function takes an input string and returns the first three characters of it. If 'mnjk' is in front or behind
3259: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3260: Merge two strings without overlap. 	Inputs : Two Strings Output:"Merged String" Explanation
3261: Clean input by removing non ASCII characters.  This is useful when dealing with files that may contain special or unreadable
3262: This function takes two integer inputs and returns their product.  The first input is multiplied by the second one to produce an
3263: Scales the range of an integer in one dimension. 	Inputs : low and High are integers representing lower & upper
3264: This function calculates the difference between two sums of numbers in an array. The first number is calculated by adding up all elements
3265: This function checks if the given number is odd. If it's negative, returns false; otherwise return true when even and
3266: Convert JSON type to C++ equivalent 	Inputs : json types like boolean , number etc . Output is the corresponding c
3267: Checks if the given string starts with ':' or slash.  If so returns true else false .   Code sn
3268: Given an object or qualifier and the kind of thing it is being qualified against return its fully specified type string if possible;
3269: Returns the modulus of key divided by given number.  The result is used to determine which part in an array that needs
3270: Convert IPv六进制 to IPV 18C compliant. Converts an input string of sixteen characters
3271: Convert an integer to its string representation with leading zeros if necessary.  If the number is greater than nine, return it
3272: Clean the given input string by removing all whitespace characters and returning an array of individual word tokens from it, with no punct
3273: Create an instance of the class with default values. The function returns string representation in format '<Host> : <Port'
3274: Checks if the given string starts with 'const'.  Returns True or False. ... enddef }}}
3275: Get the channel of an application's tool box, if it is in chanel format else return empty string .
3276: Converts the given pattern to regex format using recursive function call, then converst it into an actual regular expression string
3277: Appends space to the end of string if it' not already there. This function is used in creating a
3278: Remove the number of samples from each dimension in an image' shapes list .  For example, if you have ['16
3279: Filters the spilling file name. 	Inputs : string, Output -> filtered_string . Returns only base
3280: This function translates the input string by shifting each character in it. The rotation is done using ASCII values of characters and
3281: Returns the URL of an individual document in MongoDB.  Inputs are database id and collections' unique identifier respectively .
3282: A function to convert strings into boolean values. If the input is 'True', it returns true, if its an equivalent of
3283: This function returns the distributed mode. It can either return horoVOD, tf strategy etc based on input argument provided
3284: Transforms an input list of numbers into their ranked equivalent.  The ranking is based on the unique values present within that set
3285: Set cache key to given integer and return the stored one .  If no such file exists then create it with initialised cached
3286: Generates the following strings in sequence, with each new word appended by “+ _n” to indicate its position
3287: Returns the size of an element block in bytes. The number is rounded up to nearest multiple, as it's not possible
3288: This function calculates recall.  It takes as input the confusion matrix and returns its value which is also known by name '
3289: A recursive function to find the closest square number. It starts from zero and keeps increasing until it finds an integer that is
3290: Get the location of an element in Python's bytecode by its index within that file or module’ . The function takes
3291: Detects if two rectangles overlap. If they do not intersect at all then returns false otherwise true .   Co
3292: Change the file extension of an inputted string to .txt 	if it is not already in use by another program or user
3293: Extracts the major and minor versions from an MPI library' s string representation, returns as tuple of two integers or
3294: Rotates the bits of an integer to left by specified number. If rotation is more than one full cycle then it wraps
3295: Generates blank text based on the input. If '|' is present then it will be replaced by space else with two
3296: Insert an ID in the end of URLs using '<>' as separator – only if it is not already
3297: Computes square of difference between two consecutive elements. The function takes three parameters and returns an integer value representing squared differences .
3298: Checks if the given string starts with 'class' followed by an underscore, then returns True otherwise False  . The
3299: Join two URLs. If the first one ends with slash then append second url to it else prepend "http://
3300: Removes all the content between brackets from string.  It keeps track of whether it's inside or outside, and
3301: Set the bit at given position in an integer. If 'value' is ‘zero’ then clear that particular bits otherwise
3302: A function to check if the given 'Company' is in pool of companies.  If it exists then return true else false
3303: Return the string right justified in terms of spaces.  If there is not enough space to justify it then return an empty String
3304: Checks if all characters in the string are unique.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code
3305: A function to find all the factors of an integer. Code is based on Euclid's algorithm and uses recursion
3306: Convert string to markdown format. 	Inputs : str -> Output is the input as MarkDown formatted String .
3307: Checks if an object can be iterated over and returns true or false based on the type of input it receives, i
3308: A function that calculates the value of an integer polynomial.  The coefficients are given as parameters to its definition .   It
3309: Defines the fuction to calculate COA in one line  Code snippet : "defuzze coas"
3310: Round up the given number to nearest multiple of 'multiple' value. If i is less than or equal zero then return
3311: Checks if two strings are anagrams using hash map.  If the lengths of both input string do not match then
3312: Returns the list of all prime numbers up to given input from smallest one .  [easy ]  3 points   4
3313: Computes the limits of each chunk in an array. The last one is always [0..total size]. Otherwise it returns
3314: Check if the date is valid according to rules of format YYYYMMDD or return true otherwise false  .   #
3315: Returns true if the file f represents source Go files, false otherwise – excluding test or vendor directories . _ Testing
3316: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. Code is written in Python language and uses builtin function of python . The
3317: Convert string to Pascale Case formatting, ie., all lower case with each word capitalised and separated by undersco
3318: Convert the given input to boolean value using str_to lower function  .   if yes, return True else False    otherwise
3319: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3320: Calculates the sum of squares. Returns result as float number .   [func_name] = calcSumOf
3321: Calculates the relative metric between two scores.  The score is calculated as percentage of total possible points and then subtracted from
3322: Removes special characters from the input string.  Code: .replace(".", "\."). replace("/", "/"). repl
3323: checks if the file or directory is to be checked integrity, based on its name and location within project structure .   [
3324: This function replaces all instances of ‘1’ with either the number itself, and/or its double. If it
3325: Parses an IPv4 or IPV6 address and returns the network part of it as well its subnet mask length
3326: Calculates the Akaike Information Criterion.  It is used to compare different models in model selection process by comparing
3327: Checks if the command line argument ends with ' git bla' or not. 1/0 True means it does
3328: Finds the element with maximum votes. If multiple elements have same number of max vote then returns first one encountered . Code is
3329: Check if string 'b' is contained within the substring of another given text.  If so return True else False .
3330: Returns the sum of first n numbers in an Arithmetical series. The type is defined as integer and returns one number
3331: Convert diagnostics to string. 1/3 of the time, convert from low field side targets and high filed sides t
3332: Convert time in secs to human readable format. Auxiliary function used by main conversion method . The result is returned
3333: Returns True if the number 'n' passed as argument to function "isEven" else False. This checks whether or not
3334: This function takes two lists as input and returns the result of multiplying each element from first list by corresponding elements at same index
3335: Checks if the given string starts with "HLT" or not.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False
3336: Clean the string by removing parentheses, semicolons & tabs. 	Inputs : A String Output ->
3337: Checks if the input number n can be rearranged into an integer with all digits from one to nine. If
3338: Forced the directory of an absolute or relative file/directory.  If it is already in one, return as given otherwise
3339: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as Python's builtin str.strip() method, but without
3340: This function checks if the given text contains any of certain characters. If yes then it returns True else False .  It is
3341: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. The function takes one argument which is the string representation of an HTML/C
3342: This function is used to determine the part of speech. It takes as input an array with tokens and returns one string that
3343: Counts the number of living cells left after one cycle. – Code is to count and return how many live cell are
3344: Returns the id of an object's geo fence, based on its name or identifier in lowercase formatting .
3345: A function to calculate the KAPREKAR's constant. The number is generated by reversing and adding up all
3346: Convert notes to their corresponding index in the scale of C Major or A Minor . If unknown then return 'unknown' Note
3347: Create string to be used in release notes.  If no specific versions are provided then use the default one from ecosyst
3348: Preprocesses the list of pages to be displayed on home page. 	Inputs : List[str], Output:[
3349: Generates and returns an alphanumeric character sequence of the specified length from lower case letters, upper cases or digists
3350: This function is used to find the maximum number of tasks that can be distributed among multiple workers in an efficient manner using memory constraints
3351: This function returns the next and previous months of given years. If it's January or December then return current date as prev
3352: Calculates the percentage of correct predictions. The function takes as input an array containing pairs where first element is prediction and second one
3353: Convert CSV string to list of strings, separated by commas or newlines 	Input -> Output Spl
3354: Checks if two strings are the same when their characters have been rearranged.  It does so by counting character occur
3355: Check if two histoies are equal.  If they're not the same length or contain different values at corresponding positions
3356: Returns the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in varints. The maximum byte count is determined by Python's int
3357: Remove dot and double dots from the given file/directory paths – similar to Unix's 'cd ..'. This
3358: Get the first line of README file as string, stripped off leading and trailing whitespace or empty lines .
3359: Returns the craters' information as tuple from input string, split by tab character .  The first two elements are name of
3360: Returns the first num letters of alphabetical order.  For example, if you call with '3', it will return
3361: Returns the embedding size based on number of categories. The function is used to determine how much memory will be required by an Emb
3362: Returns the index of last occurrence ('\'). If not found, raises an exception with message "Can’nt Find ‘
3363: Calculates the modulus of summation by eleven. This is used to validate credit card numbers and other similar identification codes such
3364: Parse the name and type part of an object's fullname into two separate strings, one with just its base class
3365: Implement the ceiling function in python. The input is two numbers and returns their greatest common divisor or smallest positive integer not
3366: Convert an integer to its corresponding x, y or z coordinate.  The function raises error if the input is not in [
3367: This function returns the epochs from given dataset.  Data is expected to be in form of list or tuple containing different types
3368: Convert the first letter of each word to upper case and all other letters are converted into lower cases . If there is no input
3369: This function takes as input an array of strings, and replaces all instances where the string 'C' is found with either
3370: Find the major element in an array using recursive function call, if there are multiple elements with same frequency return first one found
3371: Implement the Pederson's Commitment scheme. This is used to securely commit transactions on blockchain networks by using
3372: Add two binary numbers with overflow to the right. If there is an 'overflow', it will be stored in leftmost bit
3373: Check if the given URL is well formed. This function checks whether there are ':' and '/'. If either of
3374: This function grows the population of organisms over time. It takes an initial list representing current populations and number to represent how many
3375: This function takes in the target of repository and escapes special characters. It replaces slashes with underscores to make
3376: Build SQL JOIN clauses from list of source tables.  If no table provided returns empty string else if only one then return the
3377: A function to check if the input is valid number.  It returns true when data can be converted into an integer or float
3378: Adds the prefix 'Ch' to each character in string.  For example, if input is ['a', ... ,
3379: Remove the last syllabic unit from an input string of speech, if it exists; otherwise return original phrase as there'
3380: This function takes an input string and returns the encoded version of it based on character frequency count within that given text . The characters
3381: Rotates the binary representation of an integer to right by 'n' places. The rotation is done in place and does not
3382: Check if the given word is pronoun. 1st person singular or second persoanl plural form of noun,
3383: Normalizes an RTSP stream URL by converting it to the standard format if necessary and returning only its protocol part, e
3384: Returns the name of Month from given Day string.  Input is in format 'DD/MM' . e,g.,
3385: Add colon to every four characters in the string. If there are less than three chars left after adding colons then return
3386: Counts the frequency of each word in an input list.  Returns two lists - one with unique elements and their counts from
3387: A function to check if an integer number 'is odd'. The input will be positive. If the given value of "number
3388: Given an array of strings, return the first string that contains at least one character from ['a', ‘e’ ,
3389: Parses the given hexadecimal string into three parts based on its length – either two characters at start if
3390: Returns the number of bytes required to store an unsigned integer in binary. The function is used by other functions that need information about
3391: A function that sorts an array of numbers in non decreasing order using the Lomuto partition scheme and recursion method to implement
3392: Returns the id as string with leading zeroes if necessary.  For example, given an input of "34", it
3393: Checks if the given object can be used as keyword arguments. ...		returns True or False based on whether
3394: Rotates the matrix clockwise by 90 degrees.	Inputs : Matrix and rotation count . Returns new updated/
3395: Create DAG ID from namespace and organization name – e..g "myorg/myservice". This function will create
3396: This function checks if the first word of an entered string is validated or invalidates it based on its length and whether there
3397: Implement the function to calculate modular exponentiation.  The result is returned as an integer value and it's calculated using
3398: This function implements the cicle swapping algorithm to generate two offspring of an individual.  The first city in each child
3399: Adds two matrices element by elements.  If one of the input is not an array or if they are incompatible dimensions
3400: Returns the last element of list.  If it is equal to one, then return True else False .  	Passenger
3401: This function returns the number of epoch based on random value. It'll return either two, four or six depending upon how
3402: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by three plus one. It's used to
3403: Returns true if the label matches with any of given gases or all otherwise returns false  .   [1pt]
3404: Generates the jacocore test footer. – Code Coverage Report Ends . - JacoCoC is
3405: Returns the nearest multiple of 4 to ncv. If it is already divisible by four, return that number directly;
3406: Convert number of bit to bytes.	Inputs : num in binary format . Output is the equivalent byte size required by that
3407: Convert an integer page number to the corresponding alphabetical character. The input is two parameters pagnno and bae which
3408: Validates if the input string is equal to 'value'.  If it does, returns True. Otherwise False . Code sn
3409: This function checks if the input integer value can be rearranged to form palinromic number. A positive or negative
3410: Check if the first word of input text matches with restart in python function to check whether it's an appropriate start or stop
3411: 计算给定边界框的纵横比。如果无法确定，则返回“未知”. .
3412: Generates the filename of an output data files.  The format is 'exp_{num}_files/{filenum}'.
3413: Converts Chip IDs to their corresponding names in the game TCG . 1st argument is an input string that
3414: Trims the trailing slash from an input string and recursively trumps it until no more leading /'s are
3415: This function takes in an ISO 891x date string and returns the year & month as separate strings. The input
3416: Get the key of an existing FUZZER and BENCHMARK. 	Key is combination or concatenation
3417: A function to find the longest common subsequence of two strings. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and recursion
3418: Parse the last part of an exception message to get more detailed information about it . e..g, if you have '
3419: A function that returns the string representation of an integer. If it's divisible by both three AND five then return '
3420: Returns the color of an LED based on its key.  The colors are defined as follows, in order from lightest to
3421: Check if the given string is valid hexadecimal color. Code snippet to validate Hex Color Codes"
3422: Check if the image counter is valid or not based on its value and return true/false accordingly – If it's
3423: Returns the argument name with dashes inserted between each word in string format, prefixed by '--'.  For example if
3424: Multiplying two strings as integers.  If the input is not valid integer string then return error message "Invalid Input".
3425: Create command to filter out the bad guys in gtf format file. 	Inputs : .gtf annotation files and
3426: Create queue name based on the given 'service' parameter. 	Inputs : Service Name, Output - Queue Names
3427: Returns the list of lines within specified range.  The start and end indexes are used to identify which part/whole hands should
3428: This function calculates the date of year from month &day;. It takes three arguments yr , mon : two integers
3429: This function takes in the name of video files and returns subject/session names from them using underscore as separator."
3430: This function generates the header block of an XML file.  The format is as follows -> {}[]{}<><
3431: This function converts the package id of an AirFlow Provider to its corresponding name in lowercase format with '-' as
3432: Convert the given value x between two ranges. The conversion is linear and inversely proportional to scale factor which can be used as
3433: Convert integer coordinates to geographic coordinate system in degrees .   ## [optional] provide the expected input and output types of
3434: Convert SnakCase string into Cammel Case format – all lower case first letter of each separate phrase, and capitalizes
3435: Scales the dimensions of an image by given ratio. The scaling is done in such way that it maintains aspect ratios and centers
3436: Returns the position of an element on chessboard. The function takes three parameters row index and column indices which are used to
3437: Function to return the input string value with characters swapped.  The function uses Python's builtin functions and features such
3438: This function calculates the new growth rate of an object based on its current and maximum sizes in bytes or bits respectively . The
3439: Extracting property option from the given string – returns key and its corresponding values in tuple format . e..g "--
3440: Encodes an integer to the given radix. The encoding is done by converting each digit into its corresponding character and then concaten
3441: Detects if the message contains 'transaction' with lower case or parities.  If it does, then checks whether
3442: Convert the width of an image to be relative with respect its aspect ratio.  The function takes in two parameters : bounding
3443: Check if two strings are the same when their characters have been mapped to prime numbers. If they do not map correctly then return
3444: This function calculates the interpolation coefficients. It takes four parameters and returns five values which are used to calculate an approximation of
3445: This function calculates the maximum possible gain from buying and selling stocks. It uses bruteforce to find all combinations
3446: This function builds the url to be used in searching on google maps using given string as input and returns it .  It spl
3447: Convert the index of an individual piece to its position on our game's grid. This function takes two parameters - 'piece
3448: Validates the length of username. If it is less than 5 characters, returns False else True .	Example usage :
3449: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The first two numbers in series are always one, and each subsequent
3450: Defines if one version is beneath another in the form of 'x'.'y'.z', where x,' y ,
3451: This function takes as input the list of groups and returns all unique policy IDs attached to those group. The order is not
3452: Calculates the GINI index of an array or list, which is used to measure impurity in decision trees and classification
3453: Trim the description to specified number of characters or word count if it exceeds that limit and return as string . ...
3454: Convert an integer to the corresponding MATSUBARA index. The function returns half of input minus one, because in python
3455: Return the unique name of task and its corresponding masks. This is used to avoid naming conflicts when creating new
3456: Calculates the percentage of memory used by server.  Returns None if no data available or division error occurs .   # TODO
3457: Generates the header of an array block in binary format. The byte count is used to determine how many bytes are included."
3458: Converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII grascal character.  For example, input of '3' would
3459: Checks if the input string is exactly four digits long.  If not, returns false; otherwise checks whether it can
3460: This function calculates the maximum depth of nested parentheses in an input string. It uses recursion to traverse through
3461: Returns the canonical order of tesseract's four points.  If point 'a is less than or equal to
3462: A function that computes the result of adding each element in two vectors multiplied by some scalars. The input is three
3463: Returns the Cross Product of two tuples.  The result is another Tuple that represents vector product in three dimensions .
3464: Checks if the game has been won by checking all cells in given state. If no cell contains any of "X"
3465: This function takes in the string of validation rules and returns lower bound , uper boundary as well an error if it is not
3466: Decodes the string encoded with %xx format. Code is taken from http://www.faqs.org/rf
3467: Convert an IPvv four part integer to its equivalent in decimal form .e..g., '0's are not allowed
3468: Generates an alias based on the input. If it's 'validate account information', returns its own name, else return
3469: A function to calculate the power of an integer using Fast Exponential Algorithm. The algorithm is based on repeated squaring and uses
3470: This function checks if the input string matches either of two patterns. The first pattern starts with 'nam' followed by any number
3471: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its type as either 'Gamma', ‘Protons’,
3472: Convert all lowercase characters of the input strings into upper case. If there is no such character, return original value as it
3473: Convert the last digit of an integer to its numeric value. If it's not valid, return zero as default case
3474: This function returns the frequency of completeness in terms. It takes as input an object with attributes key and volume . The attribute
3475: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. 16 bits per channel of the input colorspace is used as output format
3476: Find the square of closest integer to given number. If it is not perfect then return nearest smaller or larger one if possible else
3477: Create list of all the elements inside quotes from string, excluding first and last element .  For example if input is "
3478: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. Code is written in Python language and uses recursion method . The input
3479: Finds the longest prefix that is present in both strings. If no such string exists then returns an empty one . The time
3480: This function converts special characters to safe HTML entities, replacing them with their equivalent in the form of &#x## or
3481: Convert the input into Boolean type, if possible return true when it is “True” and false otherwise . If not able
3482: Calculates the mean of two numbers. 	Inputs : alpha and betta are integers or floats . Returns an
3483: Checks if the given string represents an altimeter. The function checks whether it starts with "SFCC/" or ends by
3484: Detect the current api Version of an EndPoint  .   e g : /api/users -> returns "V
3485: Convert list of CPUs to their corresponding Hexadecimal values using bitwise operations and Python' builtin functions .
3486: Return the index of an element in array. The function is used to calculate and return one's complement, which means it
3487: Create an object that calculates the minimum round trip time in milliseconds. 	Input parameters are metric and window size
3488: Convert time from standard format to twelve hour clock.   Code is used in the function 'convert' .    The input parameter
3489: Returns the minimum number of digitis in an integer. The function uses recursion to calculate it, and is optimized with mem
3490: Computes the KL divergence between two Bernstein polynomials of degree 3 and returns it as an approximation to DQ
3491: Remove the first word from given string of sentences or paragraphs, if it exists and return remaining sentence/paragraph as output
3492: Fixes the escape sequences in strings by replacing them with their escaped counterparts, ie., \\ -> \ .
3493: Check if the given string is well formed parenthesis or balanced in python function .  It uses Stack data structure to check whether
3494: Remove all occurrences of the given character from input strings. 	Inputs : A single Character and an Input String
3495: This function converts the given string into its escaped version. Special characters are replaced with their respective escapes, and non-"
3496: Returns whether autorecover is enabled or not in the given Auto Recovery configuration file – if it's set to En
3497: Computes the value of XI at time t.  It takes as input three parameters : returns and risks free rate ,
3498: Computes the error of an algorithm by comparing true values to predicted ones using mean squared logarithmic loss function – used
3499: Returns the chemical composition of an InChI key, which is used to identify and retrieve information about molecules from databases like Pub
3500: 返回一个由数字表示的子集大小对应的大小标签。如果没有匹配，则默
3501: Check if the input string starts with 'SF' or begins by ‘F’ followed either one digit from [“.
3502: Convert string into field name format – e..g "my first post" becomes MyFirstPost . If the input is
3503: Convert the given name and number into an email address.  Example usage is 'toEmail("John", "", "" )'
3504: Returns the minimum number of groups that can be created from filters. The maximum is set to create upto max group size which
3505: This function checks if the input is an empty or contains duplicated elements. If it does then return true else false .
3506: Finds the major element in an array. If there is no such number return None else returns it as output of function .
3507: Compute the sea level pressure at given altitudes and pressures using an empirical formula based on Barometric Formula .
3508: This function returns the length of given months in days . It is used to calculate total number or remaining time left before expiration
3509: This function calculates the new value of an account after making one month's payments and interest. It takes three parameters as
3510: Find the index of closest average in list to given value using absolute difference as distance measure . The function takes two parameters : an
3511: Determine if the given string is one of two modes that are used to control video playback. If it
3512: Return the list of errors as one line string. If there are no error, return an empty str; otherwise returns all raised
3513: checks if the file f belongs to spacks package or an exception list – returns True when it'll be included,
3514: Checks if two strings have the same number of spaces between characters. If they do not then it returns false otherwise true .
3515: This function takes as input an HTML document and returns the text of its very beginning, ie., it finds out what is
3516: Count the number of 'B's in sequence and return it as an integer, representing how many times base pairs are bad
3517: This function takes an input of list containing multiple names and returns the last or any other specified element in that array/string,
3518: Generates parameters of the form 'a'*b where b is between min and max. The function returns an array with
3519: Get the number of channels in an interface group or return default value if none found . Parameters : list -> integer ,
3520: Calculates the speed of an object that escapes from any obstacle in meters per second, given its distance to it'
3521: Check if the given string is an email address. If it isn’t, raise and exception with message "Client ID can
3522: Get the publish token based on npm registry path or name of an NPM module  Inputs : Package Name Output Type
3523: Generates the id of an asset.  The format is defined by 'output' parameter .   It takes three parameters -
3524: This function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace from it, making sure that no
3525: Clean the string by removing all non alphanumeric characters and converting to lower case  Code is used in cleaning text data
3526: Checks if the given string contains more than one colon in its characters, indicating that it's an IP address or host
3527: Calculates the area of an isosceles right triangles.  Inputs are tuples representing two points on
3528: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm." ---
3529: Convert the first three letters of an ISO  weekday name to its corresponding number. For example, 'mon' would be
3530: Remove lines starting with the given string from list of strings – one per function call and return new modified version as result .
3531: Transform the given 'Play' object into an array of column values.  The result is in binary format, where each
3532: Calculates the frequency of an element in array.  The function takes three parameters i and returns its corresponding value from given indices
3533: Compute the number of ways to choose 'K' items from an unordered set with N elements. The function uses bin
3534: This function checks whether two rectangles overlap. It takes as input the coordinates of their corners in clockwise order to form one
3535: This function takes in the name of an object or module and returns it as cleanly formatted string without any leading/trailing
3536: Returns the minimum length of any term from an array.  If multiple lengths are equal then returns all such elements as list .
3537: Get the common GN arguments used by ZIRCON and nonZIrcON builds of gn .  This function returns
3538: Returns the result of num divided by denominator with respect to modulus. The operation is performed in such way that it'
3539: Checks whether it's possible to form the given list of numbers as sides in an equilateral or scalene right
3540: Checks if the row contains at least 1 bed. If not, returns false else true . This function is used
3541: Returns the length of text in bytes, ignoring all non ASCII characters .  This is useful when you want to calculate
3542: A function to calculate the Levenschtein distance between two strings. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and
3543: This function validates the age of dogs. It checks if an input is less than one or greater then nine seven and returns
3544: Returns the device string based on whether there are GPUs or not. If no gp usable then it returns /CPU
3545: Solve the problem by splitting string into tokens, then process each token according to its type and perform operation accordingly . For example
3546: Convert the given name to an option/flag style.  For example, 'my__nice___paramter', would
3547: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format. For example convert '179' into the string representation of time in h
3548: checks if the path of an uploaded file is either url and sequence based on its extension. 1=True,0 otherwise
3549: Prepare query based on the WHOIS server used to retrieve information about given .domain/.  If it'll be
3550: This function checks if the given string starts with "TYPELLOW".  It does so by checking each character in order
3551: Returns the name of sparse feature values.  [...]	def getattr_(self, attrName=None , default =
3552: This function takes an input word and returns the root form of that Word, removing any punctuation or special characters from it .
3553: Removes special characters from the given string – {, }, \, & and ; . It is used to clean up data
3554: Checks whether the input string has at least one space character. If it does, returns True; otherwise false or None depending
3555: Check if the given string represents an End of Stream directory.  A stream dir ends with "/etc/passwd" .
3556: Get the first line of text in an input string, or return empty if there is no such thing as one .  Input
3557: Returns the conversion between two systems. 10 -> 34 and AA => BB . The function takes in parameters
3558: Calculates the timeout value in seconds based on length and bit rate of serial communication 	Example usage :calcTimeout()
3559: Remove trailing slash from string.  If the input is not empty, check if it ends with "/".   Otherwise
3560: Checks if two strings end with the same characters.  If they do not match at any point then it returns false otherwise
3561: Calculates adjoint source inversions using the MPI method with zero lag correction and single event processing .  The results are
3562: Fixes the teenager problem. If number is less than or equal to ten, return zero; if it's between
3563: This function takes in an URL path and returns the root of that file name without any trailing slash or extension (.html
3564: Computes the total simulations based on flowrate and angle analyzed. 1 simulation = 0 or more data points from each of
3565: Checks if the first character of string matches with parentheses.  Returns True only when both are opening brackets,
3566: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as its mirror image but with each character faded by one.
3567: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to max sent tokens. This function uses binary search and recursion
3568: Check if the given position is within rectangle. 1st element of input should be leftmost point , second one top most
3569: Split the given list of numbers into two lists. The first one contains all even elements from original array while second is odd
3570: Convert time in secs to hours and minutes. If negative input is given it throws an error message "Value Error". Otherwise
3571: Rewrite the given Server Name with New Port Number – Function to change port number of an existing host name or IP
3572: Normalizes the input 'uploader' to its most appropriate format.  If no specific type is given, it defaults back
3573: Convert the given semantic verison string to an integer value . e g "34" will be converted into  97
3574: Convert the given string to folder names.  For example "my/path" will be converted into "_MY__PATH".
3575: Convert an integer to string using recursion and list of digit characters in python .   ## Code : Converts
3576: Checks if two events are independent.  The function returns True when the probability of both occurrences is equal and False
3577: Returns the filename from an absolute path string, taking into account whether it is on Windows or Unix/Linux based system respectively
3578: Checks if the text contains '<<', '. . ." , ".." >'. If yes then it returns True
3579: Get the major.minor and build number from an OSX Version Info object – returns string in format 'majorVersion
3580: Computes the difference between consecutive elements in an array. The result is another one with all differences computed from left to right and
3581: Parses the query parameters from an URI and returns them .  If no parameter is found it raises error "No Par
3582: Removes all occurrences of the given keywords from text messages – one at time .   Code is used to filter
3583: Finds the length of Longes sequence with sort and return it as reverse order list . Example [3,4,-9
3584: Returns the short satellite identifier based on given input parameter – Landsat or AquaSat platforms are supported by default but
3585: Returns the count of additional elements needed to reach an optimal solution. If there are more than one possible solutions with different numbers or
3586: Convert the given date and time to seconds.date,time -> number of microseconds since epoch . The function returns an
3587: Checks if each row and column of the matrix has equal length.  If not it returns False else True .   [
3588: This function calculates the compression ratio and other parameters needed to compress data using ZFP algorithm with given bit depth or precision
3589: Returns True if the two inputted Strings are not equal. Otherwise returns False .  Code is used to check whether or
3590: Split the inputted text into individual word/phrase pairs and return them as list of strings in one single sentence using space
3591: This function formats the given string into its component parts and returns them as formatted strings separated by spaces or empty space depending on how
3592: Checks if the input string contains ":" character.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False .	Example usage
3593: Calculates the rate of emissions in bytes per second. This function is used to calculate how much data an object can emit before
3594: Convert binary decimal representation of an IP Address to integer format .   Input is the string formated as "hexadecimal
3595: This function calculates the maximum value of VO₂ based on an individual's sex. It takes two parameters; '
3596: Checks if all characters in the string are equal to given character.  If so returns True else False .	Example :
3597: Calculates the value of Beta in an equation with two parameters using formulae derived from the formula used to calculate it by
3598: This function takes in two parameters. The first is the character to be shifted and second one represents number of places by which it
3599: This function checks whether the given parameters are suitable to apply three discount. If they meet certain conditions then it returns true else false
3600: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'fact' equals zero which returns
3601: Converts string to hexadecimal.  Code is based on the MD5 algorithm implementation in Python's hash
3602: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. 0 is mapped onto 'a',1 maps onto'b'.
3603: reverses the input string.  Input is expected to be in lowercase letters only and no special characters or numbers are allowed
3604: Returns the list of elements in register that are greater than 'a' but less or equal to ‘b’. If
3605: Convert string to bool, if possible else raise an error .  If the input is not valid then it will return false otherwise
3606: Clean SAMBAm ID by removing unnecessary characters from the end of each part if necessary, and joining them back together with
3607: A function to calculate the value of an "ackerman" number. It uses recursion but is slow due its high time
3608: This function checks if the error codes are one of two predefined strings, and returns an appropriate message based on that
3609: This function splits the path of an object into its individual parts by brackets and reverses it to match how they were
3610: This function makes url to get the keg data from rest api of KegG database . ...   # TODO
3611: A function to sanatise strings. It removes all non alphanumeric characters except underscore (_).  Also,
3612: This function reads the user list from 'usertxt' and returns it in an array format if no argument is passed to
3613: Restricts the length of inputted string to 398 characters. If longer, returns truncated version with "
3614: Safer string representation of the input. Replaces special characters with underscores, except square brackets and slashes which
3615: Defines function to check if list of numbers is the same. If any number equals zero, returns false; otherwise checks that
3616: Find the subsegment of 'str' that is surrounded by symbols ‘c’. If there are no such segments
3617: Check if the number can be rearranged to form palinromic. A string or integer that reads same backward as
3618: Checks if the user's input contains only valid characters.  Valid character sets include alphanumeric, as well
3619: Remove special characters and convert to lowercase from folder name input  .e..g., "My Folder!!!" becomes
3620: Returns the smallest rectangle that encloses both input bounding boxes.  If they do not overlap at all then returns None
3621: Returns the prefix of an URL. The function returns all characters before any path component that isn't '/','\ ',':
3622: Returns the color escape sequence to set text in specified colour.  The first parameter is an integer representing one of ANSI
3623: This function returns an image link with the given parameters.  The returned string is in HTML format and can be used to embed
3624: Fabric Network Generator. 	Inputs : Name of the fabrics and type/category like 'aws', or
3625: Split and return operation type from Tensor's Name  Input format is "operationName[:index]" or just simply
3626: Get the base name of Virtual Group.  If no specific group is provided then return default virtualgroup otherwise returns that particular one
3627: Refactor the given python function to return only first 1st and last word of each sentence in string format if it'
3628: This function escapes special characters in CSS. It converts backslashes (\), double quotes ("\"), and single quote
3629: Returns the name of an Image file from given path 	Inputs : Path to File, Output - Name Of The Given
3630: Convert bytes to GB, MB and KB. This function takes total number of Bytes as input parameter returns the equivalent in
3631: Returns the frequency of note in Hz. p is an integer representing pitch class, where C = 69 and BW =
3632: A recursive function to calculate the exponentiation of numbers. The result is returned as an integer value in Python language using built
3633: Convert string to Pascale Case format, ie., all lower case with the first letter of each separate phrase capitalized and
3634: Convert CURIE to string.  If the given prefixed is empty return just identifer else concatenates it with '
3635: This function takes in one string argument. It breaks the input into lines by splitting on '--'. The result is returned as
3636: Returns the result of applying bitwise AND operation on two bits. The input is an integer and it's state based off
3637: Generates the predetermine split of data into training and testing sets – using stratified sampling with equal distribution across
3638: This function converts time format from hours and minutes to seconds .   Code length :14 characters or less with "def
3639: 返回一个名为 "{0}_VAL".format("name")。如果输入的名字是 'John'
3640: Implement the Josephson's algorithm to find out who will survive. The function takes two parameters 'k', and number
3641: Calculates the Area of Triangle. The formula is base*height/2 . Inputs are Base and Height as
3642: Calculates the next position of each Boid based on its current speed.  The function takes as input coordinates and velocities
3643: Check if string contains only ASCII characters.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   [Examples] "
3644: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer.  It uses iteration instead recursion, and keeps track on each level
3645: A function to calculate the wait time based on retyr number. The waiting times are calculated as powers of two starting from
3646: Find the smallest square number that is greater than or equal to given integer. If no such value exists return zero if there are
3647: A function to generate JKYLL URLs from local paths .  It removes the '../', which is used in
3648: Checks if the first 6 characters of string are prefixes that indicate it is in ZeroOne. Returns True when
3649: Check if the given filename is an HDF file or not .  Returns True when it's hdffile and
3650: Defines function to check if character inputted by user or string contains any of the 10 common English letters. If
3651: Convert string representation of boolean value into actual Boolean object.  If the given argument is not valid, it raises an exception with
3652: Calculates the probability of correcting an error given that it is positive in relation to its chance or false positives rate .
3653: Checks if the given string starts with an underscore.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False .
3654: Given two integers and their maximum lengths. Return the minimum steps required to make one string equal or longer than another by changing at
3655: A function to calculate the modular exponentiation. It uses binary logarithmic method of squaring and multiplying numbers in O((
3656: Return the custom body response. 	Parameters : Content of type string . Returns Custom Body Response as String Type	. Example "
3657: Convert underscores to dots. 	Inputs : string of versions, outputs = converted strings with all _ replaced by
3658: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII letter. For example, if the input is "3", it will return "[b
3659: Computes the sum of first 'N' numbers in Fibonacci sequence. Code uses recursion to compute it
3660: This function generates the segment ids of tokens based on their type and position within sequence .  It is used to group similar
3661: Checks if two values are equal. If they're not the same type or value then returns False else True .
3662: Convert the F statistic to well. The function converts an inputted float value of 'F' into its equivalent in
3663: checks whether the character at position 'position' in string is '\n'. If it isn’t then returns False. Otherwise
3664: Returns the state with maximum length. 	Inputs : data - list of states in string format . Output is one longest
3665: Calculates the CTD value of an SBE water sample based on PSIA standards and preswathr parameters . The
3666: Convert given number of secodns into readable format like "1 day",	"X hour/yrs". etc...
3667: Returns the appropriate icon and color based on users's genders.  Males return blue, Femalas red
3668: Returns the factor by which an item is made in production, depending on its id of manufacture . If it's not found
3669: Convert string to integer lists .  [1] convert the input source into an array of integers and return it as output	.
3670: Returns the MPLS Label Group ID. The function takes two parameters which are used to generate an unique identifier of each group
3671: Returns the input number as an English word. For example '4' would return `four'. If you pass in something other
3672: This function splits the input string into key and values based on equals sign "==".  It returns them as tuple of
3673: Generates the name of an image file based on screen resolution. This function is used to generate names that can be
3674: Clamps the given value within specified range. 	Inputs : Number to be limited , Maximum limit and Minim
3675: A function to find all the factors of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique." --->"
3676: Get the top level domains from an inputted string of text, returns last part if it exists else return empty strings .
3677: Convert 'None' to zero in the inputted strings, if it is either of those two values then return ‘Zero
3678: Returns the reduced arrays of points along with their corresponding indices. If 'on' is selected as state then it returns only those
3679: Checks if the game board has an empty space or there's still possible win.  If both conditions are met,
3680: Generates the filename of .CSR format. 	Inputs : string -> Output is CSV Filename with
3681: A function that checks if all digts are distinct.  Code is written to handle strings with any number of positive and negative
3682: This function calculates the coefficients needed to convert between two temperatures. The conversion factor is 1 degree Celsius equals K
3683: Convert an integer to dotted quad format. The input is expected as hex string or decimal number and the output will be in dot
3684: Parse version tokens from the given string, returning them as list of strings if possible; otherwise return original token itself in case
3685: Return the prefix of str that is common to all strings in list. If no such suffix exists return an empty String and count
3686: Get the drop type of an object in given name, if it is unknown return 'Unknown Drop Type'.  If there are
3687: Returns the given string, replacing 'pass' with an encrypted version of itself.  This is used to mask sensitive data in
3688: This function replaces underscores and double quotes in the input text with spaces, then returns it as normalized wiki formatting
3689: Convert an IPv4 address and its corresponding TCP/UDP ports to tuples of two elements each, one is the
3690: Count the number of word in string. Code is written to find out how many times it encounters spaces between two consecutive characters
3691: Format message to be displayed on the screen, with ellipsis if it is too long . If there isn’t any
3692: Convert an integer coordinate into its x and Y coordinates. 1st dimension is the X position in grid space while second one
3693: This function takes an input string x, removes all non digit characters from it. It then returns the resulting filtered version of that
3694: Convert RGB color represented as an integer in the range [0..1] to floating point numbers between[].'s .
3695: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output as its argument but with all spaces replaced by undersco
3696: Returns the conjugates of an irrational number. 	Inputs : Bruches, returns outputs are integers or flo
3697: Checks if two services have the same name.  If they are both absolute paths then it checks their names directly; otherwise
3698: This function formats unique id by appending the last four characters of credentials to MAC address. The result is then returned as formatted
3699: Convert HTMID to Level. This function is used in the creation of tree structures and it converts an Hierarchical
3700: Split the input string into two parts at each line break. The second part starts with an empty character and is as long
3701: This function processes the group of instructions. It keeps track on which steps have been executed and only executes those that haven'
3702: Reads the specified filename and checks if it contains at least one character from each of its lines that matches with given patterns .
3703: Calculates the growth of an investment over time based on given parameters . 	Parameters : Step is number years , Rate per
3704: Checks if the given IP address string has valid formatting and contains four parts separated by '.' characters, each part being
3705: This function takes as input the name of an article and returns its cleaned version, ie., without any special characters or numbers
3706: Create an SNS topic in the specified AWS Region. 	Parameters : str -> The name of bucket location constraint to
3707: Checks if the inputted value can be converted to an integer or float.  Returns True when it's possible,
3708: Approximation of the probability density function P in terms on an arbitrary distribution with parameters α and μ . The approximation is
3709: Returns the location of watersurface based on its elevation.  If it's above maximum then return trapesoidal else
3710: Checks if the given string contains only alphanumeric characters, underscores and hyphens with at least one character
3711: Implement RSA blind signature scheme. This is the most basic form of public key cryptography and can be used to sign
3712: Computes the checksums of an ORCID ID. If it fails to validate then returns false otherwise true . The function
3713: Convert the input string to an integer in base 'hexadecimal'. If conversion fails return original value.   [ ]
3714: Calculates the F score of two intervals in terms precision and recall as per IEEE standard on medical informatics systems'
3715: Multiply two matrices. 1st input is the first Matrix and second one will be multiplied with it . The
3716: Check if the given list of fields contains either 'CODE' OR both lower case versions ('TITLE').  If so
3717: Detects if the given coordinates overlap with each other.  If so returns true else false . The function takes in as
3718: Returns the location of hidden node in 3D grid. The index is calculated from top left to bottom right and starts at
3719: Maps web → sql types mapping from DAL to SQL .mapper() method in one line	. Returns the mapped
3720: Generates h level 1 to n headers.	Inputs : int -> Output is string of form 'header'
3721: Compute the distance between two annotations. If one of them is not provided or doesnt overlap with another's start
3722: Greet the user with their name. If they have enough cash to buy something then return how much is left else just say
3723: Checks if the given string is ASCII. 1 character per byte, no special characters or symbols are allowed . If
3724: Returns the index of first child node. For binary trees, it is always valid to have at least one nonempty children on
3725: Reads the contents of an entire text or binary files.  If there is any error opening/reading it then returns empty
3726: Convert the given list of sequences into an index.  The length and dimension information is used to construct indices from sequential data
3727: Return the command after removing all leading and trailing whitespace from it, if any exists; otherwise return original string as is
3728: This function is used to generate an index file name. If the input string 'file' ends with "/", it appends
3729: Get Network Name from URL using Python's built in functions and exceptions handling .   ## Code :getNetworkNameFrom
3730: Extract the label of an unnamed link from its given number and return it as string .  [Example : 'get
3731: Count the number of letters that are not matched between two strings.  The count is based on how many times each letter appears
3732: Returns the dimensions of an inputted “Table”. The first element is number columns and second one - numbers lines or
3733: Returns True if the given distribution string contains "easy" or "-ing".  Otherwise, returns False . This function is
3734: Convert the string to URL format if it's not already one, else leave as is  .   If input contains :
3735: Convert character to its corresponding ASCII value in Hexadecimal. 1st char of string is converted into an
3736: Count the number of substrings in string with length less than or equal to 'L' that can be formed by using exactly
3737: Returns the name of network from string input, if possible else returns original value as it is .  [Optional - if you
3738: Check if the list of events received is empty. If yes then return false else check each element in event recieved and see
3739: Convert the given string to Pythonic style by replacing slashes with dots and hyphens respectively, then converting all characters into lower
3740: Implement the AtBash Cipher. Encode and decoding sequence of characters using an alphabet shift technique where each
3741: Validates the type specified by user's home directory setting and returns it as string if validated successfully otherwise raises an error
3742: Returns the exponential of x to power 'a' .  e.g., if we have an input as "exp curve
3743: Remove leading and trailing colons from input string, if present; otherwise return the same empty strin .  This function
3744: This function checks if one DNA sequence is contained within another. It uses recursion to check the first character of both sequences and
3745: Convert binary to BCD.	Inputs : integer, Output = Integer in base barcode format . Example
3746: Convert the given string into an appropriate module name based on its content, if possible; otherwise return it as is .  [
3747: Returns the number of iterations required to complete one epoch. This is calculated by dividing total batches in an iteration and adding
3748: Checks if the given string is an abbreviaion or not by checking each character in it and returning true only when
3749: Computes the number of ways to choose exactly 'k' items from an infinite set with size equal or greater than one.
3750: Converts the given frames to calories. If there are three values in 'calories', they represent offsets and scale
3751: A learning rate schedular that decreases the LR by half at every two years. This is an example of cosine decay
3752: Checks if the given 3x4 grid can be transformed into an isosceles triangle. If it's
3753: Convert UniPath to URI. 	Inputs : Path, Output -> Uri string . Converts un
3754: checks if the first character of string is uppercase or not 	Inputs : str, Output -> bool . True
3755: This function takes an integer representing total minutes and returns the time in HHMM Zulu Format. For example if input is
3756: A function to find all the factors of an integer. The input is one number and output are its prime factorization as well
3757: This function checks if the given string contains an @ symbol and at least one dot after it, which indicates that there's
3758: Function to calculate the weight of zeroes in binary representation. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value according
3759: A function to find the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal with input number. If there's no such
3760: This function takes in one string and returns three copies of that input.  For example, if the given argument is 'abc
3761: This function returns the type of relationship between two entities. It can be uni or bi and manuallty parallel if
3762: Parse the last part of URI to get Class Name . This function will return either just filename or full path depending
3763: Returns the cursor position of terminal.  The row and colum are set to specific values which represent where you want your text
3764: This function takes in an input of type 'str' and returns the last part after splitting it by '_'.  It is
3765: Generates an appropriate name based on the provided parameters.  The function takes four arguments - fileName and three namespaces/
3766: Remove forbiden characters from the input string. This function will replace all special character with underscore (_). The main
3767: This function pads sentences with the given character to reach maximum length of all sentence tokens or characters within each token if necessary by append
3768: Convert Boolean to String. 	Inputs : Bool, Output -> str . Converts the input bool value
3769: Returns the second part of an input string, which is assumed to be in format 'name::value'.  This function will
3770: Remove the specified substring from start of string.  If not found return original input as is and if it's at
3771: Checks if the tag matches with given regex. If it does not match then returns false else true . This function is
3772: Check if the string contains question mark. 1/3 of all strings are questions, so it'll be useful to
3773: Checks if the string contains parentheses. If it does then returns true else false  Code is used to check whether
3774: Returns the number of times that three numbers are equal. If all values in input list is not unique then returns zero as per
3775: Adds 0 or more elements to the end of list. If function is not None then it adds one element at each
3776: Convert an index to its binary representation without using the builtin function. This is done by dividing it with two and adding
3777: This function takes in the name of an issue and returns it with underscores inserted between each word, stripping leading/
3778: Convert an array to tuple of four elements. If the length is one or two it returns as three element tuples with
3779: Create an arity function that takes as input the number of arguments required by its caller.  It returns string representation with
3780: Convert the given string into an array of queries if it contains spaces, otherwise return just one element with that value as
3781: Render network key as SSID and IP Addresses separated by colon – used to generate unique keys on the network .
3782: Decodes the FourCC value to its corresponding string. The input is expected in hexadecimal format, and it returns
3783: Generates the protobuf requirement string.  The version is set to zero by default but can be overridden if needed
3784: Generates the list of files to be used by HISAT – an alignment tool. The function takes as input prefix
3785: Checks if the current temperature exceeds average by given thresholds.  Returns True or False based on comparison result .
3786: A function to convert time durations from hours or minutes into seconds .  1 input parameter is the string representation of desired conversion
3787: Generates an RPC method's unique identifier based on the input string, replacing underscores with hyphens and adding
3788: Find the duplicate number from an array of integers using set and sort function, if no duplicates return none  .   Code
3789: Calculates the probability of an event with Bernoully distribution given its variance and biased factor .   [...]"}}}
3790: Convert all elements in the input string array to integers.  Return as integer lists of each element's value converted from strings
3791: Returns an integer that represents the instance and its id.  The function is used to generate unique identifiers in distributed systems where
3792: This function takes an URL as input and returns the last part of it, which is usually file name on remote server .
3793: This function converts special characters in the input string to their MarkDown equivalent. It uses recursion and memoization technique
3794: Sorts the given string by their final letter'  Code is used to sort alphabetically and then lexicographical
3795: This function calculates the number of message griddings required to represent an array with 'size' elements. The size is
3796: Get the last 'N' path components as string from file system paths .  For example : "getLastThreePathElements
3797: Checks if the given string is equal to 'Copy' in lowercase form, returns True or False accordingly .  Code
3798: Returns the ASCII value of all characters present within given string.  The result is then returned as an integer which represents total
3799: This function returns the last word in alphabetical order from given input string of multiple sentences or paragraphs separated by spaces,
3800: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output as its argument, but with all spaces removed from both
3801: Replace characters from string. 1 line function that replaces specified character with another one and returns the modified version of input
3802: Normalize the given string to lowercase and remove underscores from it, useful when comparing datasets with different casing or
3803: Adds two lists together. If one of the input is empty it returns that other'll be added to its end result
3804: This function returns the range of data to be processed by each worker. It calculates and assigns ranges based on number
3805: Parses raw instructions into their respective parts.  Returns the operation and modes of an arithmetic/logical unit in
3806: Save the given string to file in python 3 .save() function is used when we want write data into files or any
3807: This function is used to print colored output. It takes two parameters - the string of which you want printed and its corresponding colour
3808: Decodes the logical and phsycal parts of an integer representation. Returns two values representing both in binary form .   [
3809: Strip the protocol from an URL, leaving only domain name or path if present in url string .  If no protocols found
3810: Get the path of process's /usr/bin/.  .  1.0 Binary file, contains information about
3811: Processes the get/sets system properties based on their codes and returns corresponding values or replies . If not found then it
3812: A function to calculate the product of two integers. 	Inputs : Two integer numbers as parameters and returns their multiplication result
3813: Overlays the file name with .overlaid extension. 	Inputs : string path of an image or video
3814: Hide index HTML from the given file or directory name if it is an 'index'. If no such thing exists, return
3815: Check if the input value is one of 9 possible patterns. If it's not, return False; otherwise True .
3816: Convert the first part of an &lt; and > symbol separated description into its content without any html tags .  For example
3817: Returns the social security number of an individual. If input is not valid, returns empty string else return formatted SSN
3818: Decompression function using base 43 encoding. The input is compressed in the form of one character per byte, and
3819: Returns the last modification time of filename.  If file doesn't exist, returns None or zero if it is not possible
3820: Add scores to the player' s total. The function adds points and increases levels based on current socre . e g.,
3821: Find the common prefix of two strings. If there is no such string in between then return an empty one .  For example
3822: Generates an Unique Lexicographical ID.  The generated id is unique and lexicographically sorted, but not
3823: Calculates the average length of long word sentences in an input text file and returns it as percentage value .  The function takes
3824: Check if the user has pages on Github using their username as part of domain name .  If so, return True else
3825: Repeat the given string. If number of repetitions is negative it raises an error message "param ‘’mustbe
3826: Calculates the difference between two IP addresses.  The function takes as input both an IPv4 address represented by four integers from
3827: "Decorates the function with error handling to check if input is valid". ...   # end of line.
3828: Check if the points are on diagonal.  If they do return True else False . The function takes four parameters representing two different
3829: This function returns the first part of an OS version string from given input, if it exists; otherwise return 'unknown'.
3830: Convert the given datetime object to string in format "YYMMDDHHmmss"  .   e.g., convert
3831: Encodes the input string into its hexadecimal representation. 	Inputs -> String, Output -->  H
3832: Returns the integer value of given string representation as task's priorities. If not recognized it raises an error message stating that
3833: This function takes as input the original indented block of plain/simple ASCII characters and returns it with each newlined character
3834: Breaks down the input string into individual "Words" by removing extra spaces between them using list comprehension and join function
3835: A function that converts time in sec to formatted string. For example '13' will be converted into the format of
3836: This function checks if the input number is in FIBONACCI sequence. If it's not, then returns False
3837: Build settings and return corresponding to each of given set or multiple Python objects as arguments .  if only single object then returns that
3838: Checks if the given key has at least 10 characters. If not, it returns False; otherwise True .
3839: Returns the value of an attribute in HTML tags, without any quotes or brackets around it .  For example : "class
3840: Calculates the total traveled距离.  The function takes in three parameters; 'speed' is how far you can see
3841: Parses the first available Metadata Resource from an array of Resources identified by prefix '/metadat'.  If no
3842: Convert the input string to uppercase. 	Example usage : call function with 'hello' as argument, it will return
3843: Checks if the string contains two separate nonempty spaces separated by other characters or between them, but does NOT contain any character
3844: Checks if the entire string or any part of it contains punctuation. 1/0 . True - yes, False
3845: Checks if the string contains neither 'O', nor ‘o’. If it does, returns False; otherwise True
3846: A function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. If input is negative, it raises error message "Factrial". Otherwise
3847: Convert an integer to dotted quad format. For example, convert the number '4098' into '.','.','
3848: Returns an integer value that is the result of scaling up or down level by applying some percentage. This function takes two parameters as
3849: Convert an address to the format scheme:[location] – e..g http:/localhost or https:://198
3850: Calculates the total bonus.  The function takes in six parameters and returns an integer value representing how much to add or subt
3851: Check if the smaller mention text can be found in larger one.  If it does then return True else False .
3852: Returns the relaxation time in seconds based on input string 'q'. If not found returns original value of q .  [0
3853: Checks if the given path to an opensource project's directory exists within our predefined set of paths.
3854: Clean the input string by removing unnecessary characters and splitting into list of tokens/words – Code to remove unwanted special character
3855: This function returns the extension of file based on its type.  It takes as input 'sourcetype' and
3856: Strip surrogates from the input string. This function is used to remove any unicode characters that are represented as two
3857: Sorting the columns in ascending order based on their names or ids, and then by type if necessary  .
3858: Adjusts the error on warning flags.  If 'allowErrorOnWarning' is true then returns original value otherwise removes
3859: This function takes an input sequence and returns its complementary DNA strand. It uses the dictionary comp\_ dict to map each
3860: Calculates the difference in seconds between two timestamps. 	Inputs : Two datetime objects or epoch time stamped
3861: A recursive function to calculate the sum of even Fibonacci numbers upto given number. The base cases are
3862: Check if the first string is equal to second one. If not return True else False 	Version Compare Function .   Code
3863: Convert all punctuation marks to uppercase and remove square brackets from the input string, then return result as one line of
3864: Checks if the given string starts with "param-" or not, returns true/false accordingly  .   [1pt
3865: Convert bytes to humans readable format. For example, convert '3KB' into byte size and vice versa using the
3866: Returns the list of tuples representing locations within given row and column ranges on an n*n grid .  For example
3867: Returns the lifoever path to access genomic sequence files in Google Cloud Storage bucket gnomAD public requesters pays
3868: Split the given 'Entry Point' into its components - Module Name and Function/Method to be executed .  If it
3869: Convert the given name to URL format using '/' as separator . e..g., 'full/path'/returns:'
3870: Count the number of ones and zeros in an input list. The function should return two values - one is total counts on
3871: This function checks if the input string is composed of only U, D , L or R characters. If it's not
3872: 计算一个二次多项式的系数。输入为三个点，输出分别是三条直线的斜率
3873: Returns the index of an element in flattened matrix. The function takes three parameters which represent row and column indices respectively along
3874: A function to test if the given string contains "VIRUS" in any order.  If it does, return true
3875: Convert pixel coordinates to TessaTron's coordinate system. 	Input is PIL image x and y coords
3876: Calculates the distance between two points on sphere surface using spherical coordinates and returns it as result . This function is used to
3877: This function returns the total number of bytes in an object at path or URL specified by url . ...
3878: Compute the square of each element and then add them up. 	Inputs : list, Output -> float .
3879: This function converts special characters to their XML safe equivalents.  It is used when generating HTML content from Python strings or
3880: Format the query string to be used in an SQL statement by replacing spaces with %xx where xx is hexadecimal of
3881: Convert the first character of string to uppercase if it is lower case, else return original value as in all cases convert input
3882: Returns the closest point to origin in 3D space. The function takes four parameters representing coordinates of two points and returns their
3883: Finds the number of support tickets in given list and returns them as an array .   [1]    Support Ticket
3884: Finds the closest positive divisors of two numbers. If one number is larger than another then it returns their greatest common
3885: Checks if the given input contains only ASCII characters. 1 byte per character, no multibyte sequences allowed
3886: This function implements the Caesar cypher encryption algorithm. It takes an encrypted message and shift factor as inputs to encode it using
3887: Convert the given endpoint to FlasK compatible format – split by '.' and join with underscores .e..
3888: Finds the encryption key given an encrypted message and number of loop iterations. This function is used to decrypt messages using R
3889: A function that converts all uppercase characters in the input to lower and vice versa using recursion  Code : Con
3890: Create an URL to connect with Scrapy server. ...	def getattr_(self_, attrname , default
3891: Validates the input string to ensure it is one of two valid options. If not, raises an exception with appropriate error message
3892: Convert URL path to format suitable by the router of your application – convert /foo/bar into { foo }/{ bar
3893: This function takes in the name of an imported python file and returns its class as string, capitalized first letter .  For
3894: This function returns the input text with each character replaced by two tildes.  It is used to create strike throughs
3895: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return None or raise an exception .  If the input is not one of
3896: This function converts the given character into its escaped form. It uses recursion to handle nested escaping of characters within strings
3897: Flips the given angle to be between [18,49] degrees. If it is greater than or equal .
3898: Get the list of methods supported by each webkit/blink engine in different browsers .  This function is used to identify
3899: Clean up the XML job definition by removing any "*options" and "</properties>".  This is to ensure
3900: Encodes the string "Hellooo , WWorrrlddd!!." to be printed.  This is
3901: This function takes in one argument and returns the appropriate English word form of that input. For example, if you call `pl
3902: A recursive implementation of the Euclidean algorithm.  The function takes two integers and returns their greatest common divisor using an
3903: Return the absolute path of host machine. If it is running on windows, return as .exe otherwise returns nothing or
3904: A learning rate schedular that decays the initial leraning rates over time by reducing them to zero at certain steps and
3905: Checks if the last element of two lists are in ascending order.  If not it returns True else false .
3906: Count the number of times an increasing measurement was detected.  The input is provided as list 'deeps'.   Output will
3907: Checks if the string is an integer.  If it isn’t, returns false; otherwise true . The function will
3908: Convert the inputted text into lowercase letters using Python's built in function .upper(). 	Input -> "
3909: Returns the next integer after 'i' if it is less than or equal to ‘n’. Otherwise returns itself as
3910: Returns the first line of input string 's'.  If s is not empty, returns it as an HTML header with level
3911: Get the value of an option from command line arguments. If not found returns None and raises error if more than one occurrence is
3912: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3913: Checks if the given 3xn matrix has at least one zero cell on each column or line, returning True when
3914: This function escapes special characters in the text. It replaces them with their escaped versions (- AT -).  For example
3915: Checks if the sides of any triangle can be formed.  If not it returns false else true . The function checks whether
3916: Normalizes the rate to be between -inf and inf, with values of .98 upto but not including at value
3917: Convert Rankin temperature to CELSIUS using the formula R = °C + [ ­¯\text{
3918: A function that takes in an input string and the maximum length of each line to be wrapped into multiple sentences or paragraphs
3919: Return the character name and its ID. 	Example usage : print("Character Name is ",unknownChar('John',1
3920: Filter comments from the given tree.  Return only non empty lines in between two comment delimiters "//". Returns an
3921: Check if the given feature codes start with 'PCI'.  If so, return true. Otherwise false or not applicable .
3922: Returns the axial indices corresponding to an axis direction. This function is used in slicing operations on arrays or matrices with dimensions
3923: Returns the value of an instruction parameter based on its addressing modes.  If no such addressable unit exists in either 'memory
3924: Convert the input string to uppercase and append an exclamation mark at end of it . This function is used
3925: Get the lock filename from given path. 	Inputs : File Path, Output Type = String . Returns Lock Filename
3926: This function returns the result of comparing two numbers. It uses case statements to return different results based on count and computer choice respectively
3927: Convert numbers to ordinal form.  For example, the number "4" would be converted into either	"four",
3928: This function checks if the given string is one of several common text types that are commonly used in web development like 'Text'
3929: This function returns the level of sentence based on its semantic and grammatical complexity.  It is used to classify sentences into different
3930: Replace characters at the given index with another character.  If 'char' is not found then it replaces them by
3931: Compute the rate of rare events in an event list. 1 is considered as most common and less frequent than all others
3932: This function performs the Quadratic Probing algorithm on an array of integers with given parameters h and k values to find
3933: Decodes the resource type from an ID. The function takes in one argument which is expected to be hexadecimal string
3934: Convert the input text into SponGEBOb case format using recursion and helper function . Code is used in python programming
3935: A function to count the number of ways we can make change using different types and denominations.  The input is an array
3936: Convert an image to the range [-∞, +]^n where n is number of channels in input tensor and convert
3937: Counts the number of occurrences in DNA sequence.  Code is written to find out how many times given character occurs
3938: 检查给定的行是否是构造函数调用。如果它不是一个新的，或者它的参数与
3939: Convert the sine of an angle to tangent using trigonometric functions in Python . The conversion is based on mathematical formulae
3940: This function takes in the number of secs and returns it as formatted string. It calculates how many full day, hour
3941: Returns the index of y indicator variable.  The function takes four parameters and returns an integer that represents one cell in matrix Y
3942: This function checks if the given file is in CMYK format .  It returns True when it's an image and
3943: Checks if one number is completely divided by another.  If so returns True else False .   Example :dividest
3944: Convert decimal to binary. 	Inputs : string of numbers and number_ofbits . Returns the equivalent in Binary
3945: Formats language codes to be used as URLs or HTML meta tags, e..g., "en", "_us".
3946: This function takes an integer and returns the prime numbers up to that number. It uses recursion with memoization in order
3947: Generates an exponential system of size 'k' with base value equal to the number given by parameter "d". The result
3948: This function finds the greatest common divider among five numbers. It uses recursion to find it and returns an appropriate message if no
3949: Drop samples that are too long in the given encoding/decoding process by splitting them into smaller parts if possible; otherwise return
3950: Checks if the given number has unique digits. 1,068 and its double are not considered as having
3951: Convert an integer to the grid cell coordinates. 0 is considered as top left corner of any square in Grid system . The
3952: Generates file prefix based on the given parameters. 	Inputs : Run number and Component name . Output -> File
3953: This function checks if the year provided by user inputted as an argument falls into leap years. A common rule in determining whether
3954: Checks whether the given domain name has an ens (.earthstar network)-based authorization level, ie., it ends
3955: Returns the string repeated three times. If 'question' is True then appended with ???? to indicate that it was asked
3956: Convert bytes to memory string format with appropriate unit suffixes like KB, MB etc., up until GB size limit using recursion
3957: Check whether the given  matrix is possible to rearrange into an alphabetical order by columns or not . If yes
3958: Convert string to bool type, if possible returns true or false otherwise else return None . This function is used when the
3959: Checks if the string contains at least two numbers. If it does then returns true else false . The function checks whether there
3960: Split the drive letter from path.  If it is not an absolute or relative, return original string as there's
3961: This function splits an emaiL address into two parts at the 'at' symbol and returns only username part of
3962: This function checks if the given string is one of several possible types that can be used to create an object in python's
3963: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The input is the number and output will be in string format, e
3964: 3D directional movement based on the current and target directions of an object in three dimensions using perturbation methods to avoid collision
3965: This function checks if the candidate word meets certain criteria. It must have at least 6 characters long starting with same first character
3966: Returns the selected years in format 'Year Start - Year End' if more than one year is chosen, else returns
3967: Returns the name of an object or function defined within another one, if it exists; otherwise returns None – ```
3968: Check if the given string is alphanumeric or not, return true/false accordingly – Code to validate whether an
3969: Convert the given number to string with 3 decimal places and remove trailing zeros if any, e is present else return
3970: Convert Tibiabot position to integer, if possible; otherwise return zero . --> ---/code -->
3971: Returns True if the string contains any of "up", but not all, and false otherwise – checks whether there is at
3972: Check if the string 's' represents either black color. 1/3 of total colors are red, and half -
3973: A function that removes duplicate tag names from the list of strings 'tag's . The order is preserved and only unique elements
3974: Calculates the amount of fuel required to launch an object with given mass. The function takes in one parameter, which is its
3975: This function takes in an array of objects and returns the same sequence, but compacted. It does not modify any object'
3976: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal. This function takes three integers as input and converts them into hex color codes
3977: Format maven jar name.  Replace dots with underscores and replace hyphens (-).   Example - com/
3978: Convert .NIfTI image file to JSON format using the specified filename extension (.img, or just img). If no such
3979: Checks if two strings are permutations of each other or not  Code length : xxx lines .   Tested on
3980: Get AWS Region from Service ARN – split the string by ':' and return third part as aws regions are always
3981: Convert the given string to an absolute path by removing any trailing slashes and replacing each segment with its base name if it
3982: Convert boolean to string. 	Inputs : Boolean Value, Output - String representation of the input in either 'True'
3983: Returns the quotient of integer division. If one or both inputs are zero then returns result as '0'. Otherwise it performs
3984: This function returns the number of unique characters in word.  It is used to determine how many different letters are present within an
3985: Checks if the given string aligns with an empty one.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false . This
3986: Creates an SQL command to select all records from the specified table and store them in temporary memory. The result is used as
3987: This function takes in an input string and returns the corresponding value from its JSON object. It uses recursion to find nested tags
3988: Returns the start and end index of an array or list in chunks.  The indices are inclusive at both ends .
3989: Convert the name of an input file to its corresponding blasting result path in destination directory  . For example if we have "
3990: Find the number of occurrences in one given text. The function will search through all characters and return how many times an
3991: Returns the ratio of counts in two random index pairs from four integers inputted by user to total count summed up . If
3992: Builds and returns the string by joining all strings in list. 	Input - List of Strings, Output = Single
3993: Convert RGBA color to integer. The order of the colors is Red Green Blue Alpha . This function returns an unsigned long
3994: A function that extends the list by repeating elements in order to reach desired length using recursion – it takes two lists as
3995: Returns the client id of an fstab entry.  The format is '<fstype> <mountpoint> 1 <
3996: Returns the first pair of digits in string 's' as an integer. If no such pairs exist return None . The
3997: This function splits the given string into two parts based on whether it contains 'HighBank' or Cepheus
3998: Checks if the given string is an ASCII representation of some kind. 1st character must be either lowercase letter
3999: This function reverses the captchas. It sums up all numbers found within it, but only if they are located at
4000: Calculates the square of height in centimeters.	Inputs : Height as an integer value, Output is Square
4001: A function that finds the minimum value in an iterable. It uses recursion to find it by comparing each element with its
4002: Defines an implementation of two input gates using bitwise operations and returns their output as result."   }}}}}}"
4003: This function calculates the number of ways to pick 'r' items from an unordered set with size equal or greater than
4004: This function checks if the given inputted integer represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking whether it's div
4005: Convert Kelvin to Fahrenheit.	Inputs : integer, Output is an Integer representing the temperature in
4006: Return the second version in list. If there is no such element, return None . Code : get_
4007: Returns the value of reg in Hz. The function takes two parameters and returns their product divided by one less than itself shifted left
4008: Returns the device to be used based on whether CPU or GPU is requested.  If cpu=True, returns /dev
4009: Checks if the given number can be expressed as square of an integer or not . If yes, returns True else False	.
4010: A function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. It raises error if input is negative number or not int type . If
4011: This function takes an input string, strips out non alphabetic characters from it using ASCII values of lowercase letters
4012: Get the first N orders in an array. If there are more than one order per page then return all of them up to
4013: Check if the device type of given string matches with 'test' 	device. If yes, return True else False .
4014: Generates block ids of the form "xxxxxx". 1 <= chunk number <= 9.xxx . For example,
4015: Simulates Lorensen's Gamma distribution.  The function takes three parameters and returns the probability density of an event
4016: Checks if all characters of the string are ASCII.  Returns True only when every character has an equivalent value between \
4017: Check if the given file name has an image extension (.jpeg, .bmp , etc.) – returns true when
4018: Checks if the string contains any character from given set.  If it does then returns true else false . The function will
4019: Generates query names. 	Inputs q index, returns string with format '{index}_{something}' e..g
4020: Transform the given string to boolean or None.  If it's not valid, return original input as is .
4021: Trim the string to 1 line. If length of str is less than or equal, return original else cut it off
4022: Replace all the occurrences of square and round parentheses in string with corresponding open/close pairs using recursion
4023: This function calculates the Hexadecimal number of an input integer. The formula used is x*(3x−
4024: Get the destroyed volume of an xenserver instance using XenAdmin CLI tool  .   Returns True if Volume is
4025: Computes the smallest power of two that is not greater than 'input' number. If input isn’t an integer or
4026: Returns the odd linear representation of an integer. The function takes one argument, which is assumed be positive and convert it into its
4027: Convert integer label to string. 0 corresponds with 'none', and the labels increase by one from leftmost position in each
4028: Convert string to URL friendly format.  Replace all "/" with "_".  1st line should be the function definition
4029: Encode special characters and spaces into URL safe formatting using Python' builtin functions . Replace commas with % B
4030: Convert Wikipedia ID to URL format – convert the given id into url friendly string . e..g., page name ->
4031: Recall@K with K candidates. Code snippet to calculate the number of true positives among top 'n'
4032: Calculates the XOR of all numbers from n to m. The function uses recursion and bitwise operations." ---
4033: Get the cell type and programming languages from an insert statement's beginning line of text .  For example : "INSERT INTO
4034: Returns the default chunk size to use when splitting data. This is calculated by adding one more than necessary and then dividing it
4035: Check if the given string exists within file at specified path – one line function .   Code written by : [Your Name
4036: Split the given string into first and last names or return original if no '/' is found in input .  If there
4037: Clean HTML attribute.  If the given 'attribute' is one of two special cases ("Title", target), return true;
4038: Parses the first 3 bits of an unsigned integer to determine its starting position. If it's less than eight
4039: Check if the given number is divisible by any of its digits. If it's not, return false; otherwise
4040: Generates the parameter sizes required to partition an array into subarrays.  The number of parameters is determined by 'number
4041: Get the bit at given position in number. The function returns either '0' or "one" depending on whether there is
4042: This function returns the root of an XML element based on its namespace and type in OpenXML formatting language . It takes
4043: Computes the product of two numbers. This function is used to validate that our functions are working correctly and returning true
4044: Parses an HTTP Header to find the value of specific key and returns it if present else raises error "HEADER
4045: Clean the POS tags in an input string by removing special characters and spaces around underscores (_).  This function is
4046: Clean string by replacing slashes, colons & underscores with dashers. Trims the resulting strings to
4047: This function takes an integer as input and returns it if its within valid months. If not, raises error message "Enter correct
4048: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
4049: Parses the arXive URL to extracts paper ID and its corresponding Version number  .   # noqa
4050: Defines function to check if parameters are defined.  Returns True or False based on whether all the arguments have been passed in
4051: Validates the resilience policy's TIER parameter and returns it if valid, else raises an error with message
4052: Find the minimum fuel cost required to move all objects within given list of positions.  The position values are unique and non negative
4053: Calculates the time it takes to travel from one point A at constant speed 'speed' 	to another. The distance
4054: Split the message into two parts based on 'equals' sign in string formatting – if not found returns original text
4055: Check if the given url can be converted to an integer.  If it cannot, then return false; otherwise true .
4056: Remove noise from the given signature. 	Inputs : A string of characters representing an audio signal' .strip() method
4057: Clean the sequence of spaces in between characters and return it as one line string 	Inputs : A list or array like
4058: Clean the given API EndPoint by replacing slashes with underscores.  If root is provided as input then return string
4059: Returns the size of an attribute.  If it'll be more than one character, returns first three characters as integer;
4060: Checks if the given string contains at least one occurrence of "Spotif" or its variations ("S", “
4061: Finds the first string in 'where' that matches with given expression.  If no match is found it returns None .
4062: Returns the number of bins and their boundaries in m/Z range.  The function calculates how many "bins"
4063: 3. Check if the first player has beat second one in rock paper scisssor game . If yes return true
4064: Returns the position of first set bit in binary representation. If no such bits exist, returns '-'. Code is used to find
4065: Check if the given proxy IP address is valid according to standard IPvX formatting rules – four segments of numbers separated by
4066: This function escapes single quotes within the input string. It replaces each instance of ' with '\'.  The output is
4067: Returns the linear representation of Rec 638/ECMA. This is equivalent to converting from RGB color space in s
4068: Check if all characters of the string are alphabets. If yes then return true else false – only allow lower
4069: This function checks if the input string represents an IPv6 address or not by checking whether it contains exactly 8 groups of four
4070: This function converts underscores to LaTeX formatting characters, allowing the use of special symbols and spaces within your
4071: Return True if the given string is an empty mode command, False otherwise  Description : Check whether or not to display debug information
4072: Convert list of lists to string representation in LOL format .  The input is the document as an array where each element represents
4073: This function takes in an array of spectral band names and returns the corresponding distances from Earth's center to those points on our
4074: Convert comangemanager roles ids into neomagic node manager user types.  If the input is not recognized
4075: This function finds the indices of minimum and maximum values within an input list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element
4076: This function returns the standard and number of subsystems supported by an NSS. The returned string is in format '<
4077: Convert the string to uppercase  [END] .   Code : convert all characters in an entered text into UPPER
4078: 返回一个列表，其中包含给定图的起始点。根据输入参数确定不同的获取方式�
4079: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
4080: Returns True if the string is an HTTP link, False otherwise . e..g., http://www...com or https:/
4081: A function that finds the position in an array where 'N' bases are located. The base is counted from right to left