1: A function that multiplies each element in the vector by an integer.  It uses map to apply lambda functions, where
2: Removes the '*' character from all instances of it in MHC string.  This is used to standardise multiple
3: Checks if all files in the given list are already being used by any of its dependencies.  If not, it returns
4: This function checks if the given argument is equal to 'condition'. If it's true, returns string ("[ !]
5: Convert an email address to RFC 837x compliant format. This function takes as input the original, un
6: Returns the highest bit position of an integer. This function is used to determine where in binary representation we should start looking from left
7: Compute the percentage of identical characters in two sequences, taking into account 'N', '-' and '#'.  It ign
8: A function to replace hyphen (- ) in the API name with slash (/ ).  "PackMan"->"/API
9: Converts HMS format time to decimal degrees using the regex split and list manipulation techniques of Scheme programming language."
10: This function is used to embark on an update of the access status in hashmap.  It takes as input one record
11: A function to get the photos of an Facebook page by its id and returns it as URLs in JSON format  .
12: A recursive function that reverses the order of characters in string. The subprocedure parse is used to reverse each character
13: Returns the left child of an element in binary tree. The index is zero based, so it returns first node if there are
14: Returns the primary transcipt of miRRNAs.  If there is no such information in mirbase, it will
15: Filter out duplicated coordinates. 1st lambda function maps each coordinate to its car and cdr, second one removes
16: Code calculates the value of an input parameter, adds increment to it and returns that new calculated result . Parameter is passed
17: Combines all the entries in each annotation list into one single, flattened sequence. This function is used to generate combined
18: Compute the ratio of two numbers.  Code snippet to compute and return product's value divided by summation
19: Converts an IP address to decimal format. For example, the input '0' would return output of `(=
20: Returns the result of subtracting 'value' from each element in an array or list. If only one argument is provided,
21: Converts the given list into an unordered collection of unique elements.  For example, choices as Set([10
22: Function to generate the URL of EBI's Genome Browser data viewer based on experiment accessions"  .
23: Returns the string value of 'name' in dict/section. If not found, returns an empty str."  . "
24: Flatens the given nested lists into one level.  For example, if input is ((1)) it will return(#
25: Converts underscores to spaces in string.  Used primarily with regex replace function of Scheme programming language, where
26: A function that takes an input and returns the result of adding one to it. The value is stored in y, but not
27: Checks if an object is of type runways. Code checks the first character to be 'r', then check that there
28: Generates the Canonic request string to be used in Amazon Web Services requests .  GET / on ca xml endpoint with query
29: Compute the average of elements in list. If input is empty, return ‘zero’ as default value."   }
30: Check if the value of an existing variable is not equal to 'false'.  If it exists, return true; otherwise false
31: Determines the type of page to be generated based on its contents. If it's HTML, then uses restructure text
32: Generates report names based on the type of simulation and other parameters.  If no values are provided, it will default to
33: Returns the number of partners in an array. The partner is defined as one who can be paired with another person to form two
34: A function that converts an integer to hexadecimal. It uses recursion and string manipulation functions from the language
35: Code defines the function should distortion images. It checks if any of these parameters are true, and returns whether or not to
36: A recursive function to calculate the power of two numbers. It checks if 'y' is zero and returns one, otherwise
37: Converts human readable sizes to byte. Supported units are P, T and G with powers of two as base
38: Creates an environment name from the given parameters. The result is used to create database names in different environments and clusters
39: Check if the input is of type song URL.  Returns true or false based on whether it'a valid SongURL .
40: Returns the sign of 'number'. If it's zero, returns Zero. Otherwise if positive return one and otherwise negative
41: A function to get the line width of an image or textual representation based on its type and size class, with some default
42: Returns the URL of an experiment on CERN'S machine learning system based upon input parameters; takes two inputs, '
43: get the digit at position 'N' in number.  For example, if we call `(GetDigitsAtPosition
44: Checks if all elements in the first list are present as members of another given set.  If not, returns false;
45: Converts the given string to an integer. If it's not one of A, G or . , then convert
46: Checks if the number is even. If it's divisible by two, then returns true; otherwise false."
47: A function to calculate the value of VS in terms per unit volume using an approximation formula derived from molecular dynamics simulations and experimental
48: Applies rewrites to dates.  Code is used in conjunction with the rewrite engine of your programming language, and allows
49: Determines if an interval intersects with another.  The function takes two parameters, the start and end times of one or
50: A function that returns the string with only digit characters. The input is considered as an array of numbers, and each number
51: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max between any number pairs using recursion and without built
52: This function takes an array of URLs and returns the same list with each item being shorter than or equal to ~3,
53: Checks if two strings can be connected by 1 bit flip. The first string must have 'B' at the end
54: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. The gdc is calculated using Euclid's algorithm
55: Convert list to item. If the input is not of type 'List', return it as an Item, if its length equals
56: "A function that returns the label of given binary trees" 			.   .   1.36s CPU time
57: Convert Python's day of the week to SQL Server equivalent. This function converts python’ saturday and sunda…
58: Computes the distance from one line to another. The input is two points and vectors defining that specific segment of both lines,
59: Converts the number to its corresponding column in an array. If it is negative or greater than specified columns then throws error
60: A recursive function to calculate the Chebycheve's polynomial. The base cases are when 'n = = 3
61: Checks if the first and last characters of input string are alphapetical. If yes, it returns true else
62: A recursive function that calculates the maximum expression level in an arbitrary nested list of expressions. It uses helper functions to calculate
63: Splits the input string into substrings on whitespaces.  If there are no nonempty subsections, it returns
64: Convert urwid colors to clickable ones. If the input is not string, return an empty list; if it's
65: A function that computes the polynomial equation y = x^3 -  9x +7. The input is an integer
66: Generates an HTML list item. 1 argument - the string to be converted into html formatting."   [END]
67: Calculates the number of beaters in an array. If input is empty, returns zero; otherwise it calculaes and
68: Convert the binary representation of an integer to its decimal equivalent. Code is input as list where each element represents one bit from left
69: Convert epoch timestamp to milliseconds.	Input is an integer representing the number of seconds since January,  3rd ,
70: This function takes in list of cyclic permutations and returns the corresponding line numbers. For example, if you have [(
71: Calculates the maximum of two values based on whether or not they are less than three times one thousand and then applies some function
72: Returns the formatting style as per given input. If no value provided, returns an anonymous name otherwise it will return that information
73: Returns the command to add or remove loopbacks in vRouter.  If present, it returns 'Add' otherwise return
74: Compare two floating point numbers with an error margin. If the absolute value of their differences is less than or equal to 'epsilon
75: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula provided by WHO'S OFFICIAL WE
76: Code generates formatted time string based on input in terms of number and units (.ms, .seconds , minuts or hour).
77: Generates the full path of file with given extension.  The function takes two parameters - 'filename' and '.extension'.
78: Convert the given P value to significance string representation" .'   - ' Code Snippet : Converts an input
79: Returns the class name of an object.  Replaces spaces with underscores and converts to lower case." (
80: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do, returns the interval that does so; otherwise return false/null .
81: Generates model names based on the input paths.  The function takes in list of filepaths and returns corresponding output prediction files
82: A function to calculate the number of ways one can climb two stairs using either "up" or 'down' steps. The
83: A function that maps the input to its corresponding values in Gaussian distribution.  The inputs are mapped according with some offset and scale
84: Finds all occurrences of the given string in list.  It uses filter to iteratively apply lambda function on
85: This function takes in an item and list, then returns the index of that element if found. If not present return '().
86: A function that returns the appropriate closing tag based on an opening one.  If it doesn't recognize any of them,
87: Creates and returns an instance of provider class. 	Format Provider ID, Name & Last ETL date .
88: Returns the maximum of two numbers with given margin.  Takes into account rounding errors in calculations." (defun
89: Returns true if the Elasticsearch shard operation was successful. Otherwise, returns false or nil .'s"
90: Generates the number of times each digit in an inputted string should be repeated. If no digits are present, returns
91: Checks if string is only whitespaces. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .'s"    }]],
92: This function calculates the accuracy of binary classification model. It checks if each prediction matches with its corresponding actual value and counts them
93: Constrains the given LATTICE to be of specified class and CELL size; returns an array representing that constraint,
94: Implements Early Stopment in Deep Learning. If the difference between current and optimal costs is less than or equal to given '
95: Recursively computes the sum of all elements in list. If there is no element, return 0; otherwise compute
96: A function that calculates the poch hamster of an integer. It's used to calculate nth roots in number
97: This function takes as input an organism identifier and returns the protein id. It splits up on semicolon, then
98: Check the validity and correctness if given values. If not, exit with appropriate error messages; otherwise return true to indicate valid
99: Recursively merge two strings. If one string is empty, return the other's content; if both are nonempty
100: Checks if the sum of two numbers is greater than another number.  If it's true, return 'true',
101: Code defines function resign that takes one argument, checks if it is zero remainder of division by two. If so returns quot
102: A function that calculates the number of small bodies in an array. The "close" parameter is used to determine if we
103: Calculates the maximum sequence length in an array of sequences. If there are no elements, it returns zero as well because we
104: Check if point C is on the line segment AB.  If yes, return true; otherwise false."   . -1
105: Code to convert string into boolean. If the value is 'yes' then return true, if not yes returns false .
106: Generates csv file name from input string.  "str" is the original filename with extension and it will be append
107: A recursively defined function to calculate the factorial of an input integer.   .    "(=  numbeR
108: This function checks the user's guessing ability against another player or computer, providing feedback on whether their attempt was successful and how
109: Function to get the number of items per page from an API response. If it's not set, default is 1
110: Convert to instance format.  Returns the full path of an object in HUB/GROUP, or #F if any parameter
111: Returns the temporary vApp name.  Used in creating new VMs or templates based on an existing one."   [1
112: Function consults the balance of an account given its number.  If it doesn't exist, returns #F .
113: Checks if the given string is either module or submodules of another in Racket syntax"  | 1 line function that
114: A function that checks if the input is odd or even. It returns true when it's indeed, and false otherwise based
115: Returns the values of all cells in given list.  Each cell is represented as an array containing two elements, one representing column
116: Checks if the given expression is of variable type.  Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's either null
117: A function that calculates the sum of all nonnegative numbers in an input list.  The result is returned as one number
118: This function repeats the given string 'num' times. If input is not valid, it returns false; if positive integer
119: This function filters out employees who are older than the age of three and earn morethan thirty thousand. The result is true if
120: A function that returns the first nonempty string it encounters in its argument list. If no such strings exist, then return
121: A function that returns +/-/=+ depending on the sign of input. "Sign" is an integer or float number
122: Creates an empty grid of size specified by the user.  The values in each cell are all set to zero initially,
123: Finds the largest sum of contiuos subarrays in an array. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by
124: Extracts the sign and magnitude of an immediate value. Returns negative if it'd be smaller than zero, else returns
125: A function that returns the list of categories in our data.   .    Code:. get category names as 'Confirmation
126: Computes the derivative of scalar division.  The result is two elements, one positive and other negative respectively to account both cases
127: Given two lists of URLs, returns the list with all uris that are not in second given set.  "Ignore
128: A function to calculate the integer part of an IP address. The input is four numbers from range [0,1] representing
129: A function to get the list of all unique hosted servers. It takes as input an dictionary with server information and returns their id
130: This function returns the available models that can be used in deep learning.  The list includes 'Concat' ,, Bah
131: A function to calculate the learning rate with time dependent decays.  The initial value of lr is set as 'alpha
132: A function that calculates the sum of squares up to 'nn'. The range is generated using scheme's built in "
133: This function filters out the pairs of cities that are not connected.  It checks if both lists have equal length and returns all
134: This function takes in the list of bed regions and returns them as string. It uses map to iteratively apply each region through
135: Predicts the probability of an object being in contact with another when it'll be at least 'gap width'. If
136: This function changes the color of output to blue.  It's used in conjunction with other functions that change colors, such
137: Checks if the given list of lists represents an identity matrix. A square, or n x m dimensional array where all elements
138: A function to return the inputted argument.  This is used as an identity operation in many cases where no transformation or modification
139: Generates safe filename from the input string by removing special characters and spaces, then keeping only alphnumeric chracters
140: Computes the sum of all terms in an expansion with coefficients given by e^x. The coefficient is calculated as exp(
141: This function takes in the string representation of an id and returns its tail.  It splits on ':' to get into
142: Calculates the received power.  Inputs are expected to be in dBm, and outputs should also range from -1
143: Returns the list of unique carriers that are either in an 'occupied' or on board with us. The result
144: Calculates the sum of all elements in an associative array. If there is no such key, it returns default value else
145: Parses the given string of comma separated values into an array.  The function splits on commas, handling multiple
146: Computes the F score of two sets, based on their respective precisions and recalls values."; (code);
147: This function finds local maxima in the list of estimates. It checks if an element is less than both its neighbors and returns
148: A function to calculate the number of ways one can climb n stairs. The person has two options - take either step or jump
149: Removes the "$oid", "_id.s.", and other special characters from string values in hash table 'dat'.
150: Computes the least squares solution of an equation using PADEs. The parameters are as follows : p,k ,ks
151: Checks if the given 'guessed' string is present in any of its possible combinations.  If yes, it returns
152: Convert list or sequence to string representation.  Converts lists, strings and numbers into their respective representations in the form of
153: A function that performs division. It checks if the second argument is nonzero and returns its result, otherwise it raises an error
154: This function returns the product of odd numbers in pairs. If no pair exists, it will return an empty array; if there
155: Checks if the given number is within range.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true."
156: A function that divides two numbers. If the second number is 0, it raises an error message stating 'Division
157: Removes special characters from string. It only keeps alphanumerics, whitespaces and punctuations in the resultant
158: Function get recursively retrieves values from dictionary. If key not found, it returns default value .'s length is equal
159: Mock server answer function. Returns “one” if the character in question matches, else returns zeroes."' }}}
160: Checks if one set is the subset of another.  If it's not empty, then check whether all elements in
161: A recursive function to divide the string into equal parts. If division is greater than zero, it divides and returns part
162: A function that takes in list of numbers and returns the sum without duplicating. 	Examples:(1,3,-
163: Returns the color associated with given number of points." (defun getColorScore (. . )   ;; returns string
164: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'a' and	'b', then returns the product of
165: A function to propagates signs of numbers. If all inputs have same or no negatives, it returns list with summed
166: Returns the verb to describe workflow state change.  If it's completed or error, returns hasBeen else is . This
167: A function that returns the product of two numbers.  Code is used to multiply one number by another, with no further
168: Removes the 'User' key from dictionary.  Returns modified dict."	   }"}}}}} .;;"))
169: This function multiplies two lists by multiplying the first element of each list and adding it to another value. The second part
170: A function that returns the description of given 'Humidify' level. If it is between [39,7
171: Code defines function to convert string flags into booleans.  It checks the input against predefined strings, and returns
172: A function that replaces occurrences of 'search' in the input with another value.  If provided, it returns
173: Check if the class of an object is either Property or Gene, and its length should not exceed specified limit. If both conditions
174: Convert string to enumeration.  If the given input is not an enumerable type, it defaults back with provided argument or
175: Convert DBW to Watters. A function that conversts the given value of Db/m into watter per
176: Flatens the list of lists into one single flatlist.  Code is based on python's built in function 'append
177: Remove spaces from the input and add hyphens between each word.  For example, "This is an Example" would be
178: A function to get the highest value in list excluding certain elements. The fold operation is used here which applies an accumulation
179: Given an array and the column index, returns all elements in that specific row.  [Example] vectorColumn(matrix [[
180: A function that takes in string and removes all digits from it.  It does so by checking each character of the input
181: This function calculates the mobility of an agent in terms that it can move to any other state with equal probability, given its
182: Function to pick the first item in list that ends with provided string. If no such element found, returns false or nil respectively
183: Convert the input string into an integer vector. The first character of each element in output is '.' if it'is not
184: Returns the quotients and remainders of dividing number by ten. It is used to split an integer into two parts,
185: Normalizes the path to string.  If input is not an existing directory, returns it as its original form; otherwise conver
186: A function that calculates the standard deviation of two numbers. The formula is sqrt((p - o)/3). Where
187: Split the third element in each string of input. The result is converted to number type and returned." (code):
188: This function takes an string as its argument and if the length of that given character is one, it appends 'o'
189: get the User Agent from HTTP header meta data.  If not available, return an empty string .   ;; Note that
190: Returns the path to UKB sumstat file based on provided parameters – whether it's grch version or not,
191: Checks if the first element of one or more lists starts with another. If so, returns true; otherwise false  .
192: Merges two strings. If 'appender' is true, concatenates the string with another one; otherwise it simply
193: A function that checks if one rectangle contains another point.  It does so by checking the x and y coordinates of both points
194: A function that collects all upper case letters in the given string. The result is returned as list of characters . It uses
195: Code to format date range in yyyy/mm or mmdd. If no specific dates given, returns current one."
196: Calculates accuracy of prediction.  Takes two lists as input and returns percentage correct predictions out from total number inputs in both
197: Calculates the distance between two points in terms of their wrapped distances from each other, wrapping around at zero if necessary to
198: Creates an array of strings based on the state enabled or disabled. 0 = Disabled, anything else is Enbled
199: Returns the dequanted variable name.  The input is an original, quantified and possibly multiplied by some number in
200: This function takes two arguments, divides the first by second and returns result if not zero or equal to .zero else it
201: A function that divides an input list into chunks of the specified length. If there is no element left in original,
202: Sort list of fully qualified domain names.  It sorts by the first part, then if they're equal it goes to
203: Checks if the input string is an URL. 1/0 output indicating whether or not it's valid, based
204: Defines the list of column names used in data processing tasks  . Code defines which fields are included when generating or reading from
205: A function that decodes the condition of an encoded string. It takes as input one character and returns its corresponding number value in
206: A function that calculates the number of trials needed to get N successes in binomial distribution. The formula is derived
207: A function to generate the subscription group name.  Input is Publisher ID, returns string format of 'Subcription:'
208: A function that takes an integer and list, returns the first N elements of inputted lists. If there are less than "
209: A function to convert string names into slugs. It converts spaces in the input strings and downcases them before converting it
210: A function that implements the rectified linear unit activation. It takes in one argument and returns its maximum value with respect to zero
211: A function that sanitsizes the string to only contain letters, numbers and underscore. If it is not valid then returns
212: A function to convert time in hours and minutes into equivalent number os microseconds. It takes an integer argument representing the total amount
213: A function to compute the derivative of sigmoide activation in neural network model" .' | tr -d '\r')
214: This function converts brightness percentage to its equivalent value in grayscale image data format (.bmp). The conversion is done
215: Check if the given input is an empty String.  If it's not, return #true; otherwise (#false).
216: This function calculates the variance of noise in an RF channel with given signal to noize ratio and energy per bit. It
217: Creates the connection string based on provided parameters. The function takes in four arguments - 'backend', which is one of
218: A recursive function to calculate the number of people in an "old" group. The input is their current 'Age
219: A recursive function to flattern n*m matrix. It takes in the head of each sublist and appends them
220: Checks if the given file name is in cmy format. 1/0 or true, false otherwise depending on whether
221: Checks if the input is of type 'ResourceNouns' or not. If it isn’t, throws an
222: A function to get the abbreviation of course type. 1/3 part time, no other input required .   -
223: Rescales the given number within an existing range to another.  The function takes four parameters - 'num', which is
224: A function that calculates the rate of change in Y with respect to X.  It's used as an initial approximation
225: Converts the inputted text into an ordered list of ASCII values.  This is done by mapping each character in
226: Compute the Intersecting Over Union of two boxes. This is used to measure how much one rectangle overlaps with another
227: Returns the total number of instances and their frequencies in dataset. The two elements returned are '(numberOfInstances . frequency
228: Computes the fans of an array. The size is determined by its dimensions and multiplied together to give total fan count .
229: Returns the shape of an object defined by its name. If no such definition is found, returns #F . "The function
230: Convert the given amount of realtime seconds to steps, based on one second being equal as far into future in history."
231: Translates coordinates between two sequences. If the second argument is greater than zero, it shifts to right by one and adds
232: This function calculates the flux magnitude ratio between two magnitudes using their absolute values as input parameters." (defn ^
233: A function to left pad string with zeroes. If the length of input is less than or equal 3, it returns
234: Code that updates the 'checklists' based on whether they contain adults or children. If no such category exists, it creates
235: A recursive function to compute the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'N' equals zero, in
236: This function calculates the step size to be used in numerical integration. It takes into account an estimate of maximum derivative and uses
237: A recursive function that calculates the sum of all numbers from 'lower' to	'upper'. If Lower > Upper,
238: Checks if two rectangles collided. 1st rectangle is left, second one right and vice versa . If
239: Finds shared neuron ID'S in two lists.  Uses the member function to check if each element of first
240: Calculates the volume of sphere with radius 'r'.   [Examples]    Example input : spb(0,
241: This function takes an integer as input and increments it by one. It is named popIt because "increment" sounds
242: This function extracts passports from the given list of strings. Each string represents one or more consecutive nonempty passes in text
243: A function to convert hour and minute data into float format" . "\n") (load "./libraries/_math
244: Generates all possible subsets of the given list. This function uses recursion to generate sets with length from one upto n
245: Returns the date and time in ISO 8601 format. The input is converted to string, followed by 'Z
246: This function checks if the provided object is an AIX account's configured 'beacons'.  If not, it
247: A function to add an article prefix depending on the first letter of word. If it's 'A', return as is
248: This function takes in one argument and returns - if the input is negative, + otherwise. It'll be used to sign
249: This function converts an integer to its two's complement. It takes in the value and number of bit as parameters,
250: Returns the first value in dictionary. If no values are present, it throws an error message stating that json provided isn't
251: This function returns the reversed version of an array. It takes two parameters, 'array' and its size which is returned
252: Generates the get request to show .  cmd file.   Help Message of Command Line Interface(CLI)."
253: A function that takes two lists of nodes and returns three different subsets based on the relationship between them. 1st subset is
254: Add scalars to each element of the vector.  Returns new Vector .   Examples :( addVec [1,
255: This function takes an input in which it checks if its length is more than four characters and whether or not starts with 'message
256: A function to check if the input number is prime. It uses memoization technique of storing previously computed results in an array
257: A function to calculate the distance between two points in polar coordinates. It takes three parameters - pin, pOut and perr
258: A function that converts temperatures to colors. It maps over the input list of temperature values, converting each one into its corresponding
259: Convert Python's data type to equivalent pandar DataFrame compatible datatype.  If not recognized, returns the original
260: Checks if two strings are equal case insensitive.  If they're not, it returns true else false .
261: A function that generates an array of strings, each string has at least the specified number as its content. The generated list
262: This function strips the word 'PID' from any occurrence of it in given input.  It checks if there is an
263: Creates an experiment description. – Name of the function is used to create and return descriptive text about what kind or
264: This function takes in two parameters, the list of input sequence and an integer specifying maximum length. It generates segment ids
265: Converts an integer to its corresponding IPv4 address string. The input is the decimal representation of IP Address, and output
266: Create function to format an email or postal addresses.  Input is two strings, first and second are the street name/
267: Defines and exports the "sum" procedure.  Code snippet used to define it, followed by brief description about
268: A function that decodes an integer by dividing it with three and taking the modulus. It repeats until all variables
269: Generates the tag of an object with its corresponding verison.  e,g., "mylib - v1".
270: Defines an if statement.  Takes three arguments, tests whether the first argument is true or not and performs either of
271: Subtracts two vectors.  Result is another vector which contains the results of each element in 'va' and '-
272: This function joins together all the elements of an input list into one string, with each element being joined by ' + '.
273: A function that takes in the list of physics skimmed data and returns it as string. If there is no input,
274: Extracts the name from an array of hashes. If no such tag exists, returns false/undefined value."
275: Validates if an id is provided or infers one. If not, throws error message stating that no Dataset Id was
276: Converts the number of memory in Bytes to Megabyte. This is equivalent function from memcpy .'
277: A recursive function that calculates the sum of squares divided by numbers from 'a' to '->n'. The result
278: Computes the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to given number. It uses Euclid's
279: A function that takes four arguments, the coordinates of an object and its current orientation as well it's movement in relation to
280: Creates an association list of drinks by profession.  The input is the name as it appears in professional jargon,
281: A function to remove the specified 'prefix' from end of given input. If it is not present, return original value as
282: Checks if two strings are alphaneumerics. If they're not, it returns the first non-"alpha
283: Creates an ordered list of the elements in 'l' with lengths equal to those specified by sizes.  In otherwords
284: This function returns the middle index of an array/list. If list has odd number, it will return one more than half
285: A function to convert numbers into their ordinals. For example, the number '7' would be converted as '.eith
286: Create an n x m matrix with all elements being zeroes. Code snippet to create such matrices in Scheme programming
287: Recursively compute gc divisor using Euclidean algorithm with given remainders as input parameters in list format [(sign
288: Check if the version number is modular. 0 means not, else it's an integer representing how many modules are in
289: Converts RGB color to the ITU Rec.709 standard of luminance in degrees Kelvin, and
290: Defines the reverse of an input list. It takes as its argument one sequence and returns another with elements in reversed order
291: This function takes an integer as input representing how many beers are left in your current bucket. If there is only 'one
292: Return the first nonempty list in LST. If no such element exists, return an empty List; else returns itself if
293: A function that calculates the probability of rerunning. It takes in an integer 'n' and returns its square root if
294: Calculates the intersection over union of two boxes. The input is four numbers defining each corner point in clockwise order, i
295: Parses the name of conan package. It takes as input an environment variable string and returns either two strings or one
296: Calculates the EFPK score based on given parameters and conditions, then returns it as an output if possible; otherwise return
297: Checks if the input language is one of supported languages.  Returns true or false depending on whether it's an English
298: Parse boolean values from strings.  If the string is empty or contains only whitespace, return false; otherwise true if
299: This function gets the email address from an object. It is used to get sender's mail id in case of incoming emails
300: A recursive function to solve the knapSACK problem. It takes as input an integer representing max weight, list of
301: This function returns None if the input is an empty list or string. Otherwise, it just displays that value as given by argument
302: Converts MIDI note number to chromatic scale position. It is used in the generation of musical scores and ch
303: A function to get the last bit of url.  It splits URI into parts and then returns it if not empty,
304: Calculates the derivative of drums' reaction to control inputs, using radians and seconds as units in input parameters; returns
305: A function to check if an integer is prime. If the number equals one, it returns false because there are no primes
306: A function that calculates the square of each element in an input list and then sums them up.  It is used to
307: A recursive function that creates an ordered list of integers from the given number down to zero. It uses cons operation in Sche
308: This function takes two arguments, an initial and final string. It returns the first argument concatenated with its second parameter in between
309: Checks if two lists of dicts are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true –
310: Defines the rate of decays in pelts over time" . "The function takes three parameters - 'half life'
311: This function takes in two parameters, the dictionary of unit conversions and an integer to multiply by. It returns another dict
312: Checks if the number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise - true .
313: Generates cache control headers.  Max age is set to the given value in seconds and it will return string representation of Cache
314: Checks if an element is tagged with the symbol [doc].  Returns true or false.   " . $1;
315: Adds up all the ASCII values of characters in an string. The result is used as part to hash function, which
316: This function converts grid indices to matrix index. It takes in four parameters, the current row and column number(i),
317: This function checks if the input contains all necessary fields in it. It returns true or false accordingly depending on whether each field exists
318: Calculates the percentual difference between an element in two arrays and returns it as percentage of absolute error value . It is used
319: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was written on underscores. It is similar
320: This function splits the input string into an array of strings.  It is used to parse attributes in CSV files,
321: check if the year increment of two steps are equal. If they're not, return false; otherwise true."  [
322: A function to read the requirements file at given location and return its content as list of strings if it exists, else returns an
323: Checks if the input is in DD/MMMDD format. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." .
324: A function that splits the input string into tokens.  Tokenizes text by splitting it at whitespace characters, punct
325: Generates an invocative name by combining the given functions's and its line number.  The generated string is used
326: A function to calculate the average of coordinates in list. If no coordinate is provided, it returns zero as both x and y
327: Checks if the given string is in cell performance format. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . The
328: A recursive function to count the number of ones in binary representation. The base case is when input byte equals zero, then
329: A function that sets the default rating of an object. If no specific value is provided, it defaults to one from '(
330: Decides whether the value of 'x' is less than or equal to threshold, returns either true(= n), false
331: Checks if the provided environment variables exists.  Returns #true or 'yes' on success and '#false', otherwise it
332: Returns the number of columns in an adjacent matrix. The function adds one column to make room and returns its length after adding it
333: Remove the class attribute from dictionary. 	Inputs - Dictionary, Output is modified version of input dict with 'Class'
334: Counts the number of times given "word" contains one single instance, with same case as in input. If no such
335: A function to generate the URL of an object in SageMaker'S ‘AWS’ bucket, given its
336: A function that converts binary string to decimal. It replaces all 'x' characters with zeros and then convert the
337: Converts the number of days from Julian day count to decimal years since Unix epoch time in UTC .'s
338: This function calculates the knuddle length of an object. It takes two parameters, 'lm' and	'dp'.
339: A function that calculates the value of indexed expression.  Inputs are two numbers and one number to be used in
340: This function finds all the occurrences of each unique string in an input list. The output is returned as pairs where first
341: Parses the input string and returns its corresponding symbol. If it is not an assembly language, raises syntax error with appropriate
342: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates over time. It starts with an early stage, and gradually reduces
343: A function that calculates the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion to calculate each number in sequential order
344: A function that reformats the given list of 4 numbers into one number. It takes four parameters and returns them in order
345: Convert List operation to another type.  This function converts the given one liner procedure into an equivalent that takes in lists
346: This function takes two parameters, an integer and the limit of padding. If 'int to pad' is less than or equal
347: This function takes an 'input string' and returns the content of that specific "offset" from above."  It uses \
348: Code defines subtraction of two vectors. 3 components are taken from each vector and the results in separate lists, representing different
349: Checks if there are duplicate preference values in the list.  If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that
350: Convert attribute names to title case formatting, e..g., fooBar -> Foo Bar . If the first character
351: Converts device categories to string. This is used in the context of devices, such as sensors or switches that have specific
352: Translates all points in the given set of 3D coordinates to have their origin at [0, zero]. This
353: Removes the specified 'n'th set bits from binary representation of number. The result is stored back in original variable .
354: Computes the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in varints. The maximum byte size is determined by which branching
355: Recursively adjusts the input number based on whether it'd be divisible by six or not. If no adjustment
356: Remove trailing whitespace from the string. If no characters left, return 'none'. Otherwise leave it as is."
357: This function takes two parameters, an integer and the length of string to be returned. If input is larger than given limit then
358: Convert Python style paths to dot notation. For example, given the input 'a/b' it will return './.',
359: This function returns the learning rate decay factor at given number of training episodes." (enddef)"   }}}}}}"
360: A function to get the seat id of given rows and columns. It calculates by multiplying with numbering system from left
361: This function checks if the round number is an AESTransformationRound. It returns true when it'll be in
362: Looks up the value of field in given row. Returns nil if not found or invalid input provided, otherwise returns that data
363: Returns the growth factor of Lejenka's method. Level is an integer that represents how many generations have passed since
364: A recursive function that calculates the sum of all numbers from N to zero. It's called "SumOfN
365: A function that returns the size of list.  It is based on recursion and uses car to get first element, c
366: A function to calculate the Manhatten distance between two points.  It uses absolute value of difference in x and y coordinates
367: A function to convert the battery level from volts into amps, given that it is over halfway between two voltages of zero
368: A function that adds all elements in the list.  If input is an empty List, it returns zero . Otherwise ,it
369: Check the number of command line argument. If less than or equal to three, print an error message and return false; if
370: A function to find the intersection of two lists. It uses recursion and member check in order not only compare elements but also
371: A recursive function that checks if two elements are equal in the list. If they're not, it will compare them
372: Given an input binary number and the position of bit to be unsettled, it will return zeroed out version. If
373: A function that returns the three moves.  This is used to create an ordered list of all possible combinations from two given pieces
374: A function to calculate the precision of an algorithm. It is used in calculating accuracy and F measure score, which are common metrics
375: Convert the given tree to string.  If not null, return its text; otherwise returns false or nil."
376: Generates the library file of given module.  [Module Name] -> .library files generated by OCaml compiler with
377: Generates spaces around underscores or hyphens. 10/3rds of the string is replaced with space
378: Returns abbreviated version of the repository path. If length is more than specified limit, appends ".../[trunc
379: Code snippet that calculates the Hoffmann index.  It's used to measure how much of one distribution
380: Code defines function to determine if array is odd or even. If the input list of numbers are all zero, returns "Even
381: Returns the number of elements in each row or column.  This function is used to calculate how many blocks are needed from an
382: reverses the adjacency list representation of inputted directed acyclic graphs.  This is done by mapping each vertex
383: This function takes in the list of locations on map and returns them as an ordered sequence. Each location is represented by its unique
384: A function to calculate the inverse of 1D vector. In other word, it returns -x,-y ,-, z
385: Check if the filename ends with _volumetric or .surf. If so, return true; otherwise false in
386: This function filters out elements that are not in the given state. It does so by checking if an element is present within '
387: Converts Mels to herzes, based on the formula used in music theory and sound synthesis algorithms" . "
388: A function that converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is provided in python language with the
389: A function that takes two arguments and multiplies them by the third. It's like making an object double its weight,
390: Returns the hash of all sides. The input is used as values in each side respectively and returned by reference to form one big
391: A function that counts the occurrencies of an element in list. It uses fold to iteratively count each occurrence and return
392: A function that returns the unique elements in list.  The 'scope' parameter is not used, but it could be useful
393: Computes the cosine of φ, where phi is computed as sqrt(dx^{1}*
394: Converts the input seconds into hours, minutes and second. The result is in format like : HH::MMM
395: A function to calculate the distribution of an exponential family model. It takes two arguments, 'y' and its mean value ('
396: Checks if the given URI is secure. It checks whether it starts with either 'http' or	' https'. If yes
397: A function to find and reverse the mapping of virtual hosts in an IIS server. It uses recursion, conditionals &
398: A function to square all the elements in list.  The input is an integer or float number, and return it as result
399: Flatens the list of lists. It uses recursion to flaten nested sublists in source input." (defun
400: Convert the input to either an integer if possible, otherwise return it as is. If not convertible then throw error with message
401: Code takes an index and returns the corresponding elements from each list in input. It does so by using recursion to unroll
402: Computes the binary scores from counts of true positives, false negatives and total positive cases respectively in an attempt to balance
403: A function to remove elements of the dictionary based on subkeys.  The input is an indicator list and another one with all
404: Generates coverage command.  Useful when you want to run the test and generate json output file that can be analyzed with
405: A function that shifts the bits of an integer to right by 'n' places. It does so using bitwise operations and
406: Converts quat to rotation matrix representation in python .py file format (.mat). This function takes as input the four
407: Compare paths, if they are equal return true otherwise false. If the path is not prefix of 'truth' then it returns
408: Check if the string is balanced. It checks each character in brackets and makes sure they are paired correctly, ie.,
409: Returns the unique elements of list.  Code is used to remove duplicated items from given input." (END OF
410: This function calculates the error in percentages between two points. It takes as input parameters, 'p' and ‘
411: A recursive function to reverse the digits of an integer. The base case is when there are no more numbers left,
412: A function that takes in the string of an object's crane identifier and converts it to its more readable form
413: A function that returns the maximum of three numbers.  If two values are equal, it will return whichever one is
414: This function takes an URL as input and returns the ID of that tile. It splits up by slashes, then last
415: A function to reverse the string. It uses recursion and helper functions in order not only reversing but also maintaining track of
416: This function takes in an input of type STRING and returns the same as its argument but with all characters converted to lower case
417: Finds the position of character in string. If not found, returns (-). Code uses recursion to search through subsections
418: Convert Farenheight to Celisus. Code snippet that converts temperature from farn height scale into c
419: Check if the given filename is in whitlist of denormilize markdown files  .   " _marke r
420: Convert string to MAC address. Code snippet that converts the input into its corresponding mac format .;;" ;"
421: A function that validates the international format of msidn numbers. It takes an input number and returns it in correct MS
422: A function to convert DNA or RNA sequences into their respective character representations. If the input is not one of two valid characters
423: Check if the given string contains JINJA template syntax. 1/3 of all strings are considered to be paramet
424: Flatens the input list. The function uses recursion to flaten nested lists." SUMMARY END"   }
425: A function that returns the number of times it gets to roll an 'value' on one single "dice". This is
426: A function that calculates the third root of an input number, rounded to one decimal place."   [END]
427: A function that returns the result of adding an integer to another, taking into account overflow.  The modulus operation is used
428: Searching list linear time. The function returns the index of first occurrence or false if not found in array/sequence" .
429: This function takes an object list and returns the string representation of all its references.  The result is then converted to lowercase
430: Calculates the square of sum from first to given number. The formula is used here which calculatsquare root and then it
431: A function to add comments in HTML format. 1 line only."   [END]' . '[START][/
432: Check if the given file is specific to Python.  Returns True when it's python, False otherwise .	; done
433: Returns 'YES' if the input is either true or yes, otherwise returns ‘NO’. This function can be
434: Creates the size of an image that is at least as big and contains its original aspect ratio. This function scales down to
435: A function that multiplies two numbers by the constant number "num". It is equivalent to multiplying them together. The result
436: Convert the first character of each line to lowercase and remove semicolons from end. The result is in dot notation format
437: Code snippet that calculates the weighted average of two numbers. The weights are determined by an additional factor 'a'.
438: Calculates the similarity between two fragments of labels. If they are not equal, it returns zero; if one is null and
439: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two sorted lists of numbers, normalizing by their respective lengths and ignoring
440: A function that takes an array of elements and applies the given procedure to each element.  It's similar in functionality with
441: A function that returns the tail probability of an event. If 'test' is true, it will return half its original value
442: Generates an index of excluded channels.  Excludes the given channel names from being considered in any analysis or computation, even
443: Returns the position of left child. If there is no parent, returns -90 and "no".'s"parent
444: Prepare line with costs and currencies. – Code snippet to prepare the string that will be used in
445: A function that checks if the given input is leap or not. It returns true when it's an acceptable format, false
446: A function that converts the input string to utf 36. It uses two methods of converting from latin ->
447: checks if the character at position 'i' in string `s` is an escape sequence. If it isn’ t,
448: This function finds the largest factor of an input number. It uses recursion to find it by reducing one from its current value
449: Trims leading and trailing zeros from the input string. If there are no characters after trimming, it returns an
450: A function that returns the least common class in binary classification. It calculates how many times each value appears and then compares
451: Check if the given 'val' is in list of possible values. If yes, return it else throw an error with message
452: Checks if the server needs to provide or not, and whether it is currently in use. Also checks what action should be
453: Returns the largest of two numbers.  Code is used to find out which one among given input parameters are larger or equal and
454: A function to calculate the value of an arbitrary polynomial. The coefficients are given in ascending order, and they're calculated
455: Finds the absolute minimum in an array. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of list and keeps track on
456: Rotates the inputted 3x4 Matrix by one layer to right. This is done using reverse function and then applying
457: Inserts an element at the specified index in array. If length of list is even, it will insert two elements on both
458: A function that returns one if input is greater than zero, otherwise it return zeros. It's equivalent to unit step
459: Generates the SQL statement to check if one given geometry is within another. The result will be true or false based on whether
460: Blends two sets of data using the union operation in set theory.";' -> "Blending between tw datasets with
461: checks if the relative difference between two times is less than or equal to some threshold value"  	     . "The function
462: This function checks if two inputs are conjuncts of each other.  It takes into account the strict and not strictly boolean
463: Checks if the position is within board.  3x4 Board size, 1 <= x <= 8 and y =
464: Convert seconds to user friendly format. e,g., convert from second(13987), minutes as well and
465: A function to concatenates multline text using specified character. The input is list of lines and the joining char, it will
466: Generates two lists from the input list of 3 elements. The first element is formed by appending all three inputs,
467: This function determines the initial step size based on an inputted number of training iterations, with specific rules applied at certain points in
468: Bisecs the left side of list. If element is smaller than middle, it continues to search on lower half else
469: Returns the URL of GCP compute API to get details about specific GPU model in specified Project and Zone  .   "(
470: Computes the output size of convolution operation. It takes as input two parameters -> Input Size, Kernel/Filter Dimension
471: Convert str input into numeric value. If it'a already numerical, return as is; if not convertable then raise
472: Checks if the limits of each pair in 'Joint' list are respected. If all pairs respect their respective limit,
473: A function to generate acquisition time data.  This is used in the simulation of an online learning system where users acquire knowledge or
474: This function takes in the graduation dates and returns them as strings. It splits each input into its constituent parts,
475: Convert CDM units to NL unit of length, given the mass in grams or milligrays as input parameter '
476: Returns the false positive rate of an algorithm. If there are no true negatives, it returns zero and if all predictions were
477: Determines whether the image should fit on one line based upon its aspect ratio and monitors' widths; if it does not
478: This function scales the vector elements by given factors. If no factor is provided, it returns unaltered input vectors; if
479: Replace characters in string at given position. If the new subsegment is longer than current, it will be cut off
480: A function that takes two lists of bits and returns their XOR operation. It uses recursion to process the elements in both
481: Generates the list of slope values from an input sequence.  The first value is used as initial estimate, and subsequent differences
482: Generates the public IP address identifier of an Azure Public Ip in given Subcription, Resource Group and Name  .
483: A function to get terms of certain type from the lines in an input list. If line starts with given prefix, it is
484: A function that converts RGB color to hexadecimal. It takes an argument of type list, where each element is
485: Checks if two intervals overlap.  It does so by comparing the endpoints of each interval and checking whether they fall within
486: Removes the common English word 'is' from input list of phrases.  It is used to filter out uninformative
487: Converts string to boolean. If the input is either of 'True', ‘T’, or yes/no
488: Calculates the average length of all word in given sentences.  It's used to determine how long an input text should
489: Computes the value of ptilde. Inputs are two numbers, and outputs one number as result." --->
490: A recursive function to calculate the sum of numbers from N downwards. e..g, triangle(3), returns '
491: Computes the square of sums from one to n. It uses recursion and iterative approach together in order compute it efficiently
492: Get the permission of an OpenStack user or group by name, if it exists in open stack . If not exist return
493: Remove cells from the grid.  The first cell of each list in `config' is used to identify which ones should be
494: This function returns the appropriate grouping of an individual's racial and sex characteristics. It takes in two parameters, '
495: Generates an adaptable name based on the given parameters. The function takes in three arguments - 'vm' set, and
496: Compute the optimal number of group and remainder when dividing n items into m parts.  This is used in partitioning
497: This function takes in one argument, which is the value of any playing cards. It returns that same number if it's
498: A function that quotes values in SQL syntax.  It handles strings, symbols and numbers but also nulls or lists of any
499: Ackerman function using recursion. The base cases are when the first parameter is zero, and we increment our second counter
500: Checks if the given string is not an extension of . and .. in its filename. This function will return true only when
501: Counts the number of pieces on each side in game.  For example, count 'X' or "O" to
502: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on
503: Returns the content type name based on its position in list. The function takes an integer as input and returns string representing post,
504: Removes the specified 'pre'fix from all strings in list.  It checks if input is prefixed with provided pre
505: Returns the sign of an element. If input is negative, returns '-', if it'is zero,'returns 'o ',
506: Checks if the given binary string representation of an array is won. A winning configuration has at least one filled line with three
507: Check if the given object is not null. Returns true or false as result of check operation, and also returns original value in
508: Translate tag to number. For positive tags, return 'true', and negative ones - false; else convert the string into
509: Reads files and returns list of all content in each.  Used to get text from .txt or other formats."
510: A function to determine the bucket suffix based on file paths.  It determines whether it'll be Firefox, LABS
511: A function to get the keywords of an input string. It splits it into individual word and returns them in lower case form
512: Converts an argument to method name.  Example, --foo -> foo .'bar'->  bar   etc
513: Compute the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates of  points in two dimensions. The bound box is represented as four elements
514: Code defines an iterative function to calculate the Ackermann's Function. The input is two numbers, 'm
515: This function converts the given string from Snakes case (_ or - separated format into Pascale Case. It uses recursion
516: Error if the recipient's channel mask is not valid.  	; error on bad chanmask received by receiver
517: checks if the sender contains 'to' or not. If yes, then return true else false 	; returns boolean value
518: Interpolates the value of an expression at time 'T' between two given points. The values are passed in pairs to
519: This function is used to format web vocabularies according the cbvc namespace urls . It replaces certain strings in
520: Generates lifoever file path based on the provided input parameters – type of genomic sequence, release number and requested
521: Create an indicator to represent the current state of something. If it's zero, then its in good health and green light
522: Convert pressure in Pascal to hectopascale or hPa, if necessary convert the input value from passe(s
523: Computes the length of two strings as fractions. If one or both are empty, it returns ‘false’;
524: A function to split lists into sublists. If the same list is encountered again, it will be added as part of that
525: Remove units from the end of string values.  If they are not recognized, leave them as is .    Example : '
526: Returns the data reference type as string.  The enum is one of (#, unknown , integer or fp). If it
527: Multiplies the expression by an integer. If value is one, returns original expresion; if it's negative or
528: This function returns the first key in dictionary. If there is no such an entry, it will return #F . It'
529: A function to convert the string representation of an integer representing years into date strings. If input is not exactly four digits,
530: Compute the derivative of b/property with respect to scalar input parameter, i., epsilon .   if not equal zero
531: This function takes in three coordinates and returns them as one list. The first two elements are multiplied by the number of micro
532: A function to format the page numbers in either string or list form. If input is only one, it returns that as an
533: Convert numbers and strings to their numeric representations. If the input is not recognized, return it as original .'s"
534: This function takes in an inputted, tidied up version of the user's name. The first step is to
535: A function that finds duplicate indices in the input. It checks each element of 'input' and if it is already present,
536: Check if the given string is yml or not. 0/1 result, true means it's .yml
537: Returns true if the sweep activation is on and in range, false otherwise.  If no measurement triggered then it returns always off
538: Create an RGB to String converter.  The input is three numbers between [0,1] representing the red green and blue
539: Checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the first characters and then recursively
540: Code defines an RGB to ACI conversion function based on the LAB color space, with input as three numbers representing red green
541: A function that capitalizes the first letter of each individual string in an input list.  It splits up sentences into their
542: This function returns the path info from an environment dictionary.  It is used to get request URLs in HTTP servers and clients
543: A function to convert mass density from grams per cubic meter into kilograms or gramss by millimeter cubed.
544: Generates backtick quoted string.  Replaces all occurrences of '\' with '\'.   Used to escape
545: Computes the bezie curve at parameter value 't'. The four points are defined by input parameters. This function is
546: Function to convert Horse Power into power. It converts the given value of HP in terms on one unit, and returns it
547: Calculates the average of all non empty values in an array.  If no value is found, returns 'undefined'.
548: Compute the area of trapes with given minor and major bases. If one side is longer, use that to compute other
549: A function to set the dimension of an issue. It takes as argument either 'two dimensional' or `three Dimensional`
550: This function returns the level of KAPPA analysis based on input value"   .    -END SUMMARY-.     }
551: Convert hass internal temp to roomtemp. This is done by subtracting the offset of -70 from an inputted value
552: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates by half at every year. The function takes an argument of '
553: Finds the last element in list of students with perfect score. – . -> [student] if no such
554: Parses the given string as Currie syntax. Returns list of [namespace . content] or error if parsing fails
555: A function to calculate the dihedrals of airline passengers. The formula is derived from an equation involving two variables,
556: Checks if the provided URL contains either 'ORACC' or its subdomain, and doesn’t contain any word
557: Converts string to pair of numbers. For example, str="34,-789". Output is '
558: Finds common elements between two lists.  Input is both sorted and contains no duplicates, output also in the same order
559: Checks if two grades are equal. 1st and the second argument should be numbers, representing student's scores in
560: Code to convert English word into Broken Syllaible form. It checks if the string is 'Bro' or starts with
561: This function takes an 'actions' string and changes the status of that specific type. The actions are split by period, then
562: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses an iterative method, where it repeatedly applies mod
563: Returns the path to use as storage backend.  This function is used by pythons sqlalchemy and other similar
564: Count the number of segments in each line. This function is used to count how many characters are present on any given segment,
565: Generates possible pairs from input array that sum upto given total using recursive method."   } ]]] . "}
566: This function takes in an angle and converts it to the corresponding index of waveform. It's used by other functions
567: This function takes in an input of type STRING and returns the first character as upper case. It is used to convert all
568: A function that returns the alignment of content in flex container.  It can take one argument which is either 'Flex start
569: Adds two vectors in three dimensions. The input is represented as lists of numbers, where each list represents one dimension and the
570: Code to calculate the remainder of division by an integer.  Given two parameters, it calculates and returns one number which is
571: Computes the minimum of four numbers, considering only positive integers and nonnegative real values as valid inputs to function min3 .
572: Convert ID to integer. If the input is an id, return it as number; if not convert and process accordingly with '-
573: Convert names to JSON string format. If the input is less than one character, or if it starts with - , space then
574: This function returns the values of all variables in given list.  It is used to get value from multiple variable at once .
575: Convert an integer string to list of integers. The input is the number as represented in base n, where each digit corresponds with
576: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with given semi major axis and length from center to edge in cm^3
577: A function to get the extension of files based on their formats.  It uses an association list with file extensions and corresponding output
578: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet that demonstrates usage with some examples, if necessary."  ```(
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide in input string. Output is list with indices where it'd be wrong to
580: Save the user inputted questions and provide feedback on whether they have successfully stored them in database . If not then return error
581: Compute the mean and variance of an array using simple iterative methods on one pass through data structure .   [...] "
582: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It checks if input is less than zero and returns error message
583: Returns the latest semantic or numerical part of filename. The function is used to get versions from filenames."   [END
584: Returns the maximum depth of parentheses in string. For example, "(())()" returns three because there are exactly two
585: A function that implements the Rectified Linear Unit activation. It returns one if input is greater than or equal to zero
586: Generates the non central moment of an arbitrary distribution with given parameters. The function takes three arguments - Mean, Variance
587: This function removes the zip or bsj file extensions from filenames.  It uses regex to match and replace .
588: Create unique IDs by combining the region' s name and its parent country. If no such information is provided, it returns
589: A function that sums two digts.  It takes in the first and second digit, adds them together to get their sum
590: A function to remove all line breaks from the given string.  It replaces each new Line with nothing resulting in clean text
591: Normalizes the input string by replacing double quotes with single and vice versa.  It also handles empty strings gracefully."
592: Skip the execution of an object's method if it is not defined.   [...]"[.](object)"
593: This function returns the number of complete "words" in an array. It is used to count how many times it takes one
594: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. It is used to find out largest number that can
595: Checks if the third element of two lists are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true .
596: Calculates the total number of records in table.  If no record exists, returns zero .   if there is at least
597: Convert Mels to herzes, an audio frequency unit in human hearing."   }]], "code": [{
598: A function to replace newlines in the string with <new_line>.  This is useful when you want your output
599: Returns an option string with the given name and optional/defaulted ‘value’. If 'val' is falsey
600: Returns the best action to take based on current window size and desired bandwidth, which is determined by dividing through one minus its
601: A function to convert hexadecimal string into binary. It takes an input of type 'value' and converts it
602: Computes the kernel scale factor based on number of points, samples per point & dimension . It is used to normalize data
603: A function to convert the tuple representation of software versions into string format.  For example, '(1 .  3 )
604: Creates an object that generates future values.  The value is generated based on the input string 'key'.
605: Remove the first line of non-"!!", and any subsequent lines that start with !. If no such pattern exists, return
606: Generates the density of an atom at given height in grams per cubic meter. The function takes two arguments, heights and
607: Create URLs based on the provided data type and station ID or name .e..g, NOAO'S average
608: A function to abbreviates the given argument. If it is empty or contains only parentheses, returns an empth list
609: Creates an interpolation function.  The result is the value of 'val' between two other values, which are specified
610: Verifies the requested column names against an array that defines which are permitted. If not, it throws and error message with details
611: Checks if two numbers are even divisible.  If they can be divided equally, return true; otherwise false."
612: This function returns the precedences of operators in arithmetic expressions. The higher number means lower priority." . ${code_
613: Function to get the size of recording region in machine time steps. The function takes two arguments, number and timesteeps per
614: A function to get the specific part of an 'Event' string.  If it is about experiment deletion, then return
615: This function finds the first occurrence of module in given list. If not found, it returns #F otherwise return its position or
616: Create map function to convert list of responses into one line description.  Map each response in the input array and return an output
617: Checks if the given string is equal to any of its transformed versions. If it's not, then checks against all
618: This function calculates the hexadecimal number of an integer. It takes one argument, 'n', and returns its
619: Generates layer names. If no specific suffix is provided, it generates the default one if there's an index; otherwise
620: A function that takes an IPv6 address and returns the inverse of it.  It does so by splitting into components, revers
621: Code returns all the invalid values in given list of tuples.  It filters out those which are not lists and contains
622: Check if the number is triangulatory. A sequence of numbers where no two consecutive terms sum to greater than that term
623: Defines the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  The first number is chosen if it's less than or equal to
624: A function to get the columns of an input list. It takes two arguments, one is number and another argument are lists which
625: Removes remapping entries with the given string as their common preamble.  The result is all remaining elements of "
626: Inserts new lines in the given input. The function takes two parameters - an initial sequence of characters and how many positions to
627: This function takes in two parameters, an element and list of elements. It filters out the given 'element' from all other
628: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'Yes', return true; if not, returns false or nil .  Code
629: This function takes in the name of an audio clip and returns two filnames, one with ' - A' appended to
630: Checks if there is any sequence of $'s in the given list. If so, it returns true; otherwise false
631: Flatens the inputted lists.  The function 'append' is used to combine all elements of two or more sequences into
632: A function to convert degrees, minutes and seconds into hours format in location name or number of the day based on input parameter "
633: Returns the plural form of an English word. If input is more than one, returns 'es'. Otherwise it just return ''
634: Counts the number of items in 'numbers' that are bigger than given value. 	Input - List, Number
635: Code defines function that adds spaces between elements. 1st argument is the string to add as space after, if not empty
636: Function to get value by given pair's list and its keys. If the first element of each tuple is equal with provided
637: Convert F to C using the formula of converting from degrees in one scale temperature, and then convert it into another with an equal
638: This function checks if the given string is palidromic. It uses recursion to reverse and compare each character of input
639: A function to calculate the triangluar number of an input integer. The formula used is base on indexing, where
640: Convert the number to string representation, with special cases handled by specific conditions in place of general case where no conversion is made and
641: Checks if the probability is within valid range. If not raises an error with appropriate message and returns it otherwise return Probibility
642: Finds the largest prime factors of an integer. If no primes are found, returns 'undefined'. This function is used
643: Checks if the given string is reference type. Returns true or false depending on whether it's an ampersand followed
644: This function calculates the CSI of an asset. The formula is derived from historical data and it's used to measure
645: Returns the DSA Constansts if available, else returns them. If not present then it will return default values as
646: Calculates and returns angle difference between two angles in degrees, taking into account if one or both of them are negative values as
647: Generates the dependencies of each component in 'comps' based on its information from "compile.scm".  It
648: A function to calculate the number of frames in an audio clip. The size and shift are used as parameters, where 'f
649: This function returns the weight of syntactical role. The roles are S, O and X . It gives three points to
650: Function to move the robot by one step in any direction.  The function takes two arguments, position and movement vector(s
651: A function to calculate the slope and y interception of linear regression. If inputs have valid numeric types, it returns their
652: Filter based on coverage of the given sequence with respect to its length and start/end index within an interval, returning true if
653: checks if the intersystem crossings are possible based on reaction multiplication factors and spin sums of reactants, products respectively . If
654: Returns the input string with all leading and trailing whitespace removed.  This function is used to clean up data before processing
655: Computes the dot product of two 4d vectors. It takes in input as vector pairs and returns their respective scalar products
656: This function calculates the offset of one specific command.  It takes in three arguments - 'register's position, and
657: Returns the ID of an object. The function takes two parameters, 'ID' and its corresponding data structure name which is used
658: Compares two items based on the number of characters in their name. The comparison is case sensitive and only considers alphanumer
659: Checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than or equal .94, which means that they are approximately equally
660: A function to find price levels based on the given order prices and their respective directions of preference in relation with each other, i
661: A function that escapes special characters in user names. It replaces underscores "_" with the character &#x
662: Create an oneline description of the function.  The display name and unit are retrieved from hash reference 'metrics'.
663: This function takes two lists of files, and returns the list with only those that are not in 'moved' but still
664: Generates an HTML anchor tag.  The string to be used is the URL and its corresponding text in brackets followed by
665: This function finds the first even index of an array. It uses built in functions to calculate sum and apply on list elements respectively
666: checks if all the elements in list are alphabetical.  If so, returns true; otherwise false . The input
667: A function that returns the appropriate question form based on what kind of extraction is being performed.  It takes in an argument which
668: Checks if the input is suit. Returns true or false accordingly . 1/3 of total cards in deck are hearts
669: This function tests if the bit at given position is set in an integer. It does so by performing and operation with power of
670: Add dokuwiki markup at the beginning of each page in wiki format."    .md' | tee -i
671: Returns true if the given object is of type 'section' and its value equals to string literal “file history”.
672: A function to generate an unordered list with hyperlinks.  The arguments are the link's text and its url format
673: Extracts metadata from the given 'rows' object.  It removes GUId and recID fields, then conver
674: A function that returns the binary representation of an integer. If input is less than two, it will return zero otherwise one."
675: This function calculates the modular multiplication of two numbers. It takes three parameters - 'A', ‘B’ and ''
676: Finds the opposite of given input. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be either 'left',	'right
677: A function that returns the plural form of each string in list.  It uses map and lambda to iteratively apply an
678: This function takes in an input string and splits it into individual parameters. It then stores these as elements of another list,
679: Get the last part of an AWS ARN.  This function takes in one argument, which is assumed to be AARN
680: A function that gets the label dummies from vertices. If it's an int then adds one to get next index
681: Preprocessing the text by replacing tabs, newlines and carriage returns with spaces.  This is done to make it compatible on
682: A function that calculates the correct direction of an earthquake. It takes into account if it's going to be up
683: Convert the given input into lines of list.  For example, "Hello\World" will be converted to ["Hellow
684: This function takes in two parameters, the first is Quad Key and second one API key which will be used to generate URL
685: Returns the corresponding arithmetic operator function from an integer. If not found, returns false; otherwise true if successful and result of
686: This function strips arguments that are either "-I", or"--IMPORT".  It recursively calls itself on the rest of
687: This function calculates the DBOT Score based on given input. The higher value, indicates better performance in detecting bot
688: Computes the square root of one divided by another.  This is used in computing variance and standard deviation calculations which are common
689: A recursion based solution to the knapSACK problem. The function takes in two lists of integers representing profit and weight
690: A function that returns the index of best model among four models. The first one is better than all other, second and third
691: A function that reads in text files line by ‘line’ and adds features to the corpuses. It is recursive
692: Normalises the given string to be used as path. Replaces '.' with '_' and replaces | character in between
693: Generates mapping table name.  [domain] -> _mappings_(domian)_name   .e..g
694: This function checks if two numbers are of the same parity. It does so by checking whether their modulus is equal to
695: Sets the value of 'X' to None if it is empty.  Otherwise, returns X as given by user input in
696: Constrains the given number to be between two values.  If it's greater than maximum, return that limit;
697: Checks if one rectangle is within another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." (defun check
698: A function that takes in two arguments, an input vector and the power to which it should be raised. It returns another list
699: A function to get the gender of an individual. The input is assumed as 'm' or female, and returns either male
700: This function converts the first character of each word in an attribute string to upper case. It's used as part or
701: Merge two dictionary into one. The second dict's keys and values are added to the first ones, if they have
702: Code to determine the library extension.  If 'shared' is true, return ".dll", else returns "static lib
703: A function that calculates the weighted average of an RGB value, with weights assigned to each color channel respectively and then sums them
704: Converts the given string to underscore format.  For example, conversts 'myName' into '_My
705: A function that applies soft thresholding to an input. If the value of 'x' is less than ‘lmb
706: A function that checks if all characters in the input string are valid.  It only accepts alphas, numerics and
707: Split and trim the input strings.  Input is split on comma, then each resulting subtring gets trims spaces around
708: A function to manually order commands in the command line.  It takes as input an ordered list of all possible   commmand
709: Parses boolean value from string. If the parameter is empty, it returns false; if true/yes or ‘
710: Convert frames to milliseconds based on the given frame rate and number of total pixels in one row/column .   The
711: Code defines the function next pow of two. It calculates and returns first power value that is greater than or equal to given
712: Finds the first capital character in given subscript. If no such char exists, returns #F .   Code length :
713: Convert temperature from one unit to KELVIN, Celsius or FARENHEIT using the given input value
714: This function checks if the input string is one of three predefined strategies.  The return value depends on whether or not
715: Generates fractional string representation of the input parameters. If no data is provided it returns 'noData'. The result will
716: Convert CD to uHZ. Code snippet that converts frequency from centidecimal notation into hertz,
717: CRC calculation function.  This is used to calculate the cyclic redundancy check of some binary or textual information using
718: Get the domain of an input list. If not in form [a,b], return first element else if second level nested
719: Adds an optional message about the status of last run to input strings.  If 'launchers' is true,
720: Returns the dimensionalities of columns in dataframe.  It checks if input is list, then it will check first element and
721: Checks if the given filename has an extension. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending on whether there is
722: Decrements the GPIO Pin Index by one. If it's not within valid range then throws an error message stating that
723: Returns the color of an pixel at position X,Y in Image. If it is out side bounds returns black (#RGB
724: Returns the weight of an object in box based on its size; if it's less than or equal to .49
725: This function checks if two lists are equal. If they're the same, it returns ‘True’; otherwise '
726: Function that calculates the temperature rise and loss on surface given operating parameters of an electrical machine, with input being in kW
727: This function takes as input the name of any given weekday and returns an integer representing that same time slot. It maps each
728: A function that simplifies the arithmetic expressions. The expression is to be simplified by adding one number and another, with multiplication
729: Detection of the language used in CUDOA kernels.  It detects if there is ' __ global' or '_
730: Merges all the elements of multiple lists into one. If no input, returns an empty array; if any nonarray
731: A function that generates unique names from the given list of tests. It uses recursion to generate each new element until it reaches
732: A function that masks the sequences by replacing certain parts of them with different characters depending on their position in relation to other elements
733: Convert Gigapascal to Liters per second, given in the input parameter "V" . This function conver
734: Calculates the Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. If one of them is not valid, it throws an error message
735: Generates n grams of the given string. If length is not divisible by five, appending additional spaces to ensure
736: Normalizes the given string by appending an optional prefix to it.  If no additional text is provided, only returns original
737: A function to format the output of an analog or alternate clock.  It takes two arguments, 'modes' and its
738: Generates the path to an attached file given its number and name in pascals problems directory based on their numbers, returns
739: Returns true if the string is empty or null, false otherwise.  The function coerses void values to #F and
740: Parses an input of the form '<Parent> <EdgeLabels...><Child>  into three elements in order.
741: "A function that returns the landscape of two dimensions"  .  ```.   `` ` `` '' ''.'''
742: This function removes the space between numbers in an expression. It takes as input parameters that are lists of strings, and returns another
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability. This function takes an input string that represents the name of some kind or object property
744: Converts hex color to RGB. Code is based on the algorithm used by browsers and other similar software like Photoshop
745: Find the number of pairs in which one element is smaller than its previous and larger then by at least two steps. If there
746: Convert underscore separated string to all caps.  For example, input 'hello_world' will output Hello World .
747: A function that computes the difference between two sequences. It takes three arguments, one is an integer sequence and another are integers
748: A parser that takes an argument in the form of 'width x height' or just width and returns its size as three elements
749: Applies the default function to all elements of input list or pair. If element is not present, it returns its initial value
750: Checks if an IPv4 address is link local.  Returns true or false accordingly."; (provide/_make
751: A function that calculates average of elements in list. It takes as input an ordered collection and returns its mean value, i
752: A function that calculates the power of an iteratively. It uses recursion to calculate exponentiation by squaring method,
753: Finds the number of rooms at least as far away from any room in given list. The distance is measured by using '
754: A function that calculates the remainder of an exponent in constant time. The calculation is done using fast multiplication and division, which
755: Code defines function pluralization. It takes two arguments, an integer and the word to be plurialized into account when
756: A function to get the tuple of an element from list. If it exists, returns that value; otherwise return false(#
757: A function to add two vectors.  It takes in one vector and another, adds them together element by elemnts using
758: Code defines function to round down number upwards until the nearest lower integer that is also an exact multiple of two. This makes
759: Check if the first element of one list is in another. If it's not, then continue checking with rest elements until
760: Generates the US AF and Wban of each Station.  Used in conjunction with other functions to generate unique identifiers that
761: Check if the number is power of two. If yes, return true else false . (check whether an integer has odd
762: A function to check if the current user has required roles.  It takes two arguments, one is 'role' needed and
763: A function to escape keywords that are considered as special in Lisp.  It checks if the keyword is one of '(
764: A function to compute the product of all elements in list. If input is empty, returns false; if only one element left
765: Returns the length of string. The function is used to get number characters in input strings, excluding spaces and punctuation marks
766: This function takes two parameters, the name of an input file and its corresponding prefix. If it starts with '.' then return
767: A function to validate the type and return it if its in list. If not, throw an error with all possible types available
768: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points.  It takes as input, pair of coordinates and returns square root summation
769: Combines the names in list of strings. If there are no more elements, it returns an empty string "" .  It
770: Computes the products of all numbers in an array except itself. For example, given [3 ,4] it should return
771: A function that converts boolean values to their string equivalents. If the input is not one of those four types it throws
772: A recursive function to find the second occurrence of _ in given strings. If no such character exists, return length minus one
773: This function calculates the zoological index of an animal based on its size in cm^3 . It is used to
774: checks if the given number is even or not.  1 returns true, otherwise false . Code snippet to be used
775: A function to check if the given string is one of 'b' or not. If yes, then return true else false
776: A naïve tokenization function that splits the input string into tokens based on spaces. It's not very efficient
777: Sanitation of ID.  If input is string, check if it'll be an integer; otherwise return the same value
778: Parses the URLs into pairs of neighbors. The first element is always an owner, and then one or more friends
779: Convert string to numerics and return the result. If no unit is found, it will convert only numbers from given input into
780: Splits the given collection into subcollections based on an identifier. The function splites when it encounters that id
781: Clean the input string by replacing spaces with underscores, removing parentheses and commas. Replace hyphens (-
782: Convert an Array to String.  This function takes in one parameter, which is the input list of numbers and converts it
783: This function sanitsizes the given string by removing any @ symbol.  It takes in one argument, which is assumed to
784: Calculates the leverage ratio to use when maximizing margin in an asset allocation strategy. The input is maximum risk adjusted portfolio return
785: A function to calculate factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time complexity O(n
786: Generates an Indented GenBank record.  The input is the raw genomic sequence and two integers, representing how
787: This function takes in an array of links and returns only the ones that have valid references to months. It uses lambda expressions
788: A function to check if the given string is true. It checks whether it's equal with 'True', or yes,
789: This function returns the appropriate filename based on which option is selected in an interactive environment." (code):"   .
790: This function takes in an input, splits it into lines and then each line is converted to numbers.  It returns the
791: This function takes as input an integer and returns the same number of elements, but with all zeros removed from each element.
792: This function finds the end index of each line in an input list. If it is at its first position, returns false;
793: A function to clamps the input within given range.  The output is always an integer, but it can be converted back
794: Checks if the input is palidromic. It uses two pointers technique to compare characters from both ends of
795: A function that removes the private attribute name from an object.  It takes two arguments, 'attr' and '_'. The
796: Code defines an exact 1 element function that returns the first item in its input list if it exists, otherwise raises Value Error
797: Get the target to install.  If no specific package is provided, return its own identifier as it's not an installed
798: Find the ARN of an AWS SNS Topc. Returns false if not found or no client is set in current Session
799: A function to get prime factors of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization, so it's very efficient
800: Create and maintain an index of known sequencer technology.  This is used to quickly lookup the correct sequence model when given specific
801: Creates and returns an object representing transaction data. – .   -> A hash with the given parameters, where each
802: Deletes all occurrences of the elements in 'deletelist' from given input.  For each occurrence,
803: A function to generate string representation of the game's players and their respective points. The input is list with each element being
804: This function calculates the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule over time, with initial values and end times specified by
805: Computes the total of all digts in an integer. Code is recursively computed by dividing and adding each digit until
806: A function to find the difference between two lists. It works by checking each element of first and second if it exists in both
807: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in
808: A function to get log formater based on the level of detail required. It returns either simple or detailed formatting according as
809: A function that checks the current and maximum length of an input sequence, then either pads or trims it according to its dimensions
810: A function to check if the string starts with two double underscores. This is used in some of my functions where I
811: A function that calculates the cross product of three vectors. The input are two lists representing vector components, and it returns one
812: A function to generate the label of stream.  The format is "sample_rate"_channels""block size".
813: Remove leading spaces from each string in the list.  This is useful when you want to compare strings with different indentation
814: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two 4d points. This is done by subtracting corresponding coordinates and squaring each
815: Returns true if the given string starts with "===>".  This is used to identify error messages in logs.
816: Calculates the sum of squares.  Input is an array/list and returns its square root, or if not possible then
817: A recursive function to convert decimal numbers into binary. It converts the input string representation of an integer or numeric value
818: A function that maps the given `command` to its corresponding state. It is used in mapper functions of various types like
819: A function to mark the occurrences of certain terms in an array.  It uses dictionary data structure as input and returns
820: Counts the number of whitespaces in string. The input is one character at time, and if it'a white space
821: Code defines function mul that multiplies two numbers. The result is the product of input and an extra factor, which in
822: This function returns the base part of given string as per dot separated formatting . For example, if input is '13
823: Converts string to boolean. True values are represented by 'Y',   true, yes or on and is equivalent of
824: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given string.  It is used to ensure that input data remains consistent across
825: Transform data in the given 'SheetData' object.  This function is used to convert all values from one format
826: Converts temperature values from one scale to another."   .eoln)))    Code snippet used in the
827: Convert KODICodes to ASCII.   Code is converted from .KODE file format into an equivalent as simple
828: This function calculates the potential energy of an atom in liquid crystal dynamics using Lennard Jones's equation with given parameters
829: Generates SQL WHERE clause based on the input column list. If there are no conditions, it returns an empty string; otherwise
830: Convert English to PIG Latin. Code is used as an example of how the function works with strings and characters in Python language
831: Returns the type of event that occurred. If no match is found, it returns an empty string; otherwise return one among several
832: A recursive function that flattens nested lists.  It takes as input an arbitrary list and returns the flat version of
833: A function that calculates the expected number of overlaps between two sets. It takes three parameters, one is 'total',
834: A recursive function to convert register ranges into binary. The conversion is done by dividing the range in half at each level
835: A function to convert the number of Days into seconds. The conversion is from DAYS TO SECONDS .  1
836: Checks if two rectangles intersect.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false or undefined respectively."   [...]
837: This function returns the points of circle with given center and radii.  It is named 'circumscribe' because it
838: A function to find the header and page break in an input list of strings. It uses recursion with accumulation, so
839: Returns true if the input number is prime, false otherwise. Uses an optimized method to check primality by storing previously computed
840: A function that calculates the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in as input vector pairs and returns their corresponding scalar
841: A function that converts list of tuples to mark down format. Each tuple contains the name and timestamp in hours,
842: Returns the given URL with its http:// replaced by https. If it is already using HTTPS, returns same as input
843: This function checks if the given argument is an auto or not, ie., either it's number equal to '0
844: Returns the result of subtracting vector ‘v’ from another. It is equivalent to map function with (-).'s
845: This function checks if the first element of xml list contains gpredictor. If yes, then it returns that value otherwise prints
846: Returns the plain text value of an object.  If no such property exists, returns false or nil otherwise .  	;
847: A function that appends an element to the end of list.  It uses recursion and conditionals .  1/
848: This function returns only the field names of an object. It filters out any non strings from list 'field' and return
849: Computes the relative difference between two values, taking into account both their weights and configuration strings in order to compute an appropriate scaling
850: Trims the given string to fit within specified number of steps. If it is longer than required, pads with provided token until
851: Removes sequentially identical elements from the list.  The function is recursive and uses filter to remove duplicated values in
852: A function to sanatise markdowm.  The input is the raw string, and it returns an escaped version
853: A recursive function to solve the Tower of HANOI problem. The input is three pegs, and we
854: Compute the score of cards in hand. The card with highest value wins, and each subsequent higher valued face is worth twice
855: A function that generates post data with specific domain name and other parameters .   } ) ")")'s return value is
856: Generates the name of an FUZZER module.  This is used to load and use specific types or modules that
857: A function that generates an ordered list of file paths from the given keys. It takes in one argument, which is supposed to
858: sanity check the resource names.  It replaces hyphens with underscores and appended 'Reso' before
859: A function to find the first key that exists within an inputted list. If none exist, it raises Key Error with specified
860: Converts hexagonal coordinates to triangular. This function takes three arguments, each representing the XYZ coordinate of one
861: Reads the file at given path. If it exists, returns its absolute name; otherwise return relative one as fallback."
862: Generates list of keywords in different case forms.  "Upper" - lower, and title form respectively .   '
863: This function gets the 'User ID' from either an input dictionary or two keys in that same structure. If neither of these
864: A function that returns the maximum value between two numbers.   [Solution] Code :(let ((a .1 )
865: A function to add an amount of spaces at the beginning or end each line in input string. This is useful when you want
866: Checks if the given dictionary is of format required by single alerting system. It checks whether it has an 'alerts
867: Expands the bound box by increasing its height.  It takes two parameters, an initial set of four numbers representing lower left
868: A function that returns the list of features associated with each given 'Feature Number'. It uses conditional statements to return different lists based
869: A function to compensates frequency of elements in the list.  It takes two lists as input, one with element frequencies and
870: Computes the squares in range from 0 to n. For example, compute all squared numbers upto m using "
871: get non null values.  Returns the first valid string in list of strings or 'nil' if none found, else returns
872: Function that inverts the order of characters within an input string.  Inputs are strings, outputs will be reversed
873: This function scales down the dimension of an image. If there is no valid input, it returns zero as default value or if
874: Counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count how many times each digit from left
875: This function replaces all backslashes (\\) with newline characters.  It is used to decode the message from
876: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output, but squaring each number in that lis. The
877: A function to describe the current level of water in an air sample. The value is interpreted as percentage relative Humidity,
878: A function to convert lightness value from linearized modeline color space. The conversion is based on the formula used in X
879: This function calculates the margin of error in centimeters. It takes as input an integer representing some measurement or quantity,
880: A function that takes in two arguments, an RGB triplet and another number. It returns the same colors but each of their
881: Create mask of bits. Code generates bitwise representation in the binary form with all set to one and rest as zeroes up
882: Creates and returns the command to create soft link from source file 'src' → destination directory/file '.dest'.
883: Round the given number to nearest multiple of provided Divisors. If positive, round up if greater than half else down .
884: Check if all digits of the number are eigths. If yes, return true; otherwise false."
885: Converts the input ASCII character to binary. The result is in reverse order of original sequence due by using remainder operation
886: This function takes an EdgeList and converts it to Node Paths. It does so by collecting all the nodes in each
887: Check if the number is palidromic. 10 digit numbers are considered as being 'PalinDorm'.
888: A comparison function that compares two strings. If they are equal, returns zero; if the first string is less than second
889: Convert string to an HTTP URI. If the input is not valid, return it as provided but with http scheme appended if
890: A function that takes an array of numbers, and returns the result from applying 'bit wise OR' to each number with its
891: Returns the major part of an integer representation.  For example, if you call _getVersion '10', it will
892: This function takes in an ordered list of records and returns the names associated with each record. It uses map to iteratively apply
893: A function that returns the value of 'b' when called with arguments from zero to nine. This is just an example,
894: Checks if the given string is an IP address with shhorthands or not. If it's short, returns
895: A function that takes in one character string and returns two substrings of the same length. If there is only single letter,
896: Convert strings to booleans. For example, convert 'true', True and False's case insensitive conversion . The
897: Returns the checksums of each row in 'spreadheet' list.  The sum is calculated by subtracting minimum from
898: Calculates the value of an error in terms. If input is number, returns its negative; if not return "none".
899: Convert the given string to cammel case. For example, input 'hello world' will output as HelloWorld . This
900: A function that calculates the RPM of an analog signal. It takes three parameters - number counts, time and frequency respectively
901: Computes the precision of an algorithm that is only considering one class.  Given two numbers, computs and returns their ratio
902: This function filters the input list to return only those elements that are either " D" or “ m/d”.
903: Get the schema version of an Android Manifests.  Returns nil if not found or invalid .   [END] Code
904: This function takes an atom name as string and returns its constituent atoms' names list if it is valid otherwise displays error message
905: This function calculates the number of tricks needed to play all rounds. It takes an argument that is list containing player objects with
906: A function that converts binary combinations to an integer. It takes in the string representation of binaries and returns its decimal equivalent
907: This function calculates the number of layers in an octagon. It takes one argument, which is assumed to be "height
908: Compute and return an estimate of how much one needs to resolve in order list elements based on their respective values within some given
909: Returns the sum of all zeros in each list within given matrix.   [1pt] (defun emptyb
910: Convert bool to string. If input is number, return true if non zero else false; otherwise raise error with message not an
911: Convert binary to integer.	Inputs : Binary number as string, Output is the equivalent of that in decimal form .
912: Function to remove duplicates from list.  Uses recursion and member function in Scheme language."  ```    `
913: Generates a string representation of the last three elements in each list. If they are all zero, it returns an empty
914: A function that squares its argument. – Code Name : square_func .  1 line only, no arguments or results
915: Tokenizes input by breaking it up into individual word or tokenized elements.  It uses the provided vocabulary to map
916: This function returns the namespace of headers in an HTML document. It uses hash table to store and retrieve data, which is useful
917: get the ip, id and position of one or more switches. if no such information available it returns false . If there is
918: Checks if the two bits are equal. If not, returns false otherwise true .  "   [END] Code Summary
919: This function calculates the area per pixel from an image's dimensions. It is used to determine how much of each cell
920: A function that returns the fraction of time in between two given times, or zero if they overlap but never cross each other."
921: Computes the Walliser's Product, which is used to approximate Pi by using an infinite series of factorials and products
922: A function that checks if the input number is zero. If it's not, then recursively calls itself with one less
923: A recursive function that checks if there are duplicate entries in the list of member names. If so, it removes them from
924: A function to calculate the regularization parameter 'lambda' in Bregean Regression.  The formula is derived from K
925: Decodes the byte data from an Apertures's Chunks to Frequency Stop Value .   "."    Code
926: This function checks if the timeout is valid. If not, it exits with an error message and stops execution of further instructions
927: Clean string input from white space.  If 'na', return an empty strng, otherwise returns original values" . $
928: A function that converts dates in the format YYYYMMDD to ISO 8601. If there is
929: A function that generates regex patterns to match strings followed by the given string.  For example, `((following "\." ".
930: Checks if the given list of results is constant. If yes, returns true; otherwise false . "   ". Code checks
931: Code defines the function round to nearest integer in Scheme language, rounds numbers towards zero and returns closest lower or equal number if
932: A function that returns greeting based on the language.  Code is in Spanish, German or Swedish." .  ```
933: Converts the eCalendar Course Code to lower case. If it is not valid, returns original input as string downc
934: Checks if the number is power of two. If yes, returns true else false." Code : Check whether
935: A function that assembles coordinate information. 3D coordinates are assembled into one hash object with keys 'X', '_Y
936: Returns true if the file name is not production related.  False otherwise .'s" ;(checker/
937: Returns list of predictions as boolean values. If prediction is greater than or equal to the given "threshold", it returns true
938: A function that adds three to the value of its input. This is just an example."  ``` ```    Code :
939: Generates list of unique GUIDs from the given input.   .    Code is used to generate one line summaries
940: Calculates the incrementally updated average of 'n' numbers. The first number is used as initial value, and each subsequent
941: A recursive function to calculate the sum of digtis in years. It calculates how many times it takes one digit from
942: Generates the URL of about page from Facebook's user name on one line only"  .(end defn )
943: A function to return the smallest common multiple of two numbers. If both are equal, returns that number itself; if one is
944: find the index of an object in list. If not found, return -;n . if so returns its position within that
945: A function that multiplies two vectors elementwise. If one of the input lists is empty, it returns an empy list
946: A worker function that prints its input. ## ```  -->  ``A simple, printable version of the
947: A function that returns the constant value of an amplitude. It takes two arguments, 'x' and "amp". Returns its
948: A function that takes in one argument, and if it is not already wrapped by an unwrapped procedure then wraps the
949: Defines an add one function. Adds the number passed as parameter to it and returns result plus One . e g.,
950: Returns the reaction name. The input is assumed to be in EX format, eg., 'C10H38
951: Converts km per hour to meters seconds.   Code by [Your Name] on date .'s input of '
952: OR function.  Returns the logical result of two conditions combined with an 'Or' operator in Scheme language."   [
953: A function to return the line style based on an input. If no match is found, it returns 'K'. This will
954: Checks if two numbers have the same number of significant figures up to specified precision, considering both integer and fractional parts as
955: This function returns the type of an astronomical body given its ID. It is used to determine what kind or category it
956: Creates an output of the given input.  For example, if you pass in '1860349
957: This function formats an input string into the format of "IssuePrefix - Issuenumber". It splits up and
958: Converts latitude and longitudes from decimal to MAVLink format. The conversion is done by dividing the input
959: Checks if any dictionary in the list matches with given criteria. If yes, returns that specific match; otherwise it will return
960: Returns the minimum follower ratio based on input parameter. If no match, returns zero .'s" --->
961: Deletes all notifications from the given user. The function takes in two parameters, 'name' and  	'a notification dictionary
962: Convert string to boolean or float. If not possible, return #T/#F if the input is 'True' /
963: A function that returns the value of buttons in an array. If number is even, it will return empty list; if odd
964: Finds the item in 'items' that is closest to number given by ‘pivot’. The function returns one
965: Calculates the bandwidth of an audio signal. The formula used is base on sample rate and bit depth, where each byte represents
966: This function returns the minimum & maximum of an integer array or empty if there are not any elements in it .  It uses
967: Computes the moving average of an array using closed form solution.  The input is two parameters, one being 'i'
968: A function that calculates the Rayligne's Z value.  This is an example of how to calculate ray
969: Create bound box of two points.  Use min/ max function to find the smallest and largest x,y coordinates respectively .
970: Get longest strings from list. If the input is empty, return #F; otherwise get and returns all substrings with maximum
971: A function that checks if the state of an object is changing or not. It does so by checking whether there are more than
972: Computes the Intersection over Union of two bounding boxes. The IOU is defined as IoU = ∩ /
973: Calculates the missing number in an ordered list of numbers. The input is two parameters - '(missingnumber [list
974: Checks if all the elements of 'element' are present in any keyword list.  If yes, returns true; otherwise
975: Calculates the surface margin of an approximate boiling point and its real value. The formula is used to calculate how much more
976: A function to get the required details from an input dictionary. It takes in one parameter 'data' and returns three values -
977: Convert object to integer. If the input is number, return as it's already an int; if string representation of such
978: A function to reverse the DNA strand.  It replaces all occurrences of 'T' with another character and
979: Checks if the input string contains either dots or hyphens. If it does, then returns #false; otherwise return true
980: This function is used to get the name of tensor with given input and slot number.  It returns string that contains concatenated
981: Parses the version number in semantically correct manner.  It splits by '.' and converts each part
982: Checks if there are any CIGAR operations that contain an insertion or deletions.  If so, returns false
983: A function that calculates the asymmetric peak of two peaks in time domain. It takes three parameters - initial and final times
984: Checks if two widths are the same. If they're both numbers or lists, it checks their values; otherwise
985: Code defines function to get the 'user' name from given object. If it is dict with key named as `“Owner
986: Checks if two axises are the exact equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise checks whether their
987: This function takes in three arguments and returns the cross product of them.  It's used to compute dual triangles,
988: A function to find the maximum sub array sum in an integer list. It uses dynamic programming approach and keeps track of previous sums
989: A function that calculates the percentage of yields. Given an 'actual' and theoretically, it returns how much percentages
990: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT. Code is written in LISP language
991: Get destination key from the source.  It is used to generate and get keys in one place." (end of file
992: A function that wraps an input to the check if it is within given limit. If not, returns error with message and
993: Checks if the given URL is from discords media server or not 	Inputs : A string representing an internet protocol
994: Returns the Ontological ID of an IRI. If it's orphaned, returns 'Ordo'. Otherwise return
995: This function takes in the name of an application suite and returns its corresponding description. It uses string splitting to separate out different components
996: get the first matching ressource by its given 'name' in list of all available.  if no match found return #
997: Generates headers row in the digital marketplaces table.  It is used to generate rows with question labels and their corresponding indices
998: Returns true if the input is empty, false otherwise.  A cast to none type in lisp .   Code :(
999: Counts the number of nonzero elements in an input list.  Given by filter and length functions combined with lambda function
1000: A function that returns the attachment file's filename.  Returns 'name or type'. If no argument is provided, it
1001: A function that returns the subwords of given word in grammar. It takes two arguments, 'Token' and Grammar;
1002: Defines an integer ceiling function. It takes two arguments, divides the first by second and returns its ceil value i
1003: Returns true if the first character of string is dot and last one isn't tilde. It checks whether file name ends
1004: Checks if there is an element at the given position in sequence. If yes, returns true; otherwise false."   }
1005: Recalls the first 'n' elements of list and returns their average. If there are less than n candidates, it will
1006: A function that divides two numbers. If the second number is zero, it raises an error message stating 'Cannot Divide
1007: Calculates the horizontal position and depth after following commands. The input is list of strings where each string represents one movement in form
1008: A function that finds the minimum value in each column of an inputted list. The result is returned as another one with all
1009: This function returns the appropriate resource query based on its input. It checks if given string matches with any known types and then return
1010: A function to parse test lines. It splits the input string into two lists, one of student's answers and other
1011: Check if the given string is in any of list elements. If yes, return true; otherwise false." Code
1012: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'TRUE', it returns TRUE, if not FALSE or any other value will return
1013: Convert picoMoles to moles in the conversion factor of methane and thione per mole, respectively .   [
1014: Returns true if the input number is in form of summation series. Otherwise, returns false or null value depending on whether it
1015: Combines all the rules in `listofrules` into one string, with each non empty result separated by an 'AND
1016: Converts milligrams to grams using the conversion factor of .   [x]."} ]])]]"
1017: A function that checks if the first element of list is not equal to 'Depart' in some cases. If it isn
1018: Checks if the given string representation of day and month are valid. If so, returns #T else return false . It
1019: Defines the arguments needed to set up an optimization algorithm.  For methods Levenberg–Marquardt, B
1020: Returns true if the list is not containing any string that represents an item in line items. Otherwise, returns false . The function
1021: This function is used to get the parameter name of an expression. If it's part or independent variable, then return its
1022: Find all non isomorphic matroids in the given set.  The function takes as input an ordered list of sets, and
1023: Computes the amount of water needed to deposition in m^3/s at constant pressure and temperature, given initial volume
1024: A function that returns the internal IP address of given machine with specified id in network topology .'s formatting."
1025: A function that returns the reflection of coordinates in 3D space. The input is three numbers, representing an X Y Z
1026: A function that checks if two dictionaries have the same keys and values. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false
1027: This function takes an input of type string and returns the same output as its argument, but with leading/trailing whitespace
1028: A function that takes three arguments, normalizes the input to be within specified range.  The normalized value is calculated as raw
1029: A function to generate the header name. If it's first time running, append bin and its index number; otherwise return
1030: This function replaces the '-' character with '_', and replace all '.' characters in string.  The result is returned
1031: Returns version of configuration. If no such key exists then returns default(which defaults). This function fetches 'configuration/build
1032: Calculates the cost of substituting one character with another. If both characters are equal, costs twice; if either or all
1033: Calculates the overlap score of two strings based on their lengths, and if they are equal it returns half otherwise zero .
1034: A function that checks if the given line exists in file. If it does, returns true; otherwise return False."
1035: A function that sums all the elements in an input list.  It uses recursion to sum up each element of given sequence
1036: Checks if two numbers are equal or their sum is zero. If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code sn
1037: Split the URI into segments. If it starts with /, split by slash; else just return as is .'
1038: A function that checks if two shapes are the same. If they have equal dimensions, it returns true; otherwise false."
1039: checks if one given element is in the other.  It uses recursion to search through lists." (defun test
1040: Function to calculate the area of triangle. Inputs are two numbers, returns one number - Area in square units." (
1041: Checks if the input is not none.  If it's either null, undefined or an empty list/ vector /
1042: Extracting the first nonempty string from dictionaries. If no such String exists, it throws an error message stating that there
1043: A function to get the connection string.  The database name is passed as an argument and it returns combined with other parameters of
1044: Creates or updates the color of an event in given data set.  If no arguments are provided, it returns current colors
1045: Code defines function to filter out all the matching records in list of record. It uses string downcasing and ormap/
1046: Checks if the input number is even. If it's an integer, returns true; otherwise false .   Code sn
1047: Returns the recall of an algorithm based on true negatives, false positives and total positive samples in negative class or zero if
1048: Checks if the provided passcode matches with what's stored in memory.  If it does, returns true; otherwise
1049: Generates blursbs from biographies. If the bios are short, it returns them as is; if they
1050: This function extracts the message id from given string.  It splits it into two parts based on ':' and returns
1051: This function aligns the spacing of sentences in two lists. It takes into account whether each list contains long or short sequences
1052: A function that calculates the Term Frequency. It takes two parameters - 'documents' and "document terms". The
1053: Encodes an array of rules into one single rule. For example, [0,-3] becomes 'abc'. This function
1054: This function calculates the nth FIBonacci number. It uses recursion to calculate fib(n). The
1055: A function that converts notes into frequencies in Hz using the C Major scale .'s frequency of each note from middle c
1056: Finds the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. If no such line exists, returns #F; otherwise
1057: Get the file encoding to use when writing files. If 'for Writing' is true, return utf – - . u
1058: This function generates the API endpoint URL. It takes in one argument, which is typically an api path component and returns it as
1059: A function that converts an EPSGAcronym to its corresponding string representation.  If the input is not of type
1060: Write all the content of an array to file.  This function is used when you want write data from your program into files
1061: checks if the result of an operation is within given tolerahce. If it isn't, then returns false
1062: Create an oneliner description of the function. This one should be concise, easy to understand without going into detail about
1063: This function takes as input an uppercased string and returns the original, capitalized version. If it is given no argument
1064: This function calculates the modified average of an array. It takes as parameters, two numbers and one number to be rounded off
1065: Code defines the function GetCRprobas. It calculates probabilities of changing color intensity based on pixel area and exposure time."
1066: Check if the input is valid target dimensions. Returns true or false depending on whether it's possible to create an image with
1067: Generates the equation of line passing through two points.  The function takes as input three parameters - one point and another to
1068: This function calculates the square root of an input number using Herons method, which is more accurate than traditional methods such as
1069: Returns the display name of an user. If their usernames are longer than ~39 characters, it appends three
1070: A function to convert the inputted 'Speed' in km/h into decimals representing time required at that Speed.
1071: A helper program that adds the means and variances together. It takes in four parameters, each representing one number or vector respectively
1072: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two values.  If 'less than or equal to' is true, it will
1073: Computes the element at position I, J and K in an N x M matrix. It is based on indexing from
1074: Converts decimal degree to Direction, Minute and Seconds. It uses the floor function in order not rounding
1075: A function to unnest list. It takes in an arbitrarily nested lists and returns the flattened version of it
1076: Checks if the ACKs files exist in given paths.  Returns #true or false accordingly .   Code length :
1077: Code defines recursive function to calculate FIBONACCI sequence. It uses lambda functions and let rec in order not
1078: Create or get the number of CPU cores. If not supported, return one thread as default value if 'single' is true
1079: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in one parameter, the first number to multiply and another paramter
1080: A function to check if the given string represents an integer in base 'n' that can be represented as HEX. If
1081: A function to extract parameters from documentation strings. It uses the string prefix and recursion techniques of Scheme language, but it
1082: Remove blank lines from input.  The function takes an ascii art representation of the text and returns it with all its
1083: This function checks the height of each wall in an array, and returns their minimum value. If no such values exist it will
1084: Implement an insert sort function. (END SUMMARY.)```    Code explanation and usage examples are omitted, as they
1085: Checks if there's any price above the given "threshold". If yes, returns #true. Otherwise it will
1086: Determine the type of key algorithm from its name. This function takes an RFC8417 compatible
1087: Adds .CSS extension to the given file path. – Code Name : add css extenstion function "
1088: Returns the delta value at given position in array. If it is first or last element, returns zero else return negative of current
1089: Checks if two lists of file names are the same. If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned."  }
1090: Calculates the maximum possible amount of money that can be spent on items within an item's price. The function takes three
1091: A function that pads each sequence in the input list with an optional token. If there is no padding required, it simply returns
1092: Creates an object representation of the load balancing pairs.  This is done by mapping over each pair and creating hash objects
1093: Computes the maximum nesting level of parenthesized expressions within an array. If no matching pair is found, raises exception
1094: A function that returns the rightmost digit of an integer in base four. The number is incremented by one and then taken
1095: Checks if an element is in the list of potential failures.  If not, it will return false; otherwise returns true
1096: This function returns the input if it is of type 'strin', otherwise, an empty str.  It's used
1097: This function adds the string ' more stuff' to each list or hash in input.  It uses cond clause with two cases
1098: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value
1099: Calculates the frequency of capturing in each given windows.  This is done by applying sum to map function over all captured
1100: Checks if the given character is an opening bracked.  Returns true or false accordingly."   }"}));
1101: Returns the class name of an object. This function takes as input one argument, which is assumed to be in form 'namespace
1102: Convert frequency from Mels to Hertz.   Code is used in the creation of music synthesis algorithms and digital signal processing
1103: This function is used to convert the dictionary object into an ordered list of key value pairs. It's called when we
1104: checks if the given number of vertical lines will fit in one row. The function returns true only when there is exactly on line
1105: Transforms the given string to lower case, replaces slashes with underscores and stars/doubles in names
1106: This function extracts the environment version from an input string, if it'll be “release” then returns 'x
1107: checks if the input is in mixed case. 0/1 character check, no other conditions are required to be met .
1108: Code defines the function to calculate greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and Euclid's algorithm
1109: Returns the fancy label of NDs. The number is represented as an integer in base d, where $ denotes dollar sign
1110: Compare two lists element by elements. If the lengths of both are not equal, return zero as result to indicate that they'
1111: Compute and return coordinates in which each cell is located within an n x m rectangle. The first element represents y coordinate,
1112: Convert string to bool.  If the input is 'true' or equal, return true; if it’s false/
1113: checks if the new and old states are equal in terms of their 'state' values.  It does so by comparing each
1114: A function to set the username of an account.  The 'strategy' is used when determining what method should be applied
1115: Convert Snakemacs's style of naming conventions to title case. For example, input 'snakedef
1116: A function to format numbers that will go over the limit. If number is greater than or equal, it appends ' +
1117: Code generates an expression with the same structure as input, but each pair of conses is evaluated one at time. If it
1118: A function to parse an input string and determine if it represents the command 'turn' followed by some arguments. If so,
1119: Returns the winning party information.  This function is used to get data from dictionary 'result' and return its value corresponding with
1120: Generates the name of txt file based on input id and eras.  "era": refers to year, 'ID
1121: This function takes in the raw text of an individual Github "GIST" and returns just its ID. It does so
1122: Checks if the given input is numerically.  If it's number or string that can be converted to numeral
1123: This function calculates the position of an object in linear motion. It takes as input its initial or current postion, target
1124: Checks if the given numbers can be summed together to form an integer. If they are, it returns true; otherwise
1125: Converts an inputted STRING to its equivalent LIST of NUMBERS. The function works by converting the
1126: Convert false values to none.  This function is used in the context of an object that has some form or method which may
1127: Convert decimal to octa... .  17.06934, -> 	     ...    ..."
1128: A function that returns the intersection of all sets in an input list.  It uses map to apply 'set' on each
1129: This function takes in the list of tuples representing maxima and min values from two lists. It then creates new maximum
1130: A function that returns the device's sysName. It retrieves information from given stubs and return its value as string
1131: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the same list with all leading/trailing whitespace removed.  It
1132: Normalizes an inputted month to the closest whole number. If it is not in its expected format, returns error message stating
1133: A function that checks if the coordinates are within board. The top left corner is at position(x,y). Size of
1134: A function that sums two lists of numbers. If they are not equal in length, it raises an error message stating so and
1135: A function to calculate the digit sums of positive integers. It uses recursion and division operation as its main logic, but it
1136: Calculates the percentage of elements in one list that are shorter than another.  If both lists have equal length, it returns
1137: Calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its mass and speed in m/s units, where "I" is inter
1138: Function to generate NBA Season Code. If input is valid, returns corresponding team's abbreviation; otherwise displays error message
1139: A function that computes the error between two numbers. The absolute difference is used as an approximation of division by zero, and
1140: Returns the intersection of two lists.  The result is another list that contains all elements found in both input sequences, but not
1141: Generates the string without newline characters. Useful when you want to avoid unnecessary processing of strings with line breaks in your
1142: Code defines the next power of two. It takes an integer as input and returns its closest larger positive square number which is also
1143: Strip whitespaces from the given string.  It is similar to strip() function in Python but it does not support regex
1144: A recursive function that generates all possible nonempty sub strings of the inputted String. It does so by generating each character
1145: Generates the order of keys in 'readables' dictionary based on their values.  The result is returned as list .
1146: A function that returns an infinite list of elements from the intersection between two lists. The head and tail are determined by input parameters
1147: Convert the given argument to boolean form. If it is already in boolen format, returns as such; if not then tries
1148: Returns the type of devices as per their count.  It takes in two arguments, one is list and second argument can be
1149: Returns true if the given '(x . y)' coordinates are inside of rectangle defined by top left and bottom right points.
1150: Calculates the total number of seconds from hours, minutes and second.  	Example usage :(calculo de los mil
1151: A function to construct publish commands with extra steps appended on top of the default ones generated by PyPI's build process
1152: A function to clamps the value of 'X' between two given values.  It returns X if it is within range
1153: Calculates the sum of all non zero indexes in each list within ‘(calculating sentence length’). The result is
1154: Computes corrected and then normalizes the percentage of each species present in different ranks. Normalizing is done by dividing all
1155: Replace all occurrences of an element with another. The function is recursive and modifies the list it's
1156: Check if two MAC addresses are close enough to be considered equal. The function takes in the string representation of one, and another
1157: This function returns all unique groups in the given list. It uses recursion to find these groupings and stores them into an
1158: A function that calculates the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in one argument, an array representing either vector '
1159: Returns the first Event in ABI matching provided name.  If no such an 'Event' is found, it returns #
1160: Check if the http error is due to rate limiting. If so, return true; otherwise false."   .    Code sn
1161: This function takes an integer as input and returns the upper nybbles of it. The result is another number which represents
1162: This function checks if the list of worker and asynchronous map is empty or not. If both are present, it returns true
1163: This function calculates the classification error of an algorithm. It takes as input one parameter, which is assumed to be m+
1164: A function to check if the input is in lower case.  It uses recursion and checks each match one by on until
1165: Normalizes the input. If it is one of boolean, string or not values then returns as they are otherwise converts to
1166: A function that concatenates two lists of musical notes. It takes in the first list and then each note from second one,
1167: Classifies the first character of an input string as alphapetical, numerial or special. If length is more
1168: Trim the last character of each line in string. If no characters are left, return zero; otherwise returns length plus one
1169: This function checks the validation status of an application and returns one or more SVG file names based on that check result."}
1170: Checks if the HTTP status codes that can be retried are present. This is useful in handling temporary issues on servers,
1171: Checks if the given regular expression matches any of provided patterns.  If none match, returns false; otherwise true .
1172: This function calculates the total number of kicked points in two teams.  It takes as input metadata and returns an integer
1173: Merge two queries based on the conditions provided. If any of them are true, appends to result list otherwise it will
1174: A function that returns string concatenation of the word 'hello' and input parameter.  For example, getText('John
1175: A function to calculate the time difference in milliseconds. The input is two timestamps, and returns how many ms
1176: A function to convert degrees into arc minutes. This is an example of how one can write such functions in Scheme programming language
1177: A function that takes an array of strings, splits them into individual elements and returns the frequency count. It uses list processing
1178: A recursive function to flatten nested lists.  If the input is not of type '( or empty ) then it
1179: This function sanitsizes the destination by removing any leading slash. If no input is given it simply returns an empty string
1180: This script defines the function produced by, which takes an input of type string and returns its corresponding value from hash. If no
1181: Returns the element at index 'i' in list. If out of bounds, returns false or nil respectively." (#
1182: Code to subtract two complex numbers.  Input is list of the form '(num real part imaginary)."
1183: A function to parse and handle options related with the sz image format. It takes two or four parameters, depending on whether
1184: Create an interpreting function that returns the language of given filename. It's based on mapping files to their corresponding languages and
1185: Count the number of occurrences in string.   Code snippet to be used with any language that supports strings and
1186: Extracts the filename from an uploaded file.  If it'll be used as part of URL, then remove its
1187: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an extended Euclidian algorithm. The result is returned
1188: Generates the output file name based on input parameters. This function is used to generate an appropriate and unique string that can be
1189: A function that returns the name of an agent's behavior strategy. The index is used to determine which specific type or version
1190: This function takes an ASCII representation of the first player's hand and returns its corresponding number. It also checks if it
1191: A function to calculate the Sidak correction factor, which is used in statistical hypothesis testing and confidence intervals computation."   [END
1192: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The input is given as 'n'. It returns its value
1193: Checks if the binary representation of an integer is on. If it's off, return false; otherwise true or -
1194: A function that returns the list of natural orbital occupation numbers from an input file. The data is read in chunks and stored
1195: Returns the external name of given Stack.  This is used to generate unique names that are not clashing with other stacks
1196: A function that implements the PRelu activation. It returns an element if it is positive, else return zero or 'alpha
1197: Generates the filename of parameter sweep data.  The file is named with an appended string to indicate that it's
1198: A function to clean up the list of marker positions. If there are more than or equal number, it will reverse and take
1199: Generates the filename from given string. If it's an image file, then returns its name without extension and if not
1200: Defines the function that adds two numbers.  If both inputs are integers or floats, it returns their sum; otherwise
1201: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'true', it returns #t, if not '#' then return false or
1202: checks if the first string is subset of second. 1 means yes, else no . Code will return true or false based
1203: A function that flattens the inputted nested lists into one single, flat level.  For example if you have [
1204: A function that removes the given string as its common or preffix from any other strings.  If it is not found
1205: Converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. If the input is already in string form, it returns as such
1206: A function that generates wheel color based on position. The input is the postion of light in range from -inf to inf
1207: Splits the input parameters into individual strings.  It handles commas as delimiters between values in each parameter set
1208: A function to choose the color based on layer type. Conv Layer - #ff8c1a, Pooled
1209: Extracting version from tags. If the string starts with '.' or '-' followed by v then return it as is,
1210: A function to compare two strings. If the string is shorter, it will return an error message and stop execution; if they
1211: A function to calculate the time it takes from an electric vehicle's charge station.  The input is power, KWH
1212: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and returns 'n' times itself minus one until
1213: A function that calculates the credit multiplier based on an index of floors in building."  	     .   ```python
1214: Check if the given ID is valid. If it's not, return false; otherwise true." Code sn
1215: Given the positive threshold, returns its negative value as an approximation of √(e). Code is used to calculate e
1216: A function that takes in an array of arrays and returns the summation “min” from each subarray. It applies
1217: This function picks the first file with suffix .txt in list of files or returns null if no such exists and also checks whether
1218: Flatens the field of specified name.  "play" is used to denote that it's an ongoing game, and
1219: Sorting list of tuples by second element in ascending order.  Takes into account the type system and handles
1220: A function that returns the text content of an XML Element. If no such attribute exists, it will return false/undefined or
1221: A function that returns the origin of an admin level one entry. If it is not from 'US', then return its conversion
1222: This function takes two lists as input and returns their element wise sum. If the lengths of both inputs are not equal, it
1223: Returns the list of domains associated with given URL.  This function is used to get all domain names from an input string or
1224: Expands the given string to have one trailing dot if it doesn't already end with . in input String - expand
1225: A function that removes leading spaces from string. It uses recursion to handle nested strings and does not modify non-"space"
1226: Returns the path to ICD 10 CM codes file"s description .csv "file".   Code is used in
1227: Checks if the given string is gzip compressed. It checks by reading and comparing with magic number of .gZip
1228: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It checks if either number is negative and, in that case it simply takes its
1229: Checks if an email or phone number has numbers in it.  Returns true/false based on the presence of any digit
1230: A function to convert the given number into its corresponding name.  The input is assumed as an integer that represents either 'dem
1231: This function calculates the median of three numbers.  It uses conditional statements to check which number is smaller or larger and returns
1232: A function to generate JKYLL URLs.  The input is the relative or absolute filepath, and it will
1233: Returns true if the given environment is one of FLINT's supported environments.  Otherwise, returns false . This function helps
1234: Counts the unique numbers of antennas visited.  It uses hash to keep track if an antenna has been seen before,
1235: A function to calculate the noise peak of an audio signal, given its amplitude and noisiness level in dBFS (-3
1236: Checks if the input is numeric. 1 = true, anything else false .   Code snippet to check
1237: Compare two configurations. If they are equal, return true; otherwise false."  [END]  ```    } ```
1238: Computes the average of all non empty records in given dictionary based on keys and values from another dict, where each key is
1239: Checks if the number is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true or 'maybe'. The
1240: Check if the given object is transmitters.  It's based on whether its name ends with ' tx'.   This
1241: This function takes in an input and returns the sentiment of that number. Positives return 'positive', negatives are returned as
1242: Verifies if the source is supported format. 1/3 of all documents are .DOC, and other files have
1243: A function to strip illegal characters from the input string, allowing only alphanumerics and underscores "_" , "
1244: A function that returns the percentage as string. If percent is greater than or equal to two, it rounds and converts into
1245: 获取特定控制器的节点名称.   [character,efftorNmae] -> string
1246: Checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by creating frequency counts and comparing them,
1247: Sets the current setting of an output or input device.  The parameter specifies which one to set, and what its new state
1248: A function to calculate the score of an item in linear scale based on its position relative from another one, with lower positions being
1249: Generates an artist's name and number of following. 	Input is the dictionary containing information about artists, output will
1250: Extracting International Phone Informatics Number. If the number is not valid, it appends missing digits to make its
1251: A function that converts list of strings into sentence.  If the input is an empty string, it returns nothing; if
1252: Move the robot according to instructions. The position of current and new positions are returned as list [x, y]. Direction
1253: Convert input to table format.  If the given object is dictionary, convert it into list of values in tabular form;
1254: Finds the virtualization info of an instance in given list.  It takes two arguments, first is vio' s
1255: A function that takes one argument, scales it by 1/p and returns the result of quaternary easing.
1256: Check if one string is the subkey of another. If so, return true; otherwise false .   Code length :1
1257: A function that converts all lower case letters in the string to upper. If input is space, returns it as output without
1258: Checks if the given function is inerta.  If it's not, then checks its parameters to see whether they
1259: Function to calculate the MUNSLL value of an object at one moon's age given its yearly temperature variation in
1260: This function returns the string representation of an integer. If it's zero, one or two then return "number", else
1261: This function takes three lists as arguments and returns the number of elements in each list that are not equal to "FootBall
1262: This function unsets the specified 'bb' position in binary representation of an integer. It does so by performing AND operation with
1263: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. If the input is not valid, return #false; otherwise convert it into H
1264: A function that replaces all '%' characters in the given string with '%.', used by namping tools.
1265: Convert the given string to its corresponding level of importance or urgency in terms “Severities” : Information, Low
1266: A function to format the solution string. It checks if it is either 'code' or starts with def/ class and returns
1267: Remove characters from string.  Uses recursion to iteratively remove specified chracters in the given input strings and returns
1268: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet with conversion formulae used and its description in the
1269: A function to calculate the fuel required by an object given its mass in kg, rounded down and then subtracted from twice that
1270: A function that returns the normalized vector.  If given with more than one argument, it will normalize by dividing each
1271: Checks if the given path is on storage. If it'll be used to store files or directories, then return true
1272: Converts the given date string to canonical format. If it's empty, returns an emtpy strin;
1273: This function takes as input the current data format, and then transposes it according to one of two predefined formats.
1274: Decodes the string from CP 937 encoding to ASCII. The function checks if there is an accentuated
1275: Removes the special characters and spaces from input string.  Used in login authentication process to prevent unwanted user inputs like "
1276: This function checks if the given number is within valid range of numbers from zero to nine. The input should be an integer or
1277: Checks if the string contains any numerics. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false or empty list depending on whether
1278: Decodes an ERD integer to its decimal equivalent. Code is written in Scheme language." (check if the
1279: A function that takes three colors in the range [0, FF] and returns their combined color. The result is represented
1280: This function takes in three arguments and constructs an URL. It concatenates the given strings with '/' as separators to
1281: A function that displays an error message and then exits the program. This is used to handle HTTP errors of status codes other
1282: This function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from c -> f = ((
1283: Returns 'Success' if the money is positive, otherwise returns an error message. Code checks whether or not to give change based
1284: A function that determines the group size based on file sizes. It takes an input of filesize and returns one outof ten
1285: Trim whitespace from both ends of the string.  Replace PEP with just 'pep'. This function is
1286: Checks if the input string is in one of three base states. A, T or C are considered as bases and any
1287: Remove adjacent duplicates in array.  It checks if the first element of an input list is equal to its second, and
1288: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Usage example :( _gdc  18   7 )
1289: A function to remove trailing slashes from strings. If the string starts or ends with '/', it is removed, otherwise
1290: Check if the file extension of an URL is not .txt, and return true only when it's one or more extensions
1291: A function to check the correctnes of syntax in multiple .scm scripts. It checks if all model dictionaries are valid
1292: Computes the confusion matrix elements based on target values. If both are ones, it increments all counters by one;
1293: Convert the number of input bit to megabits. This is useful when you want convert bytes into more meaningful units like
1294: Convert an entity name to plain text.  For example, if the input is 'sales' it will return '_'.
1295: Decodes an array of ID'S to their corresponding names in the given dictionary. If no such name exists, returns #
1296: This function takes in two parameters, the position of an object on its plane and then returns it's new coordinates. It
1297: This function takes in the name of an object and replaces any underscores with _boundary. If it contains another
1298: Create function that returns the separating character used in string formatting.  It can handle pipe, comma , space and tab
1299: A function that returns the button pressed given mouse position and list of possible options. If no option is found, it will
1300: Compute color based on the given labels. If no match, default to black."   .replace("\n", " ")
1301: Returns the coordinates of paths in "(list ...)" format. The function filters out any empty lists from input list, and
1302: Returns all numbers in the list.  It uses recursion to traverse through each element of inputted array, and if
1303: This function checks if the input number is prime or not. It uses an optimized list of primes to quickly determine whether any
1304: Parses the string if it contains ':' or '\t' and returns its value. If not, just return input
1305: Checks if one set is subset of another.  It uses the mem function to check membership and recursion on rest elements
1306: This function returns the score of an answer based on its number humans who are answering it, with some special rules applied to certain
1307: A function that takes two positions and returns the sanatized version of them. The position is either increased by one or decreased
1308: Returns the standardised version of input string. If it is empty or not in String format, returns #F; otherwise return
1309: A function to calculate the smoother estimate of an estimator. The input parameters are three numbers - 'N' is total
1310: A recursive function to calculate the fibonacci sequence. It uses memoization technique, storing intermediate results in an
1311: Finds the id of an entry in 'Metadata' table with given name.  If not found, returns nil .
1312: Converts the first three characters of each input to its corresponding number. If none match, raises an error with that message
1313: Returns the polynomial with coefficients given in 'coefficients'. The degree of resulting function is calculated by taking power to length.
1314: Get all names in the given dictionary.  This function is used to get keys of any input data structure that supports key access
1315: Convert decimal number to string. This function converts the given integer into its equivalent ASCII character representation, which is then returned
1316: Calculates the weight of an object in cubic meters based on its mass and volume, using Einstein' formula to convert from gr
1317: checks if two lists have common elements.  It uses recursion to check each element in the first list against all other listed
1318: A function that takes an angle in degrees and reduces it to the closest multiple of three times one degree. If negative, adds
1319: Computes the derivative of KF with respect to density – used in kernel function estimation and Bayesian filtering .   [
1320: This function takes in an input tuple and returns the same output as it is, but with each element of its list structure replaced
1321: Code snippet to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach. The function takes in parameters
1322: This function filters out the empty elements from an input list. It does so by recursively calling itself on each element in turn
1323: This function projects vector '(xx,yy,...,zz)' onto the basis vectors of 3D space. The result is
1324: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding directory number. If it's even, adds one to its value
1325: A function to convert identifiers into strings. If the argument is already in string form, it returns as such; if not
1326: Check if all elements in the list are unique. If yes, return true; otherwise false .   [Hint : use
1327: Convert string to float, removing leading and trailing percent signs in the process of conversion." (code)"   }"
1328: Calculates the JACCARD similarity between two lists.  The function takes in as input one or more sets of numbers
1329: This function normalizes an input list of numbers by dividing each number in the given 'array' with its corresponding sum,
1330: This function maps an input number between two ranges to another. The mapping is done by scaling and shifting the range of inputs,
1331: Checks if the given list contains at least one '@@' symbol. 	Inputs : List of symbols, Output
1332: Code to calculate the next day's temperatures. It uses recursion and stacks of pairs, where each pair is an
1333: A function that calculates the total cost of all items in three different lists, taking into account their prices without dollar signs and
1334: Get the legacy msg id by its name. If it's start with MSB_, return SBC_. Otherwise, use
1335: A function to extract the items from an Instagram Wall. The result is in hash format with keys as :like, repost
1336: This function takes three parameters - string, an integer and another one which is the number of characters to be moved. If '
1337: A function that formats the given path. If it is not an absolute file, returns '(default)' if no formatting
1338: Convert the id of an object to be used in requests. This function splits its input into three parts and combines them with
1339: A function that converts the input in cm to metric system. It takes as an argument one value, which is assumed be
1340: Creates and returns an RFC 3479 formatted trace log entry. The 'sender' parameter is optional
1341: A function that returns the sign of an input. If it're less than zero, return '-', if greater then '
1342: This function returns the FIBONACCI number at position 'n'. It uses recursion to calculate. The base cases
1343: Calculates the cost of moving given number 'distance' units. The function uses recursion to calculate costs, with base cases
1344: Converts all the first letters of each word in input to upper case. For example, if you pass 'hello world
1345: A function to convert the normalized value back into its original form. The input is normalised and converted from one scale of measurement
1346: A function that calculates the value of an element in Pascal's triangle. It takes two parameters, 'i',
1347: Checks if the string representation of an expression is valid according to its parameters. Parameters are checked against two numbers, and
1348: Find the smallest header level in .md files. The file is read and split into individual 'header' levels by '#'.
1349: A function to handle actions on findings.  It filters the list based upon provided input and returns appropriate response."   .'
1350: A function to calculate the hour angle in degrees. It takes as input an integer representing hours of daylight and returns its corresponding
1351: Inserts the third argument into list at position specified by fourth. The first two arguments are lists to be inserted between."
1352: Computes the density of an object. It takes three arguments, namely 'mass' and "volume". The function returns their
1353: A function to limit the result of SQL queries. 		   .eox				. eoX									    ...
1354: A function to create an empty board of the given dimension.  The result is returned as list, where each element represents one
1355: This function takes as input an angle in radians and returns its shifted scale. It shifts it by one unit to left,
1356: Conversts dB to watters. This is used in the calculation of power consumption on wireless devices such as lapt
1357: Computes the position of forward stranded reads. If read is on reverse complement, then it computs its pos in same
1358: Returns the list of elements at specified indices from input array.  If index is not in range, returns an empty vector;
1359: A function that subtact one from the stream id. If it is greater than zero, then return original else if there are
1360: Check if the given 'dimension' is an overflowing or overcrowded place. If it returns #true,
1361: Returns the maximum value that can be achieved by taking one or more items from given list. Items are considered in order of
1362: sanity check the input string to make sure it'll be processed by our function without any unwanted characters or errors;
1363: This function calculates the objective value of an optimization problem. It takes as input four parameters - summation quantum, first term
1364: A function that replaces the values of specific keys in an object with new ones.  The input is two arguments, one
1365: A function to get all unigram phrases from the given list of sentences.  It checks if there are any elements in
1366: Code to remove the common abbreviations from names. This function takes in one argument, which is presumably an English full or
1367: A recursive function that calculates the nth power of two. It checks if value is zero, in which case it
1368: Returns the linear index of an element in 1D array. The indices are zero based, and it is assumed that there
1369: Check if the first three characters of an ISA data string. Returns true or false depending on whether it is valid .
1370: This function splits strings by length. If it cannot divide evenly, one segment will be longer and additional iterations may occur
1371: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be an English sentence. It returns the number of characters that are not
1372: A function to convert all sets in the input into lists.  This is useful when you want your data back as if it
1373: Returns the bit at position 'index' in binary representation of number represented by integer value. "byte" is an input parameter
1374: A function that generates the reachable matrix of an undirected weighted connected network. The nodes in each row and column are
1375: Creates an URL string from the browser's IP and Port number pair provided as arguments to function getBrowserURL . The
1376: Generates random alphanumeric key of given 'n' characters.  If n is zero, returns an empty string
1377: Generates LaTeX command with specified prefix and suffix.  The body of the TeXiT is passed in as an
1378: Checks if two histoies are the same.  If they're, it returns #true; otherwise return false
1379: Flatens the input list. If an element of that is another List, it recursively flattns and concatenates all
1380: Find the closest item to given 'pivotal' value in list of numbers.  If there are multiple equally close values
1381: This function checks if the given 'tile' is one of DORA indicators. It returns true or false accordingly
1382: Checks if the end of chunk is determined by either beginning or ending.  If it's not, then returns false
1383: Convert number to human readable format, e..g., convert bytes into KB/MB or GB etc... .   [
1384: A function that calculates the number of digits after decimal point in an integer. If denom is zero, it returns
1385: Code to solve linear equation ax + by = c. If x and y are solutions, return them else returns message that no
1386: This function checks if two numbers are within the same range, returning true or false accordingly.";   Code snippet/
1387: A function that calculates the decay factor of polynomial regression models using an input parameter 'epoch'. The value returned is based
1388: Find the version attribute of an object. If it exists, return its value otherwise default to date added if not found in dict
1389: This function generates reverse DNS name from the given list of domain names and type (. in .int or • dot). The
1390: A function that calculates the minimum number of coins needed to make change. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and
1391: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is cached in memory, so it
1392: A function that adds up all the elements in an input list. It uses let to define variables and set them equal, then
1393: Generates the string representation of DMC tasks.  The format is "domainName - Task Name". It's used
1394: Finds the coordinates of neighbouring cells with lower values in an array. If there are no neighbours, it returns '
1395: A function that takes in list of pairs and returns the mirror image.  It reverses each second element with its corresponding first
1396: A linear interpolation function.  It maps one range to another linearly using the given min and max values of both ranges as
1397: Returns the error message from given list of reports. If no errors found, it returns an empty string." ---END
1398: Returns the full path of an inputted filename. If it is not absolute, prepends "./" to make sure
1399: Returns the subsegment of 's' that begins with given "pref" and remains unchanged. If it does not start
1400: Returns true if the given string is one of two special names used by _getinfo.  If it's not,
1401: Transforms the input string according to provided case sensitivity or insensitivity. If no transformation is needed, returns original value;
1402: Checks if the input string is composed entirely of non letters.  If it does, return true; otherwise false."
1403: Convert str to bool. If the input is 'True', it will return true, if not then false or yes/no
1404: Returns the three elements of input list.  If more or less than two items are in 'v', it returns an error
1405: Checks if the given object is an empty list. If not, it returns true; otherwise false .  It uses recurs
1406: A function to format the default value of tokens. It takes an input string and formats it with '*' characters on either
1407: A learning rate schedule based on the number of training iterations done so far, with different levels and rates at certain points in time
1408: A function to set the default KMER size. If an assembly tool is used, it will limit or adjust kmers
1409: A function that checks if all the letters in given string are unique. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   "
1410: Counts the number of lines in an .txt document. If there are blank new files, returns "-" as string representation
1411: Parses an XML attribute value to Boolean. If the input is not valid, it throws error message .  if true
1412: A function that counts the occurrence of an inputted string in list. It checks if each element is equal to or upper case
1413: A function that returns the square root of all numbers in input list 's'. The output is filtered to only include perfect squares
1414: Get the root URL of an URI.  Uses list to keep track and compare with prefix, if found returns it else
1415: Returns the relative difference between two sequences of complex numbers, or raises an exception if there are not enough zeroes in one sequence
1416: Replaces the rightmost occurrence of 'target' in each part with given list. If there is only one word left,
1417: A function that returns the version of django being used in custom context."'s .py file".   [END]
1418: Returns the given string with all non alphanumeric characters replaced by underscore.  It uses regex to replace them .
1419: Combines two results into one list. If both are lists, it appends them together; if only the first is not
1420: Create list of unique non empty strings from the given string.  "Input" is an array with elements to be filtered,
1421: A function that returns an error response when the request is not found in dictionary.  The status of failure will be set to
1422: A function that converts RGB color to grayscale using the formula of converting R, G and B into gray scale value
1423: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The initial value is given, and then it will calculate how far
1424: A function to combine two sequences of dates and records. It takes in one dictionary with keys as unique identifiers, value is
1425: Function to get data type of given input.  If the variable is string, returns 'Text'. For numbers it will return
1426: Check if the given number is float. 1/n -> n numbers after decimal point, .x or x =>
1427: Provide one line description of the function that handles errors based upon input parameter -> cacheHost/ThisProxy etc... .
1428: Checks whether the given input can be considered as comment. This function checks firstly that it's not an empty line
1429: Create whitespace. Returns string of specified number and type, either with or without using the builtin function to create newlines
1430: Returns list of directories in the given paths.  [#f] if no directory found, otherwise returns all existing directores
1431: Given two points and the direction vectors of one half space, compute distance from line to plane. The result is negative if it
1432: Computes the projection of vector ECEF coordinates onto one basis. The input is three numbers representing Cartesian components and two
1433: Checks if the number is odd. If it's an integer and its remainder when divided by two equals to one,
1434: A function to calculate the index of binary search tree node. The input is an integer and two bounds indicating where it should be
1435: Creates new strings by cutting the input in half.  It is similar to Python's slicing operation, but works
1436: A function to calculate the volume of prisms.  It takes two arguments, an 'area' and some base length in
1437: Converts the given graduation dates into readable format. It splits each string by '-' and converst it
1438: Parses the given string into its components. The first part is assumed to be an integer, and second one could contain
1439: Checks if the input is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true . "(number)"
1440: Reads the next line of input, skipping over 'n' number if specified. If no such skip is available it
1441: Checks if the first part of two strings are equal. If yes, then it returns true else false . This function is
1442: Appends the appropriate query filters to an existing list based on provided parameters.  The function append only one type of operation
1443: Defines the function float division. It takes two parameters, divides them and returns their quotient as floating point number"
1444: Defines the operation of negating two numbers.  It returns an equation stating that what is being done was to subtract
1445: This function filters out the unused channels from given list of transits. It uses hash to check if any transit has been visited
1446: This function takes as input the repetitions of each character in an array and returns maximum number.  It is used to find
1447: Checks if the input is blank. The function returns #true when it finds any non whitespaces in given strings, otherwise
1448: Displays all the provided error messages in an easy to read format. If no errors were given, it simply states that
1449: Checks if the given string needs brackets. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or empty line depending on input
1450: Convert the given text to bold or marker format. If it is already in either markdown style, return as such otherwise convert
1451: This function calculates the sum of all numbers up to and including 'N'. It does so by using arithmetic progression
1452: This function calculates the maximum importance of trajectory points. It takes as input an array with all trajectories' importances and returns
1453: Get longitude and latitute from the name of map tiles. The function splits by underscore, then takes last two
1454: Creates an object of type nonterminals.  The constructor takes two arguments, the name and child objects .   It
1455: Finds all disjoint sets in the list of elements. The definition is that two lists are said to be "Disjoined
1456: Parses an address string into its numerical value. If the input is in hexadecimal format, it will be
1457: Returns the number of digits in F(i). i is an integer. It uses recursion to calculate fibonac
1458: Checks if an argument is of type symb.y and not another pair, ie., it's either symbol
1459: Returns the Oxygen Abvndace of an atom in grams per mole, given its atomic number and mass as input
1460: A function that performs division of two numbers. If the second number is zero, it throws an error message saying 'cannot divided
1461: A function that calculates the current timeline step. If it is within range, returns given value; otherwise return remaining steps
1462: Compute the kth difference between two numbers. If either number is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise compute and store differences
1463: Counts the number of ways to tile an 'n' by using one, two or three tiles. The count is calculated
1464: This function partitions AWS regions. It returns the corresponding partition name of an inputted aws/region string, else it defaults
1465: Returns list of strings if input is string, otherwise returns the original value.  Useful to ensure that all elements in an
1466: Finds all unfinished neighbors of each cell in the given list.  It uses recursion to explore neighboring cells and back
1467: This function takes an input of "angles" and wraps it between -187 to +/-49. If
1468: A function that calculates the product of two numbers. If first number is zero, it returns 0; otherwise return multiplication
1469: A function that truncates the string to 'n' characters and adds an ellipsis if necessary. The length of original
1470: Switch the order of two numbers in list.  If first number is smaller, switch them and return as new pair; else
1471: A function to abbreviates the names of segments in Babel.  It takes one argument, which is supposedly either '
1472: A function to rounds scores in the list.  It uses map and defines another helper procedure, which takes one parameter of type
1473: Checks if point P is inside the box defined by Box B .  1/3 of an euclidean distance criterion used
1474: A function that cuts an object in three dimensions according to the given parameters. If abs(axis)/threshold is less than
1475: Remove HTML tags from text.   Code type : Python function, regex based solution to strip html tag .'s input is
1476: This function normalizes URLs. It checks if the given string is an absolute or relative path, and adds http protocol to
1477: A function to sanatise the text in one line.  It replaces all whitespaces with spaces and leaves other characters
1478: A function to convert URLs into file names. It replaces http or https with nothing, then removes any percent signs and
1479: A function to add two numbers. 1 input, one output - adds the inputs and returns their sum as result .
1480: Calculates the probability that an outgoing link is down given different rates and targets on two users, one from each side with
1481: A function that validates if the input string is an ASCII representation of some kind. It checks whether each character in it
1482: This function takes in two parameters, an RGB value and the number of steps to add. It returns another valid RBG
1483: "A function to simplify the names of files and directories in UNIX."  .     ,,,.    ) ;;
1484: This function returns the command line arguments as one string. It uses recursion to join all elements of an argument list into strings
1485: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence with memoziation. It uses recursion and has an iterative
1486: Converts an integer to its corresponding letter in the English language. For example, int -> 6 would return e and
1487: A function to check if the game has finished. 10/3 win ratio, draw or not finish . If any
1488: Create the tag of beam shape in two dimensions. The first and second elements are used to generate unique identifier."; (
1489: This function calculates the value of one part in terms.  .   The input parameters are :k, ,,, and
1490: Remove the score from an object.  This is useful when you want to remove information that might be important in some cases,
1491: Checks if two lists of tokens are the same.  If they're, it returns #true; otherwise - false
1492: A function that checks the health of jobs based on their temperatures. If job is above or equal to  > 64 degrees
1493: A function that returns the url to get information about an artist in specific culture and genders, using given parameters as API key
1494: A helper function to calculate the number of spaces needed in an array. This is used by _createArray and its subrout
1495: A function that adds one number or another if it is not already. It uses the cond statement and error procedure in Scheme
1496: Checks if the given variable is an ID with format Qxxxx or Pyyy. If it's not, returns
1497: Transpose of matrix. Code snippet to transposes the given square Matrix by swapping rows and columns using list comprehens
1498: Generates the reference to an object.  It's used when you want something that can be referenced by name, but
1499: Flatens the list of lists.  It takes one argument, which is supposed to be another nested structure and returns it as
1500: Returns true if the next type of object after 'x' is in given order. If not, returns false or nil depending
1501: Convert VRF name to BGP default or GRT. If the input is not recognized, return original string as it'
1502: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial learnigrate by an exponential factor at certain points in training progress, after which it
1503: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can distribute balls into bins. The distribution is done such that
1504: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach. If one number is negative, it
1505: Counts the number of dots in an inputted 'paper'. The output is total count. It uses two nested loops to
1506: Converts the given string to singular form. If it ends with 'es', converst into its base word without suffix
1507: Produce list of lowercased strings with 'x' replaced by an upper case letter and '_', replacing all occurre
1508: A function that displays 'Hello, world!' and then exits the program.   [Done] .   10 points
1509: A function that takes in an input string and returns the value of 'val' if it is less than or equal to zero
1510: Computes the sum of all powers in base b. The input is an integer number, and it calculates its digist
1511: This function trims the given string to its prefix and suffix of '++' or '-'. If no such characters exist,
1512: A function that performs bit wise AND operation on two IP addresses. It takes in the string representation of an IPv4 address and
1513: This function takes as input an English sentence and returns the same string, but with duplicate word removed. It does so by splitting
1514: Checks if the given string is an ID of disease. It should be exactly eight characters long and start with 'D'.
1515: Generates an unordered list of links to the GitHub Issues corresponding with each item in input iterable, formatted as
1516: Returns all possible combinations of elements in the list. The number and order may vary between calls, but will always return unique results
1517: A function to combine two integers into one. The result is the bit wise OR of both numbers, with an extra shift operation
1518: This function removes the specified string from end of input. It checks if there is any given prefix or not, and then it
1519: Incorporates methods to determine which part(parts/channel names in our context are used as 'frontals', or
1520: A function that performs linear interpolation. It takes three parameters, two points and the time 't' to determine where between
1521: Flatens all nested lists in one dimension.  If no more nesting, it simply takes elements of each sublists and
1522: Finds all the time points where there is an increase or decrease in voltage across channels from VM. This function returns two lists
1523: This function calculates the circumference of an ellipse given its semi major axis, length and mass . It is
1524: Returns the name of prefix associated with each type. For instance, if you have /etc/, it will return ""/".
1525: Checks if all addresses in the set are present as keys of given map.  If not, returns false else true."
1526: Removes plural form from the given list of strings. It also handles different languages like French, Spanish etc using appropriate rules and
1527: This function takes an object identifier and returns the IP address from it. The OID is assumed to be in dot notation,
1528: This function takes in an ISO formatted string and returns the equivalent API request format. It does so by splitting up parts of that
1529: Returns the minimum value in an array. If empty, returns zero or false if not applicable to that data type and null otherwise
1530: “Defines the function '(definedecodedefinedefficients)' that takes two numbers as input and returns their
1531: Code generates millions in scientific notation. It takes two arguments - the number to be converted and its position within string representation of result
1532: A function that finds the minimum and maximum of two numbers in an array. It uses dynamic programming to find all possible combinations,
1533: A function to choose one key randomly from the dictionary.  It uses random number generator of python's built in dict library
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to Public Url .  e..g., from https:/ / storage .. google cloud platform, convert
1535: Convert boolean to integer. If the input is true, return 'true' as an int else false or null will be returned
1536: Convert the given Ansbile variable' s id . It maps it into its corresponding json schema. If not mapped then throws
1537: A function that returns the multiples of an input number. It starts from zero and goes up to one hundred with increments
1538: Returns the canonicalized version of revision range.  The format is #[lower], or [upper]. If both are equal
1539: Converts hexadecimal string to an address. The input is the value in decimal form, and returns it as
1540: This function takes in an input 'variance' and returns the adjusted color value based on it, adjusting to stay within
1541: This function returns the size of an argument in bytes. It supports types void, int , long float and double . If it
1542: Convert uint  to array. The input is an unsigned integer, and the output will be converted into byte order of machine .
1543: Crystalline composition of certain elements based on their atomic numbers, with Fcc and Diamond cubic crystal structures as the default
1544: Checks if one chromosome dominantly surpasses another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."
1545: Sets the global Python logging threshold. 0 is silent, and higher numbers give more detailed output."; (end of
1546: Convert DSCP to TOs. The value is multiplied by four because the original values are in units of .1
1547: Code generates the key to sort columns.  It appends 'k' before non suffixes and prefix with zero if it
1548: A function that calculates the cube of an input. This is done by raising to power three using built in exponents
1549: This function returns the name of day based on given integer. It uses list to store days and then select from that using index
1550: Checks if the input string is not blank. If it's empty or contains only whitespace, returns false; otherwise
1551: A recursive function to calculate factorial of given number. The range is from one upto the inputted value(num
1552: A function to derefference YAML structure. It recursively checks if the given yml file contains $ ref
1553: Compare two integers and return the larger one. If they are equal, returns their value as is . Parameter description : '
1554: Returns true if the given dictionary has an entry with that name.  Otherwise, returns false . This is equivalent to Python'
1555: A function that checks if the file extension is valid or not.  It takes two arguments, an output type and path/
1556: Computes the gradient of an attribute function.  Inputs are two points, and outputs their difference multiplied by some constant
1557: A function that generates the string representation of button presses.  It takes three arguments - 'channel', an integer representing which
1558: A recursive function to interlace two numbers. The first number is the base, and each subsequent digit of both are dou
1559: A recursive function that computes the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are when 'n' is less
1560: Returns true if the given object is of type block.  False otherwise.";	   ; end define function" }}}
1561: Create an initial header row in the table.  It takes as input list of fields and returns corresponding rows with id, name
1562: A recursive function to calculate the fibbonaci number. It uses two parameters, 'previous' and "counter", which
1563: A function to compute the number of cores used in parallel computation. The maximum core count is set as four and minimum value should
1564: Returns true if the resource type control is not set or it's empty.  Otherwise, returns false . This function checks
1565: This function takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an expression with parentheses. It splits the string into
1566: A function to round off the given float number. The result is returned as string format of that value." (if false
1567: Checks if the given string represents valid Unicode character . in unixtime format or not, and returns true/
1568: This function takes an array of numbers and returns another list with the result from applying three times each number in input. Then it
1569: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It returns three values, first is
1570: Code defines functions to manipulate lists. The first function gets the head of any given element in an inputted 'x'
1571: Returns the customer id from an inputted string. The function takes in one argument, which is assumed to be of type '
1572: Returns the crystal system of an atom. The input is assumed to be in atomic units and should range from -0, or
1573: Parses the id from an url.  It assumes that there is only one slash in between each part of URL
1574: A recursive function to convert decimal numbers into binary coded decimals. It uses bit shifting and modulus operations in
1575: A function that calculates all possible combinations of length K from the string S. The combination is made by taking consecutive characters and
1576: A function to get the column index of elements in two lists. It checks each element from 'dest' list against corresponding item
1577: A function to fix the list of arguments passed in. It will recursively check if each element is either an integer or string
1578: A function that converts strings to upper case and splits them into segments based on the word 'COMMA'. If these
1579: Code defines the RosenBrock function, which calculates fitness of an 'individual' in multiobjective optimization problem
1580: A function that calculates the linear sum of two numbers.  The first number is added to its multiplied by an integer
1581: Clean up the string '(os)' in an OS related field. If found, return only first part of it else keep
1582: This function calculates the bounding asymmetry of plotkine's method. It takes two parameters, Δ and
1583: Decodes the path segment. If it is "/", then return "root". Else, if its %% or /
1584: Create an empty list of k length lists. Each sublists contains two elements, the first one is filled with 'n'
1585: A function that reverses the input string. It uses recursion to reverse strings by iterating over them character at time and
1586: A function to convert the numeric rating of an application into its string representation. The ratings are as follows -> Terrib
1587: This function takes two lists of predictions from CNN and AS models, respectively. It maps each prediction to the most likely class based
1588: Returns true if all values in the dictionary are numbers, false otherwise.  [1pt]   .'    '.'
1589: This function adds two coordinates. It takes in the first and second coordinate sets, then returns their sum as three separate numbers which
1590: Check if the given string is abeceidarly ordered. A single character or no characters are considered as being in order
1591: A function that takes two lists of numbers and returns the product matrix.  Each element in output is calculated as multiplying corresponding
1592: Calculates the remainder of exponentiation by squaring. If 'e' is zero, returns one and if it’s
1593: Generates the longest name in `names`.  For each element of names, it pads with spaces to make its length
1594: Generates all possible combinations of three elements from the lists provided. The first two arguments specify lengths and third argument is used to
1595: This function takes two points in 3D space and returns the reflection of one point about another. It calculates by subt
1596: Returns the average of all stored values in 'energys' list.  It is used to calculate and compare different types
1597: Check the duration of an audio file. If it is zero then show 'no's and length else display its value .
1598: This function converts the input string into YAML escape format.  It escapes special characters that are not allowed in
1599: Returns the elements of 'indexed' lists at specified indices.  It takes two arguments, an indexing function and some
1600: A function to calculate the distance between two celestial bodies in Earth's frame based on their galactocentric distances
1601: Returns the symbols in an ordered list. If no symbol is given, it returns empty array .  "   [END]
1602: Checks if the given argument is of type number, string or list.  If it's not one these types then
1603: A function that removes duplicated elements from an input sequence. It uses the fold left operation to iteratively process each element of
1604: A function to evaluate the polynomial at some point. It takes as input two parameters - an integer 'x' and list of
1605: Generates the URL to fetch comments of all posts in / r// .  Allows filtering by depth and breadths via
1606: Returns true if both inputs are nonzero. Otherwise, returns false or zero in any other case .   [END SUMMARY
1607: Implemented Rsa encryption algorithm. It takes three parameters, the message to be encrypted and two keys which are public/
1608: A function that returns the URL of an appropriate .LST or related file based on its string argument, which is used to
1609: Convert coordinates from center and width/height to absolute. This is used in the context of bounding box calculations, where we
1610: A function that flattens one dimensional lists. It uses recursion to flat the nested structure of inputted data and returns
1611: Returns the CIFAR – one of ten classes from ImageNet. The function takes in an array with image class numbers
1612: Removes an element of the list.  Returns true if successful, false otherwise .   Example : _remo(1
1613: Flush in poker hands. Check if all cards have the same suit or not; ie, they are of equal rank
1614: This function takes two pairs of points and returns the midpoints. It does so by averaging their coordinates respectively, then returning
1615: Code to remove all numbers from the input string.  It uses recursion and list processing functions in Scheme language."}
1616: A function that takes in an unsorted list of items, and returns the same sorted by score. The input is considered as
1617: A function that checks if the number is divisible by either three or five. If it's not, return false;
1618: This function moves an element to the front of list. It checks if it exists in given lists and then removes from original position
1619: Trims the given list of pairs by removing those that have values less than or equal to provided threshold. The result is then
1620: A function to rotate the clock wise around its center point. This is done by reversing and concatenating two parts of path
1621: A function to check if three numbers can form the sides of an equilateral triangle.  The inputs are two integers,
1622: Compute the heuistics distance between two points.  The function takes as input pairs of coordinates and returns their euclidean
1623: A function to generate the prefix of cup.  The input parameters are radius unit,outer and innermost cups along with
1624: This function returns the element at given position in list. If there is no such an item, it defaults to return '(
1625: This function calculates the height of an object thrown with initial velocity v and angle θ in meters, given as input parameters
1626: A function that converts the given weight in grams to kilograms. It uses recursion when necessary, and will
1627: Split the input string into segments based on delimiters. If "-" is encountered, start an element and if "/
1628: Extracts the filename from path of given .txt files in Unix/Linux system using regular expression matching and replacement operation
1629: Generates an option list in the format required by memory tool.  The entries are sorted alphabetically and separated with '
1630: Convert mathematical notation to LaTeX format using regular expressions 1/4 of the time, otherwise return original input string as
1631: Create function to limit value between min and max. If the input is greater than maximum, return minimum else if it's
1632: Convert text to SSML format using Amazon Textract service in Python programming language . Replace special characters with their corresponding HTML entities
1633: Check if the given input is valid according to its 'type'. If true, return it as an integer; otherwise throw exception
1634: Returns two sets, one with elements that satisfy the predicate and another not. The predicates are applied to each element in
1635: Code generates linear interpolation between two points.  It takes four parameters - the point to evaluate, and its coordinates in order
1636: Returns true if the given string is indented with four spaces. Otherwise, returns false."  	     .(code))
1637: Sanitation of strings. If the string is not valid, return an empty String; otherwise sanitate it by removing special characters
1638: This function takes in the url of an unclean repository and returns its respective 'Owner' from it. It does so by
1639: "Returns the last message sent to recipient."  .  ```python.py`).(def notify_rec ipnt
1640: A function that pads the sentences in an input list with another token. The maximum sentence' lengths are determined and used to create
1641: Flatens the input list. If an element is not of type List, it's consed into result and if its
1642: Generates tweet content based on given parameters.  The output is in the form of text with an optional mention or hasht
1643: Generates inclusive range of numbers from start to end. If the starting number is greater than ending, it returns an empty list
1644: A function to strip 'http://' or '/https:/', if present, from the start of URLs. It checks
1645: Returns the list of operational period in which projects are active.  The filter is used to check if each project'd start
1646: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses recursion to find common elements in both input list and maintains
1647: Checks if two frequency symbols are the same. If they're, returns true; otherwise false."
1648: Checks if the given integer value 'actual' lies in between two limits. If it does not then throws error message else
1649: Code defines conversion of the unit from British velocity to GRS83 system, which is used in geophysical data analysis
1650: Converts the given HEX value to its corresponding TCP state.  The possible values are as follows - 'HEX
1651: Checks if the given point is less than another.  The function takes three arguments, an initial value of 'angle'
1652: Given two strings, join them with the URL.  This function is used to append queries from one url into another as string
1653: A function to generate NLU labels from input string.  It's used in Natural Language Processing tasks like Sent
1654: Calculates the Levinstein distance between two strings. Distance is defined as number of characters that need to be changed in order
1655: Perform division operation on two numbers. If either operands are not number, return an empty string "" .  "(
1656: This function calculates the transfer factor based on current and total number of episodes, with an initial value being set to be one
1657: Merges two lists of properties by appending the non duplicated elements from 'extra' to end.  If an
1658: get maximum length of keys in dictionary.  It's used to determine the size and positioning/alignment on screen
1659: Returns the same RGB value with an adjusted transparency level. If it's less than or equal to .7, returns black
1660: Checks if the value is in list of strings.  If it's not, then continues to check with next string
1661: Check if string contains 'public' or not.  If yes, return true; otherwise false.. .   }}}}}}
1662: Generates polynomial equations. The function takes in three parameters - the coefficient list, number of terms and an integer to be used
1663: Check if the file is .GTF or GFF.  Return true/false accordingly based on whether it ends with either
1664: Code defines the sorting function to be used with strings. It sorts them alphabeticallly by length using le
1665: Appends the second polygon to end of an existing one if they have same initial vertex. If not, it simply adds
1666: Calculates the perpetual value of an investment.  Given current price and risk, it calculs out how much money is
1667: Transforms the input string into ASCII representation.  The client receives shift in each character's ascii value by
1668: A function that calculates the overlap between two tokens. The token is defined as any sequence of characters in an input string,
1669: This function implements linear interpolation between two points in the latent space, ie., it calculates an intermediate point that lies
1670: Check if the user has permission to perform an operation. If not, return #F; otherwise returns whether or note it is
1671: Returns maximum possible episode length based on input parameters.  [...]" . "\n") ;; #todo add more
1672: A function that finds the minimum and maximum values in two dimensions. It uses recursion to iteratively find these numbers, comparing
1673: Flatens the input list by removing nested lists.  It uses recursion to flaten all sublists in one pass through
1674: A function to calculate the number of steps in Collaçtzy's conjecture. The input is an integer greater than
1675: This function is used to ensure that all scripts in the list are on Windows. If system type os returns windows, it append
1676: Concatenates all elements of the input list. If an element is not in pairs, it's simply appended
1677: checks if the given point is within bounds of provided shapes. The function takes two parameters - coordinates and an array/shape which
1678: Converts polynomial to string. If the coefficient of first variable is one, it appends 'x' after number and
1679: Returns the position of an element in two dimensional array. The indices are zero based and go from left to right, top down
1680: Get the next HotFix number from given Version. For example, if input is '3' it will return as '.4
1681: This function normalises the text input to be within certain parameters. It calculates how many tokens in total are needed, then
1682: Generates underlined version of the input string.  It's used to create an emphasis on specific parts in output or
1683: Counts the number of times character occurs at end in string. Code is recursive and works with strings, characters are counted
1684: Checks if two values are equal. If they're both numbers, it checks equality using the '=?' operator in
1685: A function that returns the value of 'dataset' in dictionary, which is then converted to number. If it fails return
1686: A function to rearrange the order of dataframe's column.  If 'column name exists in df, it
1687: Function to generate the id of buttons from their names. It splits name into two pieces, then concatenates with prefix and
1688: This function calculates the area of triangle using given parameters. It takes two arguments, which are lengths in cm to form sides
1689: This function finds the first occurrence of any sub string starting from index zero. If it doesn't find such an element,
1690: Checks if the string representation of language is one that can be interpreted by our interpreter.  It checks whether or not
1691: This function calculates the contrast between two given means of gray and white matter in anatomically pluripotent individuals
1692: Compiles the input into an expression of numbers.  For specific keywords, it will return their corresponding number representation in parenthes
1693: Removes the last character of string if it is newline. If not, leaves original text unchanged."   . "Remove
1694: Merges the list of matches with their corresponding attributes. If no matching attribute is found, it returns all available ones in
1695: This function calculates the area of one side length 'count' binary gap in an array/list with given edges.
1696: Chechs the given string with its corresponding unicode value. If it matches, returns true; otherwise false . The function
1697: This function takes in three arguments, the first being an array representing column headers and second one as list names to be searched.
1698: Parses an input string and converts it into hash table.  The keys are the parameters, values can be either
1699: Remove URLs from text.  Input is string, output will be the same as input but with all urls removed .
1700: Returns the Fret Effciency from Length of Time in Hz .'s lifetime."   }]])}}
1701: Maps input values from one range to another.  The output is also mapped into the same domain as its inputs, with
1702: Insert sort function in Scheme.  Sorts the list using insertionsort algorithm .   The input is sorted by
1703: A function that returns the application configuration.  This is used to set up tests and other setup tasks."   [END]
1704: Returns the coordinates of center point in given cells.  1st parameter is width, second one height."'s . The
1705: Generates an HTML Table of Contents from MarkDown headers. The output is in the form [Header](link). It
1706: Convert PhRED quality score to ASCII. Code is used when converting from phased reverse distance encoding of DNA sequences into an
1707: Generates all pairs of numbers in the range [n,m]. The first number is from zero to `(subt
1708: A function that takes two numbers and returns the sum of their ASCII values. The first number is multiplied by an integer
1709: Computes the sum of absolute values in all elements. The input is an ordered list or vector, and each element should be
1710: A function to calculate the number of weights in quantum circuits. It takes three arguments, one is choice about which form ("one
1711: This function calculates the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to an input number. It's used in
1712: Fix end of line in the given string.  If no input is provided, return original if it's empty or not
1713: A recursive function to check if an element is not in the list of elements. The base case checks whether we have reached
1714: This function reorients the starting positions of blocks in an alignment. It takes as input sequences, block sizes and sequence length
1715: Code to deduplicate the scopes in names.  It replaces each occurrence of 'key' with '_n', where
1716: A function to round the number. The input is rounded based on its value and exponentiation with power of ten, then divided
1717: Implements sequentially the search algorithm.  It returns true if an list contains any occurrence of given value, false otherwise .
1718: A function that checks if the given number is in either left, right side of critical values. If not specified then it throws
1719: A function that converts pixel intensity to waveform.  The coefficient values are used in the conversion process, where each value
1720: This function generates 'nb' intermediate point between two given end coordinates. The spacing of the generated intermediaries is
1721: Checks if the given hypothesis is valid as an alternative to compare two numbers. 1st and second arguments are compared using
1722: Counts the number of matching letters between two strings. If one string is longer than another, it will return that length as
1723: This function takes in one argument, which is the number of any given months and returns its quarter. If it receives an invalid
1724: This function takes two parameters, 'parsellst' and "current". It checks the first element of list if it
1725: Reverse the order of characters in each word.  For example, "hello" becomes ".olleh". Code
1726: Code generates the next number in an iterative cyclic sequence. It takes as input one integer and returns another, which is
1727: A function to read .mGF or.pgP files and extract the numeric part of their names, which is used
1728: Simplies output from the stdio. Returns simplified version of string representation in console, with each new grouped by two spaces
1729: Count leading spaces in the given string. This function will return count of first non space character from left to right . If there
1730: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true; otherwise it returns FALSE or 0 if not applicable."
1731: Scales the given Vector by Factor.  For each element in Vectors, it multiplies with provided number and
1732: Returns the current date and time in ISO 8601 format. If no argument is given, it returns false;
1733: This function takes as input an array of color scales and returns the corresponding scale. It is used to convert between different types/
1734: Function to calculate enthalpic heat transfer coefficient.  Inputs are initial temperature, final wall temp., and specific gas constant
1735: Returns the title case of font name.  It takes care to replace underscores with spaces and capitalize each word after
1736: Finds the number of elements in an indexed array that are within clip length from their offset.   Code finds all indices
1737: Returns the character at position 'index' in string "s". If there is no such char, it returns -  .
1738: A function to calculate the exact value of an expression. The input is two numbers, and it returns their product divided by one
1739: Calculates the temperature rise and loss at given operating point with respect to initial or target weights, using an empirical formula derived from
1740: A function that reverses the order of elements in an input list.  The result is returned as one single, concatenated
1741: This function takes in an upper case string and returns the same lower cased first character. It is used to convert all characters
1742: Returns one hot encoding of the given string. The input should be in RGB format and return an encoded vector where each value represents
1743: Checks if the given matrix is square. 1xn or n x N matrices are not considered as being "squ
1744: checks if the first character of an input is one from (#, & , + or !). If yes then it returns true
1745: A function to split the given comma separated strings into list of individual elements. If an element is not valid, it's
1746: A function that converts seconds to hours, minutes and second.   " . `_` _  ` __ split time into
1747: This function takes two numbers and returns their average. It is used to calculate the middle point of an interval or range in data
1748: Returns the mean color of an RGB value. For example, getColorMean(7). returns #\#FFD
1749: Convert web type to SQL equivalent. 1/3rd of the work is done in converting from Python's data types
1750: This function calculates the mean of numbers in list.  It uses apply to sum all elements and then divides by number
1751: A function to generate sequence of numbers representing the levels in Pickets Fencing.  The first number is always zero, and
1752: Computes the number of prime digists in an integer. If input is not valid, it throws error message" . $
1753: A function that returns the yellow version of input strings.  It uses escape sequences to change color and style in terminal output."
1754: Removes leading indentations from the input string. If there are no characters in it, returns an empty String; if
1755: A function to convert an integer into the corresponding month name. The input number is one less than what would be expected by list
1756: This function takes in the name of an entity and returns its source file's base or prefix. It does so by splitting
1757: A function that cuts the given string to fit within specified length. If it's longer than max, append "...(
1758: Converts the first character of each word in input to upper case. For instance, "this is an example" becomes
1759: Computes the normalized difference between two angles. Normalizes by converting to range [−π, +π] and taking into
1760: Generates blank lines based on boolean values. If true, appends an orphan line break; if false prepended
1761: This function calculates the maximum heat content coefficient value.  It takes three arguments - number of elements, total layers and an
1762: Generates one line of text that describes the function.  It takes two arguments, relv articles and irrelevant artc
1763: Extracting the types of services and promotions from transactions.  The function takes as input one string which represents an individual or
1764: A function to subtract two matrices. If the number of rows in both input lists is not equal, it returns an error
1765: Returns the color at specified position in list of possible text colours. 0 is blue, etc.. . If an invalid input
1766: Parses the given string to represent decimals with commas as separators.  It replaces all comma characters
1767: Takes in list of task objects and returns true if all the available ones are completed. Otherwise, it will return false;
1768: A function that returns the sleep time based on number of attempts. The return value is in seconds, with each incremental increase
1769: A function that checks if the player's number is correct or not. If it matches, returns remaining turn count else return
1770: Check if the given character is in middle of string. If yes, return true else false .'s"   }]
1771: Convert the input to number if possible. If not, return it as is and leave error messages unhandled in case of
1772: Toggles the state of an object's property.  If both objects are given, toggling occurs between them if
1773: A function to convert all characters in the input string into upper case.  The result is returned as output of that specific call
1774: Evaluates each of the given list/array elements and returns an array with their corresponding values. If any element is not
1775: This function converts an integer into its corresponding string representation. The conversion is based on the predefined list of strings,
1776: A function that takes an integer as input and returns the result of applying three operations to it. The operation is "adds
1777: This function calculates the overlap between two intervals. It returns zero if there is no intersection, otherwise it computes and return
1778: A function that implements the ReLU activation. It returns zero if input is less than or equal to zero, otherwise
1779: Checks if all the letters in given string are capital. Returns true or false accordingly based on that condition .   [END
1780: This function calculates the t statisic which is used to test if there's any difference between two means of different
1781: This function calculates the rate of change in water pressure between two points along an inclined plane at any given altitude above sea
1782: Generates list of .bwt files to be used in bowtiq search command with the given prefix name and suffixes
1783: Inverts the order of elements in each list within an inputted 'horseshoo' array.  This is done
1784: A function to split the input CSVs into individual elements. It splits each string by commas and returns them as separate
1785: A function that returns an underscore line based on the input string.  If not given, it will return empty or nothing
1786: This function calculates the percentage of brand purchases. It takes two arguments, one representing how many brands were purchased and another that
1787: Computes the nontrivial relative likelihood of an event occurring. The computation is based on two parameters, 'event' probability
1788: A function that returns the number of hours in given minute input. Code snippet to get hour from user and return it
1789: This function returns the value of an address in given 'memory' list. It can return either integer or string based on its
1790: Extracting the DOI suffix from given Protocol's do.  .e..g :(protocol "10
1791: Checks if the length of configuration example is correct. Returns #true or false depending on whether it matches with given models'
1792: A function to allocates clients among different groups. It takes two arguments, the list of all available client and an integer indicating
1793: Check if two strings are one edit away. A string is said to be "One Edit" of another by replacing, deleting
1794: Check if an IP address is multcast. This function takes as input the IPv6 version of your network interface and returns true
1795: A function that converts an arbitrary Scheme Object into its corresponding String representation. It supports lists, hashes and objects by
1796: This function calculates the derivative of sigmoide activation. It's used in backpropagation algorithm to train neural
1797: Flips the order of elements in tuple.  Example usage:( flipping ((1, 'a')) will return ('a
1798: A function that returns the amount of space needed to fit in given string. If it's longer than required, then return
1799: This function calculates the median of numbers in list.  It is called with one argument, which should be an ordered sequence
1800: Returns the result of subtracting vector 'w' from another 3D point. The vectors are represented as lists in R
1801: A function that sums two numbers. If one of the operands is not provided, it returns zero instead – like Python
1802: A function to calculate the reciprocal of an integer number, given two parameters - "n" and	"d". If
1803: Refactors the trademarck records into more readable format. It takes in hash as input, reformats it to
1804: Counts the number of times an END keyword is found in list. If there're no elements, it returns zero;
1805: Convert dictionary to standard output.  This function converts the given input into an equivalent representation in std out format using printf with
1806: This function will return the status of Jenkin's jobs.  It queries from provided url and returns job names along with
1807: A function that calculates the contrast ratio between two colors based on their luminescence levels, with an additional offset
1808: This function takes in an ordered list of strings and concatenates them into one string. If the input is empty, it returns
1809: A function to get the nth element in an ordered sequence. It uses recursion and takes advantage of Python's dynamic
1810: This function returns the list of GeoJSON's 'feature'. If there is an error, it raises exception. It takes
1811: Convert comments in the given string to inline comment.  This function splits input by line, then adds // at start of
1812: Calculates maximum likelihood estimation. It calcula...'s up to one term of max function and then returns resultant value
1813: Convert the given game board's current configuration to its tuple representation.  For example, if we have [1  0
1814: This function takes in list of factors and returns the absolute value.  It applies each factor to all elements within its own sub
1815: A function to calculate the Reynds length of an object.  It takes three parameters - velocity, density and vis
1816: Returns “up”, "down" or "" depending on the orientation of three points. If they are collinear then
1817: A function that checks if the string contains any characters not present in another given set.  It does so by comparing two sets
1818: This function takes 9 parameters to project points in the three dimensional world into two dimensions. It uses intrinsic calibration matrix and dist
1819: A function to build the TOs of an object. This is done by setting flags based on various parameters such as their priority
1820: Calculates the Mean Squared Error between two sorted time sequences. The input is assumed to be normalized and in terms
1821: This function takes as input an ordered list of numbers and returns the largest number in that sequence. If empty, it will return
1822: Remove newline and tab characters from the given string. 1 line only, no extra spaces or punctuation is allowed after
1823: A function to calculate ideal body weight based on the provided parameters - Height and Sex . The formula used is derived from W
1824: Generates the uniform moments of two numbers. It calculus an average and variance using given range, then return them as list
1825: Generates an API URL.  The input is the base url of your application and returns full api versioning endpoint . e
1826: Normalizes the given value to be between -1 and ++. The normalization is done by subtracting from it all read
1827: A learning rate schedulers that decreases the Learning Rate at every tenth of an Epoch, and increases it after two
1828: Convert string to integer or float. If not possible, return the original value as it is; if conversion isn't successful
1829: A function that deletes all occurrences of the specified element from list. It uses recursion to iteratively remove elements
1830: Retrieves value from pair list by key. If the given Key is not found in any of pairs, it returns an
1831: Convert basic to bio in the format of BioPerl.  This function converts all 'Basic' types into their corresponding
1832: Create an integer with the bit at position 'K' set to one. The rest of bits are zeroed out, and
1833: Check if the input is an unsigned integer. Code checks whether or not given argument can be considered as positive non zero real numbers
1834: A function that calculates the value of parabolic curve. The formula is y = at + b, where 'a'
1835: Returns the string message to be displayed in CEPs dashboard when test fails, linking back with more information about requirements of that
1836: A function that converts all upper case characters in the input to lower.  It uses map and apply functions from R6
1837: Returns true if the given string contains any of GL, MT or hs and false otherwise.  It checks whether there is
1838: A function to get the number of iterations needed. The input is total elements and size per iteration, returning an integer value representing
1839: This function takes in an ordered list of elements and returns the same unique, sorted version. It uses recursion to check if
1840: Return common items in two lists. The input is sorted list of numbers and the output should be also sorting result .
1841: A function to construct path from one point in the graph.  The input is two points and returns all paths between them using
1842: Converts the real part of an arbitrary number into one between two limits. If it is not within these bounds then throws
1843: This function returns the number of spaces at start in string. If there is no space, it will return zero . It'
1844: Check if the string contains either 'Java' or Python. 1/0 based on whether it does contain one of them
1845: Checks if the first and last characters of any string are underscores. If they're, then it is considered
1846: Create URL path string.  Format is /version/resourceName.[method] . e,g., '/1'/.
1847: Flips the first and last elements of an input string. If there are two or more, it flops them around in
1848: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two sets of velocities in km/s using precession and meridian rotation angle, assuming
1849: Generates an HTML table header row. The input is expected to be list of strings, which are used as headers in the
1850: A function that returns the largest integer less than or equal to its argument, rounded downwards if it is greater then one else
1851: Convert maven coordinates to jar name. 1st level of formatting, used in generating the JAR file names and
1852: Returns the intersection of two lists.  Uses helper function to find common elements in list and reversed order so as not
1853: Adds the given string to list of strings. If not provided, defaults on available or live statuses respectively if no input
1854: checks if the parameter name is of resource type.  Parameter names are assumed to be in lower case and without special characters
1855: Implementation of binary search algorithm in Scheme. It finds the position if an element is found within given list, otherwise it
1856: Returns the first element of list split by '>' symbol in given order. The input is assumed to be an ordered sequence
1857: A function to align the sequence of characters. It counts from left and right '-'s in order, returning an ordered list
1858: checks if the current position is within an overlapped area of another sequence. If so, it returns true; otherwise false."
1859: Checks if the given number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise - true in
1860: A function that adds two numbers.  Code is written in Scheme language and it takes as arguments the first number to add
1861: A function to determine the sign of an integer. It returns +/-/=+ if input is positive, negative or zero
1862: Split the given RGB value into its red, green and blue components. 16 bit values are used to represent each
1863: Computes the Ackerman function. Inputs are two nonnegative integers, and returns an integer result of computation according to
1864: Checks if the input is an integer. 1=True, anything else = False .   Code snippet to
1865: A recursive function to remove duplicate elements from an ordered linked lists. The input is the original sorted linkded lis and
1866: A function that returns the input if it is greater than or equal to zero, otherwise return 'zero'.	   .
1867: A recursive function to compute the nth FIBONACCI number. The base cases are defined as fib(n
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is calculated as intersection area divided by union of
1869: A function to sanitise the input string. It removes all non accepted characters from it and returns as output . The list
1870: Generates tags based on provided credentials, folder information or both values are missing - error out . If only one of them is
1871: Filter out the paths that are not members of another list. If there is only one element left, return it as an empty
1872: This function takes in the result of an operation that retrieves hosts information and returns them as hash references with some extra details about
1873: Calculates the potential energy of an electron in one dimension, given its radial distance from center and other parameters like electric field strength
1874: This function replaces all mentions in the given string with their unicode replacement character. It's used to clean up text
1875: Convert the given string to an integer. If it's not recognized, throw error message 'Invalid Follow Type'. The function
1876: Checks if the given entry is skipped.  Returns true or false depending on whether it's an uninteresting
1877: A function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. The input is represented as pairs of coordinates, and
1878: This function splits the given string into parts of equal length. The number parameter defines how many characters each part should have,
1879: Returns the variance of beta distribution with parameters 'a' and ''b''. It is used to calculate betweenness centrality
1880: Returns color based on the positive value of input. If it's pos, return green; else black/grey."
1881: Converts bounding box coordinates from model to center format .	     "Converting Bounding Box Coordinates From Model
1882: Converts list of strings to single concatenated and joined by comma.  For example, lt(o [“
1883: Returns the index of first occurrence in list. If not found, returns (-). Code is used to get an element from any
1884: A function that checks if the number of runs in one specific rung is less than or equal to another. If it'
1885: This function takes as input the list of strings, and returns how many digtis in each line are 'easier' to
1886: Parses the mask from an input string. The output is always returned as one character long and should be used to construct
1887: A function that takes an input string and returns the same output, but only with alphabe letters. If there is no
1888: A function that tries to match the given 'text' with one of several possible pattern. If it matches, return true;
1889: Adds two coordinates together. If the result is out of bounds, returns false; otherwise return true and resulting coordinate pair .
1890: A function to convert degree, minute and second into decimal format using the formula of conversion from Degrees/Minutes / Second
1891: A function to check if the given Year is Least Common Multiple of four. If not, it will return false else
1892: This function takes two parameters, 'points earned' and the reward given to reach that point. It returns an integer representing how
1893: This function calculates the power of number using recursion. It takes two parameters, base and exponent respectively; it returns result
1894: Compares two lists and counts the number of correct matches. The function returns both numbers, which represent how many comparisons were
1895: This function checks if there are more than one digith number in given locker. If yes, it appends zeroes
1896: This function computes the R parameter. The value of 'R' is dependent on how susceptibles are distributed in an area
1897: This function returns the positions of all occurrences in input string "sequence" that is represented as character N. It uses
1898: A function that returns the first vector of length ten from list . The values are approximated to four decimal places."  ```
1899: Recursively computes the NTH FIBONACCI number. The function is defined to handle base cases and recurs
1900: Check if the given object is an article in Wikipedia.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise return its title
1901: A function that calculates the average of numbers in list.  It takes as input any number or set and returns their ar
1902: Returns the target coverage if there are more uncovered lines than five, else returns half of currently covered percentage"   .
1903: A function to check if the first character of string is underscore. If it's not, return false else true .
1904: Convert the given value to percentage. Examples of usage include converting an integer into percentages, or vice versa." (
1905: A function that checks if an expression is nonnegative. If the input can be converted to number and it's not negative
1906: A function to get the login of an user. If no argument is provided, it returns 'Ghost'. Otherwise return that
1907: A function that reads from the socket. The string is created with 'num' bytes, and it fills up until all are
1908: Get the list of all available learning rate schedules.  This function is used to get information about what type and parameters are
1909: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. If input is negative, it returns error message; if its
1910: Converts Fahrenheit to Celisus using the formula of conversion from farenheight(°F
1911: Check if all characters in the input are numerics or decimal points, ignoring any whitespace and special symbols like . ,
1912: A function that returns the symmetric difference of two lists. The union is defined as all elements from both sets, and intersection includes
1913: Returns the difference between corresponding elements in two lists.  This is done by subtracting one element from another and returning all results
1914: A function to check if the location is within New World coordinates. The new world lies between (-64,87,-
1915: A function to generate environment dependency metadata.   .    Inputs : Element, Valid tool dependencies dictionary Output -> Environment Dep
1916: Returns the derivative of dy with respect to dx at point(s).  The function is centered about points specified by input parameters
1917: A function that calculates the FIBONACCI series using iteratively. The base case is when N = ~=
1918: Finds the difference between two lists.  It uses recursion to find elements that are in one but not another, and
1919: A function to convert Hexadecimal values into decimal. The input is the value in string format, and it returns
1920: Calculates the output size of deconvolution operation. It takes into account input and kernel sizes, along with padding to calculate
1921: A function to strip the "MATE" part from file names. If it is of format /[number]/ or
1922: Converts the given millisecond time to seconds. The function takes an integer representing microseconds as input and returns its equivalent
1923: Computes the resistance of an electrical circuit.  Inputs are length and area respectively."
1924: A recursive function that filters the input 'rows' based on whether or not they contain an element of value in their corresponding
1925: Returns the keys hint of given list.  For each element in shortcut array returns key from it and separates them with comma
1926: This function calculates the curve of tension at any point in relation to its position along an axis, based on two parameters -
1927: Computes the average sentence lengths in given list of sentences.  It's based on splitting each string into its constituent
1928: This function takes an array of lines and swaps the positions in each pair.  It returns all pairs where first element is
1929: Convert weight from one unit to another using the specified scales; if not recognized, it throws an error message indicating that such conversion
1930: Redirection of paths in Facebook.  If no redirections are needed, returns the original string; otherwise applies them to
1931: Creates new generations by combining the parent and child solutions.  The "random" part is about choosing which solution to combine
1932: A function to check if the given number is leap. If it's not, return false; otherwise true."  ```
1933: Returns the closest FIBONACCI number to given input. If two numbers are equally close, returns one of them randomly
1934: A function that takes two arguments and returns the result of applying six hump camels formula to them. The sum is calculated
1935: Calculates the median of two numbers based on their counts in an array, considering that they are not equal or within range to
1936: A function that removes the given 'prefixed' part from an inputted text. If it is not found, returns original
1937: Converts the given frequency to Δφ, which is used in calculating permittance and capacitance of an element
1938: Counts the number of set bits in an integer. This is used to determine if two integers are equal, or whether one
1939: A function to perform quicsorts on lists with three way radices. (define sorted? #t)(code):
1940: This function returns the laminae of membranes according to their geometries, which are CM and Fmm or f
1941: Check if all arguments are the same. If not, return false; otherwise true .  Code is used to check whether or
1942: Creates the relations between forms in given list. It recursively creates relation to all elements of nested lists within inputted repeat
1943: Code that takes two lists of numbers as input and returns their sum.  The result is also in the form [(num
1944: Create an output line of text with the first five cards from each player's deck, followed by their best possible combination.
1945: Checks if the input is an integer. If yes, checks whether it's equal to its string representation and returns true
1946: Encodes the input string by cyclically shifting characters in each group of three. If there are less than two elements left,
1947: This function returns the number of lensing channels based on input string 'config'. It has three possible inputs - g, k
1948: Computes the sum of digtis in given number.  For example, if input is '13', output will be
1949: Remove dollar sign from string. 1 line solution in python language .  3 lines of Python program to remove the $ symbol
1950: Determines overall quality status of the given json object.  This function will always return 'pass' as it is not possible
1951: Split the name of an assembly into its main component and any secondary components. Returns either one or two elements, depending on
1952: A function to check if the given integer is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisble by four hundred
1953: This function takes in two arguments, an initial bounding rectangle and the level of zoom. It then calculates how much to
1954: A function that checks if the square of an input is ending with ‘’. If it does, then returns true;
1955: Generates the link to Open Pechas project on GitHub based off of provided ids, e..g., https
1956: Checks if two trees are the same structure. If they have identical paths, names and types then it returns true else false
1957: A function that joins all the verbs in an input list into one string. If there are no elements, it returns empty String
1958: Generates all the numbers from "start" to	"stop". It's an inefficient version of range. But it
1959: A function that calculates the dot product of two lists. The result is an integer which represents how similar both vectors are in
1960: Defines function vFunc that takes four parameters and returns the result of an arithmetic operation on them, using some constants as
1961: A function to format model name in machine learning context.  If the string contains '=', it returns as is, else
1962: Parses string with commans into an integer. If it fails, returns the original input as is .  This function
1963: Checks if an element is in the list of IDS.  If it'is not, then returns false and true
1964: A function to parse issue and subtask information from the issue/subtasks section of an issue tracker.  It
1965: This function calculates the size of an array or list. It uses padding to ensure that all elements are aligned and then sums
1966: A function that computes the area of an intersection polygon. It uses two exponents to calculate and return product values, then
1967: Converts the given knots to miles per hour using an approximation of conversion factor from kilometers/hour .
1968: This function takes in an ordered sequence and returns the same list with all duplicates removed. It uses hash table to keep track
1969: A function to turn any given string into blue color.  Code is used by the system's console or other programs that
1970: A recursive function to generate all possible combinations of numbers in the range from 0 upto 'n'. The list is
1971: Returns the directory of GAMES/SUSCCESS.  If 'parser' is not recognized, it returns its input
1972: This function returns the facility name with an added _instrumenet suffix. If it's not one of our supported
1973: Counts the number of items in 'coord list' that are larger than or equal to ‘reference coordinate’.
1974: Counts the number of dots in population.   Code snippet to be used as part or main function : (#<
1975: A function that converts the input to an integer representing its geometric progression value. The conversion is done by rounding off
1976: Cleans the input string by removing non ASCII characters.  The function splits on any character that is not in range
1977: A function that computes the value of an interpolated color between two colors using smooth transition from one to another based on its
1978: Returns the string representation of an error or warning level. If no such integer is found, it returns 'unknown'.   Code
1979: Finds the largest divisor of 'N'. This is done by checking each number from two to N. If it finds
1980: get host name from fully qualified domain names.  It takes as input the full form of an FQDN and returns
1981: Defines function to clip value within range. Returns false if outside of defined bounds, otherwise returns clipped version .'s
1982: Sorts the input list of lists by one column. The first element in each sublists is considered as sorting key,
1983: A function to convert memory size in bytes into readability. It converts the input number of Bytes, Kilob
1984: Creates greeting message. – Code is to create the string 'G' with value of hello and followed by
1985: Extraction function to extract column from given 1D list. The extraction is done by providing the position in which it needs
1986: A function to calculate the power of an integer. It's called "power" because it raises one number by another,
1987: A recursive function to calculate the fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as F(n, m),
1988: A function that checks if an input is zero. It returns true when the number or procedure passed in as argument equals to one
1989: A function to get the first of each given months. It takes as input an ISO formatted string representing any valid Date and returns
1990: A function that pads the left side of string with zeroes. If no padding is needed, it returns original input as output
1991: This function unpacks the message from "pin update".  It takes as input an arbitrary string, and returns two values -
1992: Sort the array in ascending order and filter out pairs where sum is odd. Then map each pair to itself minus one,
1993: Expand the grid by one unit in both dimensions. If coordinates are equal, it expands them separately and returns new tuple
1994: Check if the given card is in two pair.  A "Two Pair" consists of one face up and three others
1995: Checks if the given LUA function call is present in any of its tokens.  If so, returns true; otherwise
1996: This function rounds the given input to its nearest integer. If it is negative, then round down otherwise if positive or zero rounded
1997: Calculates the exposure time based on number of integratios and integration period.  If both inputs are numbers, it multi
1998: Convert string to signature.  Include the prefix SUDS and replace ':' with $ .   Code snippet is
1999: Converts an index into bytes. If the remainder of division by 'i' is less than or equal to nine,
2000: A function to convert Celsius temperatures into Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from cesuis scale
2001: A recursive function that finds the minimum value in an input list.  It uses iteration instead of recurision to find
2002: Parses serial number from hexadecimal string. If no data, returns 'unknown'. The input is assumed to
2003: Checks if the input is number or string and returns it as integer. If not, then return original unmodified inputs
2004: Returns the maximum degree of any element in an inputted array. If no elements are present, it returns "-".   .
2005: A function to calculate the learning rate. If current step is less than number of steps per decay, return initial value; otherwise
2006: Generates a version of the input string that is suitable to be used in an environment where line breaks are not considered as new
2007: A function to calculate the pixel size of an image. It takes two arguments, one is numeric and other string type;
2008: A recursive function that replaces multiple instances of sub strings in one string.  The replacement is done from rightmost occurrence
2009: Code snaps the columns of input data. It uses nested functions and recursion, which makes it more complex but also easier
2010: Returns the number of full units in given time.  1 day = `day(s), `hour/hr = x
2011: Checks if the current player is 'X' or not. If it returns true then game ends with X winning, else
2012: This function replaces tokens in the given string with corresponding values. It uses recursion to handle nested commands and replace all instances
2013: A function to convert binary numbers into hexadecimal. It takes two parameters, the number and its width in bits .
2014: Calculates the L^(p=∞)_a value of an interval from which to be used in next calculation"
2015: Calculates the distance between two points in Manhattan Distance.  It uses only one line of python and no loop or
2016: Generates CFLAGS from the list of flags.  The result is used to build CPPFLAGS and LDF
2017: A function to generate phrases from strings.  It splits the input into parts based on underscores, capitalizes each
2018: Converts strings of digits to numbers. If the input is three characters, it conversts them into an integer
2019: get value from JSON dictionary. If the dict has key, return it else if there is any subkeys of that in nested
2020: This function calculates the soft maximum of input values, which is used in machine learning algorithms to normalize and scale inputs into
2021: This function takes in four points and returns the smallest rectangle that can be formed by these 4 given coordinates. It uses '
2022: A function that greets the user by their given or defaulted names.  If no argument is provided it defaults to '
2023: Convert the given input into list format. If it's not already in that form, convert to one by wrapping each
2024: A function to get the raw data between two given points in an array.  It filters out all elements that are not within
2025: Removes duplicate entries in the list of strings.  It splits string into word, removes duplicated and joins back together
2026: Remove empty strings from the list of Granulures.  "( _ clean gr ans lis t e f .
2027: A function that checks if the input is valid as part of an epl schedule. The inputs are assumed to be either integer
2028: A function to multiplying two numbers. If the arguments are not both numeric, it returns an error message string."
2029: A function that converts the input to an integer if it's not already, otherwise returns as is. If conversion fails
2030: Checks if the input is prime. If so, returns true; otherwise false."}']'}]]]]],[[
2031: A function to find the intersection of two lists. It checks if each element in one list is also present as an item within
2032: A function to build resiliant URLs.  If the given url is http or https, return it as such;
2033: Returns the names of all features. This is used to create feature vectors in machine learning algorithms like SVM and kNN etc
2034: Check if all values in list are within specified ranges and return only those that fall into them; otherwise skip over invalid ones with
2035: Reverse the order of domain names in list.  Input is one or more domains separated by dots, output will be
2036: Defines clamps the given values.  If val is less than min, it returns minimal; if greater then max and
2037: This function takes in two parameters, 'content' and the string to search. If no matching strings are found it returns original
2038: A function to remove duplicates from entities in an alert. The first occurrence of each entity is kept, and all subsequent occur
2039: This function takes two numbers and returns their sum as string.  It is used to convert the number into its textual representation
2040: A function to add IRI definitions into Swigger schema. 1/4 of the total number in one file, used
2041: A function that returns the greeting string.  Code is used to say hello in spanish language .   Example of
2042: Generates the last updated cell name. 1A, B3 etc... .  	; input is an integer representing
2043: Returns the dot product of three vectors. 3D vector multiplication is performed using . The first two elements are multiplied,
2044: Calculates the time required to open an umbrella based on distance and speed. The function takes two parameters, "km
2045: Creates an array of default scope names.  The list is populated with the .scope file path to each resources'
2046: Transforms TSV data into an array of strings. Each string is the same width as all other rows in column order,
2047: A function to calculate the vapor pressure in water.  Inputs are temperature and density, outputs is VapPressur from
2048: Trims the tokens in an input list to fit within specified maximum length. If there are more than one token, it will
2049: This function takes an RGB or grayscale picture as input and returns the same output but with all pixels normalized to fall between
2050: This function takes an URL as input and returns the same or corrected version of it. If not given, then appends http
2051: A function to check if the point is inside an image. The center of each circle in question has coordinates(x,y
2052: A function that returns one if the input is equal to another, otherwise it will return zero. This makes use of recursion
2053: A function that returns the configuration value of 'specified' key in .env file or local environment variable if it is set
2054: This function reinterprets the given string as Windows/CP437 encoding. It does so by taking each character
2055: Returns the severities of messages.  If message is warning, returns Median; if error occurs then return Critcal and
2056: Combines all elements in the list into an output string. The order of combined strings is determined by their positions within input lists
2057: Generates the length of tweets.  Takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an object representing twitter
2058: Code defines an ensure list function that checks if the input is of length 'n' and returns it as such, otherwise throws
2059: This function calculates the proportion of one number lies within another. It takes three arguments, 'min' and ‘max
2060: Generates HTML tags.  e..g, <div><span class='title'/> <p >text here...
2061: A function to get the folder name from file names. This is done by using sub string operation with an empty String and then
2062: A function that sends the given string to receiver with an initial '@' symbol.  The result is then appended by
2063: Adds two lists of numbers.  Each list is treated as if it were one number per row, and the addition operation
2064: A function to divide an input into chunks of the specified length. If less than or equal, it returns as is;
2065: A function that calculates the number of neighbors an electron has. If there are less than four neighbors, it returns eight
2066: Checks if the given string contains only symbols. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is
2067: Check if the provided string is less than or equal to one sixteen characters long. If it's not, return false
2068: A function that calculates the maximum possible sum of two numbers in an array. The goal is to maximize one number while minim
2069: Remove all the non numeric characters from input string.  This is used to convert user entered date/time into seconds since
2070: This function finds the closest integer to 'n' that is divisible by another number. If no such value exists, it
2071: This function calculates the time window size in seconds between two given times. If one or both of them are not provided
2072: This function takes three points and multiplies them with the matrix M. It returns four new point coordinates in list form which are
2073: Normalizes the name to remove apostrophes and nonbreaking spaces.  This is done by trimming off leading/tra
2074: A function that merges two sorted lists. If the first list is empty, it returns other one; if second isn'
2075: Normalizes an eMail address by converting it to upper case.  For instance, "john@example . com"
2076: A function that removes duplicate tweet entries from the input list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of 'seen
2077: Determine the reformatting version based on user inputs or default to commit/build mode when none is provided by checking all
2078: Checks if the given string is one of several zip formats. 1 or more characters long, beginning with 'a'
2079: Returns true if there are enough electrons in the system to perform multithreading. Otherwise, returns false; . ;" "
2080: A function that converts all the letters in an input string to upper case. If any character is already capitalized, it
2081: Sort list of KeysPoints by response. If the number is greater than or equal to specified, return it; otherwise sort
2082: A function that checks if the correlation response is empty or not. If it's an error, returns false alert otherwise
2083: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Code uses Euclid's algorithm to find gdc(a
2084: "A function to deduplicate and sort the elements of an input list"  Code length = 10 characters.  ```
2085: A function to generate the name of bibliographic references.  It takes an id and returns its formatted string representation as '
2086: This function takes in two parameters, the first being an inflected word and second is list of possible feminine forms.
2087: Convert time in second to human readble format. It converts the input number of Second into Days, Hours , Min
2088: Creates an URL to start the experiment process.  The string passed as argument is prepended with '/' and append
2089: Checks if the given string is one of multiple selection options. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .'."}
2090: Get the hour from given datetime string. Example "03/47" ->  return 'e' . (
2091: Check if an object is of type list. If not, raise error with message “invalid” and the invalid value .
2092: Code defines an efficient algorithm to calculate the power of any number with given 'exponent' and return it as per provided modular
2093: Converts the input to numerics. If it's not possible, returns as is; otherwise converst in number
2094: A function that divides the input by ten. It's used to convert an integer into its decimal equivalent, which is
2095: Transposes the matrix.  It takes in one argument, which is to be transposed and returns its resultant transformation of
2096: Convert an SQL tuple to the corresponding ROW.  The input is assumed as string type, and output will be in list
2097: This function returns the color scheme based on whether 'val' is less than, greater or equal to zero. If it equals
2098: A function that chooses between two files based on the smoothness of their names or filenames, with lower values indicating
2099: Generates the file name of linear regression coefficients output csv files in specified directory  .'   [1] '(
2100: This function splits the string of user's choice into list.  # is used as separator between different options in
2101: This function returns the list of all county names that have died today.  It takes two arguments, namely '(County
2102: Returns the package of resource named 'file'. If no such file exists, returns false. Otherwise it will return its parent directory
2103: Returns the browser URL based on whether it's live or not. 1st line of output will be "Browser url
2104: A binary addition function using bit manipulation. It uses the XOR and AND operations to add two numbers in parallel, shifting
2105: Checks if one sublists is the same as another. If so, returns true; otherwise false..   .    Code
2106: get strands color, if true return the first one otherwise second .   -> If rev = false then it will be
2107: Finds the most recent item in list of strings that matches with given string. If no match is found, returns false."
2108: Add query string parameter to URL.  If the 'url' already contains an existing ?, add &amp; MIN CSS
2109: Check if two vectors have the same length and elements at corresponding positions are equal. If so, return true; otherwise false."
2110: Returns true if the given position is out of bounds within specified size. If not, returns false." (endcode
2111: Handles packets.  Code is responsible to handle incoming data from the network or other sources, process it and pass on as
2112: Creates an SQL URL.  Example usage :(_createSQLURL 'localhost' '/test') -> postgresq;
2113: Converts the rate from one unit to another. Supported units are 'km/h' and	'mi//'.
2114: Create an HTML title tag.  Code snippet to create and return the string of html tags with given input as its
2115: This function tokenizes the input string by replacing all dots with spaces and splitting it into separate tokens.  It is used to
2116: This function takes an uppercased first character of the input. If there is no such case, it returns original unal
2117: A simple implementation of the DJB algorithm. It is used to generate an integer from string input, which can be useful in
2118: Calculates the circular rate of change. If jumps are not possible, returns zero or small number to avoid divide error and
2119: A function that returns the satin factor of an input number. If it's negative, return '-'. Else if
2120: checks if the length of input is within acceptable range. If it's outside, raises an exception with appropriate error message .
2121: Compute the boundig box of given set or list point coordinates.  It returns four values representing minimum and maximum X,
2122: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses cond statement and basic arithmetic operations."
2123: Checks if the number of requests is within valid range. If not, returns false; otherwise true . "count" refers
2124: Defines function that returns the name of weekdays. 0 is mapped to Sunday, and so on upto seven being
2125: Defines the function to calculate scalar product of two vectors. If |x| <= | 0, then it returns 1
2126: Code defines function to check if file has any of the allowed extension.  It uses helper functions "endswith?" and
2127: A recursive function to calculate factorial. The input is an integer and the output will be that number's Factorial
2128: Converts RGB color to string format.  Input is an integer tuple representing the red, green and blue components of any
2129: Returns all the 'non custom' view points.  This function filters out any views that contain '/custum'/ in
2130: Split the input date and time into separate components.  It takes in an ISO formatted datetime as its argument, splits
2131: Returns the extension of an input string. For example, getFileExtension("test") would return ".txt" .  It
2132: Checks if the given URL points to an AWS STS service endpoint."  [END]'   ' -> Code
2133: Removes lines from file.  Useful when you want to remove certain patterns or strings in text files, such as comments
2134: Converts the input into list of pairs where each pair is formed from two characters. The second character in every element will
2135: A recursive function to reverse the order of characters in an arbitrary string. This is achieved by using subtring and reversing
2136: A function that interleaves two numbers. The second number is used to decide which pair of digits from the first one
2137: This function implements the binary search algorithm on an array of numbers. The input is sorted in ascending order and it checks if
2138: Get the class mask of an IP address. The result is in hexadecimal format, e..g., "FFFF
2139: Given an URL, return the filename.  EG get\_fileName "http://www...com/example" returns
2140: Converts RGB to XY color space coordinates using the given weights and constants in LMS model, then conversts
2141: Generates the name of an union with types provided. The names are sorted in lexicographic order and prefixed by '
2142: Simpler version of mod product function. Uses recursion to find the smallest power that makes it equal or larger than '
2143: A function that splits the input by comma and space, then checks if each element is equal to “AND”.
2144: A function that sorts an integer list in ascending order.  The input is given as strings of numbers, and the output
2145: Returns the key in dictionary that corresponds to given input. If no such Key exists, returns #F . Takes two parameters
2146: This function is used to generate an instance of the subclass. It takes three parameters, namely 'initial condition', and two
2147: This function checks if the radio software is installed and returns its version. If not, it prompts to guess which one by
2148: This function resizes the given rectangular 'Box' to fit within specified minimum size constraints. If it fits, returns original Box
2149: A function to lookup the InstanceID of an ECs. It uses AWS' Session Manager and its describe instances method if
2150: Discards newline characters from the beginning of string.   It recursively traverses through each character in input, if
2151: A function to calculate the smeared version of an input data matrix using given bandwidth and frequency in bandpass filter operation"
2152: A function that adds elements of two lists element wise. If one or both input are null, it returns the other's
2153: Generates the path to public release genomic haplotype tables in GCS bucket  .   Note that it is
2154: Get the nth element of list if exists, else return #false. This function is used to get previous node in tree
2155: Computes the mean of list elements.  If input is empty, returns zero . Otherwise computs and return average value from
2156: This function calculates the mid point of two points. The input is list containing x and y coordinates respectively . It returns another
2157: A function to calculate the decay factor of an LR schedule, based on current epoch and total number steps in training process."
2158: This function filters the list of endpoint objects based on whether they are core or not.  It uses dictionary references to check if
2159: Normalizes the given module name to remove any . or : in it.  It checks if there is '.' and repl
2160: Sorting the keys in list based on their latencies. The key with highest speed is at front of sorted array and so
2161: Returns the base name of file path. If no slash found, returns full filename . Otherwise return everything after last '/'
2162: A function that returns the temperature in Celsius given an input of seconds since midnight. The formula used is derived from therm
2163: A function that checks if the input is an exact positive two digit number. If not, it throws and error message stating its
2164: A function that encodes an 'actions' type into its corresponding route. If the actions does not start with @, it
2165: A function to truncates the given input into hours and minutes. The result is in format HH : MM . e
2166: Parse the major version of an X.X implementation string into its integer equivalent, if possible; otherwise return empty String."
2167: This function returns the name of training file based on given id and type .  'split' is used as an example,
2168: Converts string to boolean. If the input is yes or no, it returns True; if not then False otherwise throws
2169: Defines the title of binary numbers. 1st line is 'binary' and lastly it defines that numbering system
2170: Returns the difference of two vectors. 	Example usage :( sub [3,4] [-6,-7]) =>
2171: A function to convert the number of levels into an approximate power in Watts per Square Meter, based on some formula derived
2172: Add two lists of numbers. The first list is used as the base, and each element in both are added together with corresponding
2173: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses iteration instead if default scheme's built in fact
2174: A function that tells the robot to clean up by asking it's humans.  It is part of an autonomous
2175: A function to check if one list is subset of another.  It uses recursion and member procedure in Scheme language .
2176: This function calculates the centroïd of given coordinates in form [(averageLatitude averageLongtude)]
2177: Converts one length from the given input units to output Units using Standard International System of Unit .   Code : convert__
2178: This function generates the data needed to plot time signals.  It takes as input an object list of signal objects and returns another
2179: Recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It calculates fib(n)."   }]
2180: Checks if the first character of an input string is underscore. If it's not, then return false; otherwise
2181: Checks if the given parameter is valid VLAN id. A Valid ID should be an integer number between [start,
2182: This function calculates Young' Moduli of Steel material in the steel industry using its elastic modulii and density as input
2183: Returns the first birthday that matches with another. If no match is found, it returns #F."; }];]],
2184: A function that takes two lists, and returns the sum of their corresponding elements. If one list is empty while another isn'
2185: Convert two numbers into string with comma separated.  Example, if input is(10 ,3), output will be '
2186: Recursively join the elements of list with colon and comma separated. If element is null, it returns None in place instead
2187: A function that returns the header of an ASCII art.  It takes in one parameter, which is supposed to be text
2188: Returns the status of ZigBee Cluster Layer specific attributes.  The codes correspond to different error conditions in z
2189: Remove 'bgs' from the string.  Use regex to replace all instances of bug with nothing and return result as output
2190: Find the index of last watched video in directory. If no videos have been played, return -> NIL <-. Otherwise
2191: Checks if there are any profiles on the given list of pluggable objects.  Returns true or false accordingly, based
2192: Generates help text.   [Examples:]    format ("name") => 'Name' .     ... in other
2193: A function to check if the current loaded package is equal or not. If it's '#t', then we are
2194: Convert accented characters to their unaccented equivalents. If the input string contains an accentuated character, it
2195: This function takes in an array of JSON objects and the name/key to extract from each object. It returns all values associated
2196: Computes the sensitivity of an object to two events based on their IDs"   . "The function takes in as input
2197: This function takes in the URL of an article and strips it down to just its subredit. It does so by splitting up
2198: Convert the input into list of numbers.  It splits by spaces and converts each element to number type .   }
2199: Returns the input dataset with duplicated entries removed. 	Example usage : ((list '(1,3 ,4))
2200: Preprocessing transciptions to make them case insensitive.  This function takes as input the transcription and returns it
2201: A function to calculate the learning rate decay. It's used in SGD and other optimizers like Adam, RMS
2202: This function calculates the result of applying rotation to an input. It takes three arguments, two from previous states and one constant
2203: Convert object to text representation.  This function converts objects of different types into strings, including lists and numbers as well the
2204: checks if two sets of genotypes are equal.  If so, then the proband has recovered from infection and is
2205: Compute the optimal weight of items that can be packed in given bag. This function uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by
2206: This function returns the block numbers of different types in an architecture. It'll return error if it doesn’t know about
2207: Generates the possible locations that can be reached in one move from current location. This is determined by moving up, down ,
2208: A function to generate default names.  It generates 'n' number of variables with prefix as v'. The first variable will
2209: A function that returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  It checks if input is one among four known regions and then return
2210: Generates an image tag with the specified alternative text and URL.  The generated string is suitable to be embedded in HTML documents
2211: Converts underscores in the given string to stars. 1/3 of total characters are converted into star(
2212: Checks if the length of DNA sequence ‘dna’ is longer than another given 'DNA' string. If
2213: A function to calculate the percentage of an element within range. If all elements are equal, it returns full percentile; otherwise
2214: A function to reverse the string. It uses recursion and concatenation, which is an efficient way of reversing strings in
2215: A function that generates an enumerated string of medical images. The numbering starts from '0' and increments by one
2216: This function converts an API box from XYWH format to TF coordinates. It takes the four parameters of each rectangle
2217: Converts an inputted year of life into the corresponding body mass index in grams per cubic meter or kilograms
2218: Computes the sum of squares in list.  Given an input, it computs and returns square sums from all elements present
2219: A function that returns the wait interval in seconds based on number of retires. The base is set to be two, but
2220: Print the difference in time between two points. The result is converted to seconds and then multiplied by one million, giving an
2221: This function calculates the experience points needed to level up by increasing your character's base exp and then increases it exponentially
2222: A function to generate checkpoints filename based on epoch number .   [END] Code:.```python ```pythons
2223: This function finds the minimum index in an outer list of numbers. It uses recursion to find and return it, if necessary
2224: Sets the bit at position 'offset' in binary representation of number "value". This function is used to set or clear specific
2225: Checks if the input is zero or not. If it's non-"", then return true, else false; otherwise
2226: Flatens an input sequence into one dimension. If the element is not list, it's appended to result; if
2227: Returns the view scope of an image given its DICOM dictionary. The returned list is [xmin, xmax ,
2228: Computes the centroïd of given set/array or list.  It is calculated by averaging all elements in
2229: Checks if all elements in the list are equal. If so, returns true; otherwise false . "All" refers to
2230: Converts string representations of numbers and other types into numeric values.  If the input is already numerical, it returns
2231: Returns an element from its key. If it is present, returns that value; if absent or contains errors then throws error message
2232: This function calculates the score of an object based on its properties and other factors, including weighting factor .  The formula
2233: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based
2234: Extracts the indentations from lines. If no leading whitespace is present, returns an empty string; otherwise extract
2235: Checks if the given input is numeric. 10/3 => 4 and "abc" => false, etc
2236: Checks if the number is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or #T depending on whether
2237: A function to extract the family name from an input string. The output is always lowercase, and does not include any tra
2238: Checks if the input and output ports are within specified limits. If not, displays an error message to user; otherwise returns
2239: A function to generate the PostgreSQl URI.  The uri is used by other functions like connect, execute etc
2240: Checks if the provided column name matches with default value of process substitution. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .
2241: checks if the given issue is about theme in terms of its tags.  If it's true, then return True else
2242: Generates dictionary from list of hashes. This is done by iterating over the input and creating dictionaries out each hash
2243: Normalizes the package name by replacing underscores with dashes. It also converts to all lowecase letters,
2244: A function to check if one number is divisible by another.  It returns true or false depending on the remainder of division
2245: Convert time in seconds to milliseconds. Code snippet provided by the user, converted into one line of JavaScript function
2246: A function to check if the input is an Isograms. An "Isosgam" means that no letter can
2247: Expands the given list with 'x' and if it is not provided, defaults to "(defa...)"
2248: Removes duplicates from the input sequence. It uses recursion to iteratively remove elements that are already in "seen"
2249: Clips the given 'value' to be between two limits. If it is greater than   maximum limit, return max;
2250: This function takes in an integer and returns the corresponding register value. It checks if it is within range of valid registers on one
2251: Generates names using the format string and list of instance. The name is created by appending " __specimen_" to
2252: A function that returns the normalized version of an input string.  It supports SHA3 and MD4 algorithms, with additional
2253: A function to generate an array of the given length in reverse sorted order. The elements are generated by recursively calling itself with
2254: Recursively compares two lists element by elements. If the current position is equal to either of given positions, it will
2255: Generates the Alexandria Top Sitelist API URL with specified parameters .  The url is then used to fetch
2256: This function takes two arrays and mixes them by multiplying each element of the first array with its corresponding value in second one
2257: A function to calculate the area of trapes. It takes three arguments - two bases and one side length, returns error if
2258: Generates edges of the ring structure. The input is an array with three elements each, representing one edge in form(a
2259: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by both four and hundred then also needs
2260: Converts an RGB color to hexadecimal. 	Inputs are three integers between [0,16
2261: Computes the hash value of an object. The result is used as key in hashing tables and should be unique across all
2262: Generates the URL to access course timeline of specified university and semester."  [END]   .eol -
2263: A function to get the lower case version of input string.  It splits on spaces and converts all characters into their
2264: A procedure that returns the definition of an individual's grading based on their inputted score, if it exists in our
2265: This function takes in pairs of anotations and returns the list as is. If there are no more elements, it will
2266: Generates the union of two lists, excluding any nodes that are in one list.  This is equivalent to set difference
2267: A function to solve the coding problem 9.4 using dynamic programming approach, where you have an unlimited number of coins and
2268: Create query from list of keywords.  Returns string representation as SQL WHERE clause with ANDs and or'ed keyword conditions joined
2269: Computes the inverse of quaterions. Input is in form [a, b ,c] where '(abcd
2270: This function pads the sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length. If original string is longer than required, then padding will
2271: A function to encode special characters in HTML.  The input is assumed as plain text and the output will be encoded with &
2272: Adds the given 'amount' to each of R, G and B values in input list. If resulting value exceeds maximum
2273: Returns the value of bit at position 'K' in an octet. The function takes two parameters, "byte" and
2274: A function that takes three variables and returns "Blob", if the first two are greater than third, else it will return
2275: Code generates an ordered sequence of points in the form [(m*i +b, mod((mi^p), N
2276: Returns the median of longitude and latency in geographic coordinates.  Given an array, calculates average values by summing
2277: Reads the coordinates of points from input file. The first element is an integer and represents number, second one are floats
2278: Convert underscores to spaces in C language.  Code is used as an example of how the function works with input string
2279: Checks if the given list of numbers are valid as input to function checkCoord. If they're invalid it throws
2280: A function that adds two points in the plane.  It takes as input one point and another, returns their summation of
2281: Create or modify URLs with trailing slash.  If the provided string already ends in /, return it as is
2282: A function to find the windows with PIDs in common. It uses list processing and recursion techniques, checking each window
2283: A recursive function that returns the next power of two. For example, if you input 'num' as "4"
2284: Extracting the units of energy from an inputted wording in English language; if it is 'Watts', return
2285: A function to calculate the sum of two numbers, and then multiply it by three times another number in list format."
2286: A function that calculates the maximum decrease in parts. The input is two lists of integers, and it returns an integer representing
2287: Returns the path to an image resource.  The function is used by other modules/services that require images in their resources or
2288: Convert the given number of microseconds to seconds and milisecnds. Format it as minutes, secounds & ms
2289: Return all instances of cloud object storage.  [ Code snippet ] .'s get cos instance(ies).
2290: This function calculates the ratio of two values. If they are equal, it returns "NA". Otherwise return as list with
2291: A function to calculate the curve of film production based on input value "x". The formula used is f(X,Y
2292: Create an error function that calculates the decay of one gate in Interactive Reasoning Bots. The input parameters are
2293: Define Coq parameter.  Code snippet to be used in other files or projects that need parameters" .)))))
2294: This function calculates the percentage of CPU used by processes. It takes four arguments - user time, system times and process startup
2295: Converts the given value into zero based ten scale.  If it is in range, then return as string otherwise raise
2296: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on parameters 'a',	'b' and '_m'. The formula
2297: This function creates an array from the input list of strings. The output is in form as per requirement and each string element separated
2298: A recursive function that repeats an element. The input is the repeated item and how many times it should be replicated
2299: Normalizes the type of covariance estimation.  For nweights panel data, it uses Hierarchical Covariance
2300: This function builds the controlllers from definitions.  It takes as input list of controler definition and returns their combined form
2301: Returns the weight of an individual swimmer in kg based on their speed and height . The function takes as input his/her
2302: Format the given string by replacing newline characters with spaces and replacing square brackets [] 	with parentheses () .
2303: Cleans the input string by removing leading dots. If it's not already clean, adds one at beginning of sentence and
2304: Calculates the mean of numbers in list.  Input is number(s). Output will be average or Mean value as
2305: A function to check if the given number is zero. If it's not, returns 'false', otherwise - return "
2306: Computes the Levenshtein distance between two strings. The function takes in as input one string and another, computed
2307: A function to encode data in gamma encoding scheme" . "x -> gammma encoded value." (end
2308: Generates SQL insert statement.  Takes two arguments, the name of an sqlite3 database and list/array with
2309: Generates default user agent string based on the provided argument or 'unknown' if none given  .   Type : function,
2310: Convert the given complex parameter string to fft log format .  '(c)' is in [a,b] range
2311: This function converts the value of 'start' and ‘stop’ in an interval to be used as input parameters.
2312: Calculates the weight of an object. If config is not present, returns zero; if it's there but doesn’
2313: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI number. The base cases are defined as fib(n), where
2314: Creates an instance of the project class.  	     .   			      	  The format is id,name ,ext
2315: Returns the fraction of one side that is visible in current window.  This value can be used to adjust layout and rendering as
2316: A recursive function that loops through the color list, processing each item. The last processed value is returned as result of process
2317: Checks if values are within range of their respective sizes. If they aren't then raises an exception with relevant information about
2318: Create and return an address string.  The first part is the resource name, followed by its numeric value in hexad
2319: A function that renames the given 'Charge' of an atom in atomic model. If Charg is zero, it
2320: Computes the intersection of two rectangular clips. If either clip is completely to one side or entirely behind, returns #false
2321: Calculates the minimum of all elements in list.  If there are multiple such values, returns one with maximum index or '
2322: This function sorts the input dimensions in ascending order and returns its minimum.  If there is more than one dimension, it
2323: This function converts JACCARD similarity to DICE coefficient. It's an inverse of the dice coeff calculation
2324: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the concatenation or merge operation on all elements in that list.
2325: Returns the heat flux in watts per meter squared given an initial temperature difference and density of two points on Earth's
2326: Calculates the pooling probability of two groups. Inputs are counts in group A and B, returns average count over
2327: Check if two points are adjacent within the given position wiggliness.  If they're, return true; otherwise
2328: Get the total number of units in an object. If it is part only one type, return its unit value; if not
2329: Compute the bandwidth of an erlang channel with given carrier frequency in Hz."   [10 points] .
2330: This function rebalances the amount of asset 'a' in portfolio to match that owned by portfolios with weights equal
2331: This function takes in the value of one side, and returns its cotangent.  It uses trigonometric functions to
2332: This function finds the first file in list that contains given string. It uses filter and lambda to find files with specific strings
2333: Checks if the input is yes or Yes.  Returns true on match, false otherwise .   Code length :10
2334: A function that reorders the volumes in each list of samples. It does so by picking an element from every individual volume and
2335: Generates the href attribute value from class name.  Example : 'myClass' -> '_My__CLASS_.html
2336: A function that finds the highest and lowest peaks in an array of numbers. It uses recursion to iteratively check each number
2337: Convert an object to list. If the input is not of type 'List', convert it into one by wrapping in parent
2338: A recursive implementation of the knapSACK problem.  It takes an integer 'weight' and list/vector "
2339: A function to get the value of an installed configuration. If not found, it returns its 'Default' Value if provided otherwise
2340: A function that clamps the value of an integer within specified range. If it's outside, then limit is applied to
2341: Convert an array of strings to numbers.  If the input is not valid, return false otherwise true .   Code length should
2342: A function to generate gift list. It generates the gifts from one tree of partridges upto given input value, and
2343: A recursive function to calculate the product of all elements except itself. It uses helper functions "self" and "_". The
2344: Convert the configuration to E.SPEI format using DFTTK's internal functions and structures, converting each language
2345: Converts list of strings to float numbers.  Use map function and number? method in Scheme programming language .
2346: Checks if the given directories contain all necessary files.  If not, it returns #false; otherwise return true or an
2347: Checks if the input string is exactly length of ten characters. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code sn
2348: Checks if the string in line left to right. If it's numerically less than its predecessor, and all
2349: Checks if the given input is an integer scalar. 0, -1 and +/- infinity are considered as scalars
2350: Check if an identifier is exportable. This function checks whether the first character of its name equals '_' or not, indicating
2351: Calculates the number of bits needed to represent RSA keys. This is used in key generation and encryption/decryption processes
2352: Normalises service names to lower case, replaces hyphens and underscores with spaces.  Replaces double colons
2353: A function to calculate the hour rate of work. The input is number hours worked and total minutes in one working day, it
2354: A function that expands the given list by adding 'step' to each element in it.  It uses map and l
2355: This function takes in comma separated string and converts it into list of keyword value pairs. If input is not valid, returns
2356: This function performs division of two numbers. If the second number is not defined, it raises an error with message 'Cannot Div
2357: A function that converts an input string into its safe version. Safe means it only contains alphanumeric characters and question
2358: Convert Julian date to Modified julien day number 1968/73 .	Author(s):
2359: This function calculates the score of solution. The input parameters are three numbers, and it returns one number as output which is
2360: Returns the name of an uploaded file.  If it's sha hash based, remove its md4 and return only filename
2361: This function maps the string representation of an issue's priority to its corresponding numeric value.  High -> 90
2362: Scales the input Signal by Factor. – Code Name : ScaleSignaL . - Version Control Number
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers.  It takes into account that one number may be larger than another and calcula
2364: A function that sums the products of two numbers from three different lists if their sum is less than or equal to 'two thousand
2365: This function converts filenames to be more "safer" by replacing special characters with underscores, dots
2366: A function that takes in one argument, and if it's of type 'string', applies the formatting to its value
2367: Convert Height from feet and inch to centimeter in one line using let*. Define functions convert Foot into Centimeters,
2368: A function that returns the name of month based on its number and year. If an invalid argument is passed, it will return
2369: A function to calculate the arithmetic mean of two numbers. It takes as input an ordered pair and returns its first element divided
2370: A function that calculates the repetition time of an object with given parameters, where "width" is in mm and '
2371: A function to "flattens" lists. It takes in one list and returns another, where all nested sublists are
2372: Maps the given list of attribute lists to their corresponding indices. The output is then hashed using an algorithm that maps each
2373: Creates an integer that is the position of 'word' in its sorted version. If it’s negative, then we
2374: Check if the given set is subset of another.  Returns true or false accordingly."; ---}}}}} Code sn
2375: A function that converts an integer into its binary representation. It uses recursion to do so by dividing the number and
2376: Check if two domains are equal.  This function takes in the names of both dominions and returns true or false based on
2377: Returns the size of top 'n' largest elements in list.  "l" is inputted as an integer and represents
2378: Returns the symbol of given module name.  If not string, it converts to one using `(filename)->` .
2379: A function to calculate the integer square root of an input number. It uses binary search algorithm which is based on divide and conquer
2380: Checks if all characters in the string are unique.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." left right left
2381: A function that sends an email to the specified receiver with content as per RFC817.3, and
2382: A function to calculate the area of triangle. The input is two parameters, one represents length and other signifies breadth or
2383: Returns the year from date string. If input is not in correct format, returns #f or None if no match found .
2384: Check if the given object is scalar.  This includes numbers, strings and bytes but not sequences or inputs/ outputs etc..
2385: This function takes in the name of an image and returns its id. If it is not .jpeg, then return original
2386: find the index of an element in vector. If not found, return (-).   .:: Code :::.   ```(
2387: Converts degrees to gradian. This function takes an angle in degree and converst it into its equivalent of radiant
2388: Removes all keys in the dictionary that are not symbols.  This function is used to clean up data before it's
2389: A function to convert an IP address into its integer representation.  The bits are divided by the most significant byte first, and
2390: Converts the given routes to strings.  If they are dictionaries, it will use their name field as part of
2391: Generates the appropriate separators based on input.  It accepts three inputs - string, tab and comma respectively to generate corresponding
2392: Generates an URL based on the given file system paths .  e..g., /home => https:/.../.com
2393: Predicts the accuracy of predictions by comparing them with actual values. If both are null, returns zero as there is no
2394: A recursive function that finds all occurrences of 'to match' in sublists. If there is only one occurrence
2395: Generates HOIDs based on family ID. The number of digits in the output is always seven, starting with
2396: Checks if the given object is an arboreal organism.  The function checks whether it's of type
2397: Check if the given list of playing hands is flush. A "Flush" in poker means all five consecutive suits are equal
2398: Checks if temperature is in the range of specified thresholds.  If it's less than or equal to half
2399: A linear interpolation function.  It returns the value of an object at position 't' between two known points, where
2400: Check if the given path contains real data.  If so, return true; otherwise false or raise an error depending on whether
2401: Checks if the document ids of two spans match. If they do it returns true else false . This
2402: Filters out empty values from the input dictionary.  It uses 'map' and dict ref to iteratively go through each
2403: Calculates the total intakes of calories based on BMR and Activity Levels" .'   ### END OF CO
2404: A function that tests if the argument is equal to 'arg' which equals fourty two. If it does, then raises
2405: Creates an identifier with the given name and optionally appends to its namespaces.  If no additional prefix is provided
2406: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with .css extension removed.  It is used to convert st
2407: Generates ranges of indices based on the number 'v' given. This is used to partition an array into equal parts or
2408: This function returns the remaining files in 'allfiles' after moving those specified by ‘movedfilelist’. It
2409: Checks if the given tree is balanced. A binary trees are considered to be "Balance" when each level of depth
2410: Finds the peak in an array. It starts by checking if there is only one element left, then checks whether it'
2411: A function that generates the hash value of an input string. It uses recursion to calculate and return one character at time,
2412: A function that takes three arguments and returns the result of linear transformation.  The first two are scalars, while third is
2413: A function to get the type from schema property. If it's list and contains 'Null', then recursively call itself
2414: A function that calculates the y value of an equation given three parameters.  The formula is ax + by = e .
2415: Count the number of ways to make change using minimum coin denominations. The function takes an integer as input and returns count,
2416: Generates the same length string of dashes (-).  It takes an input 'word' and creates its equivalent dash pattern
2417: Deduplicates non disjoint tuple spanned by the input. If there is only one span, returns it as such;
2418: Returns the appropriate form of word based on whether number is positive or negative. If not, returns original string otherwise return its pl
2419: Checks if the input string is blank.  It returns true when it's an empty or whitespace only line,
2420: Update the dictionary 'b' in place with values from another one.  The keys of both dictionaries are used to update
2421: Returns the pair of values with priority.  The first value is simply returned and its priorities are not changed, while all
2422: Generates the joint card of two cards.  The first and second elements are used to form one element in resultant pair
2423: This function returns the type of edit required to change one string into another. If they are identical, it is an identity operation
2424: Checks if the input is either an atom or function.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
2425: This function returns the parameters of EfficientNet models in PyTorch, given their names as input."  	; Ex
2426: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can choose 'n' items from an unordered set with k distinct
2427: Convert an unsigned int to bytes. The result is in little endian format."  ```    Code explanation : This function conver
2428: Creates an object with the given tag and appends its name to it.  The new string is created by concatenating
2429: This function generates the output subfolders based on input parameters. It can generate either one folder name or multiple names depending upon
2430: Returns the list of discard segments based on given parameters. If no such segment exists then returns empty List .	.   ;
2431: A function that generates the first n FIBONACCI numbers as strings. It uses recursion to generate each number,
2432: A recursive function that divides the input list into temporal chunks of equal duration. The output is an ordered sequence where
2433: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an integer, and it returns that number
2434: A function to replace the timezone in UTC by its equivalent value. It takes either string or list of strings as input and
2435: A function that maps the value from one range to another. It takes into account both ranges' minimums and maximumes
2436: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its cleaned version, removing any .CSV extension. If it
2437: Checks if the given number is binary palidromic. A string of digits in base two can be read same
2438: Break the input string into separate word list.  This is equivalent to split(stuff, ' ', true).   It
2439: A function to add sign in the beginning of numbers. If input is positive, it adds 'plus' at start and returns
2440: Converts temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit. Code provided by user." (test "
2441: This function calculates the pump time in minutes by adding an additional factor to base times.  The input is both pumping
2442: A function to remove leading and trailing spaces from string.  Use the built in 'trims' method if available,
2443: A function to calculate the horizontal speed of an object in meters per second given its initial velocity and time taken by it .
2444: This function checks if the 'distance' is greater than or equal to its own value and returns either true(="yes
2445: Given four numbers, return the conjugates of these 4 points in order. Conjunctions are defined as negations
2446: Flatens the input list of dicts into simple term lists.  If an element is not in dictionary format, it will
2447: A tail recursive function to add two numbers. It uses the fact that adding one number and subtracting it once is equivalent
2448: A function that returns the canonical name of an Entity. If it's one from 'All Users', then return its
2449: Checks if input is 'YES' or just y.  Returns true when yes, false otherwise and ignores case
2450: A function to create an affine transformation matrix.  The parameters are the upper left x,y coordinates and resolution of each
2451: Returns the last letter of input string. For example, "hello" would return 'o'. If there is no character in
2452: Checks if the input is an sARIF file.  It uses dictionary and string operations to check whether it has required
2453: A function to check if the bit at given position is set in an integer. This checks whether or not there's any
2454: Calculates and returns an array of two numbers representing one or more ranges from which it will select random posts on given Instagram feed
2455: Generates text from list of verbs.  It joins the elements into one string separated by space character(s).   .
2456: A function to get the URL of an NHL Player's profile page on statsAPI .  The input is his /
2457: Generates an Event Message. 1 parameter is the identifier of who sent it and another one represents what type/kinds
2458: Duplicates the elements in inputted lists.  Inputs are checked to ensure they're indeed Lists, and
2459: Code to fix the big drum hit sound in Taiki's game. It takes two arguments, "ticks" and
2460: A function that returns the name of an employee's supervisor. If no such person exists, it will return 'Null
2461: Checks if the given string is an URL.  It uses regex to check whether it matches one of three common protocols,
2462: A function to find the first occurrence of an element in list. If not found, it returns -n . The search is
2463: A function to validate if the input is of type 'List'. If not, it throws an error.  "option":
2464: Generates an interpolation factor between 1 and the given value, depending on its position in relation to another parameterized function
2465: A function that returns the length of longes t in string. It splits input into strings and then compares their lengths
2466: This function takes in an optional flaired text and returns the corresponding URL. If no input is given, it simply outputs nothing
2467: Checks if the input is an operator. The function checks whether it's of arity zero, one or two and
2468: This function generates the beam elements in eulers problem. The parameters are length, width and Young's modulus .
2469: A function that calculates the Mahaboobsian distance between two points in n dimensions using Hubert's formula,
2470: Returns the list of values from each tuple in 'items' that correspond to given indices. If no value is found, it
2471: Generates the URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs on BioConductors website, based upon specific parameters like
2472: Returns true if the given input is unique in ASCII. It uses recursive iteration to check each character of an ascending
2473: Returns the name of lambda scheduler event function.  This is used to get scheduling information about an application's threads
2474: Finds the smallest value in an array. It uses list comprehension to iteratively compare each element of 'inputArrays
2475: A function to calculate the CatMULL curve one point at time using cubic polynomials and bicubics polynomial interpolation in
2476: Extracts the necessary information from each item in `procData` and returns it as list of lists with keys :'
2477: Parses the given list of results and returns them as comma separated strings.  This is useful when you want to display
2478: This function checks if the given constraints are met. If they're not, it adjusts or keeps values within limits as
2479: Code defines the function divide.  Input is two numbers, and returns their division result as output."  ```" . "
2480: Given an image bounding box, return the area of that rectangle.  This is calculated by subtracting top left x and
2481: A function to calculate the F score of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls .   The formula used is
2482: A simple script to display command line arguments. 1 argument is expected, the name of an executable file or program."
2483: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were replaced by underscores.  For example
2484: Check if the given input is an empty string.  If it's not, then return false; otherwise true."
2485: Check if the given Year Is Least Common Multiple of Four.   . If yes, return true; otherwise false."
2486: Checks if two values are almost equal up to specified number of decimal points. If the absolute difference between them is less than
2487: Convert the given name to an implementation file or directory path.  If it is not string, return as same value .
2488: Normalizes the given starting point. If no dimension size is provided, it returns zero; if negative or greater than specified by
2489: A function to filter out certain types of ignored or unwanted .txt and/or ‘.log’ extension in the
2490: A function that generates the first n numbers in an arithmetic progression. The sequence is defined by three parameters, two of
2491: A function that maps HTTP status codes to their corresponding category. For example, map the number '8' into its respective string
2492: A function that returns the name of an entity based on its role in conversation.  The names are predefined and correspond
2493: Code defines function that returns the number of items in an object. It checks if input is one and return 'one item',
2494: Encodes the input sequence into ASCII characters using provided symbol set. The length of output is proportional to size/complexity
2495: Checks if the input is an http url.  It returns true or false based on whether it'll be considered as
2496: Checks if the given input is either an integer or floating point number. If it's not, returns false; otherwise
2497: Checks if the input is an ASCII channel. This function checks whether or not it starts with any of these characters (#
2498: Calculates the taxicabulary distance between two points in Euclidean space. The function takes as input pairs of coordinates, and
2499: This function calculates the percentage of assembly length.  Given two parameters, it returns how much longer or shorter an object is
2500: A recursive function that converts an alphanumerical character list into one line of numerically encoded digit characters.
2501: A function that transforms the input value 'u' by multiplying it with ten and subtracting two from its result,
2502: A function that takes in an array of exam scores and returns the same list with any score over or equal to three eighths
2503: Returns true if all keys in the hash are present and their values match those of 'datatpoints' otherwise false.
2504: Returns the resized size of an image.  Input is two elements list containing original dimensions and desired output dimension, returns new
2505: Returns the argument list type.  It is used to get all types of arguments passed in function calls, and it works recurs
2506: Returns the result of multiplying input by sixteen. This function is used to convert an integer into its hexadecimal
2507: Removes the namespace from string. If it starts with {, remove everything after that until next space or end of line is
2508: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by four, then its considered
2509: Converts the given symbolic representation of memory to its human readable form. (provided by : . )
2510: Check if there are any files in the given list that aren't being track.   Code checks whether or not an empty
2511: A function that finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers using iteratively. The algorithm works by repeatedly subtracting one number
2512: This function searches an element in the given sorted, lexicographically ordered two dimensional array. It uses recursive search on
2513: Este código define una función que realiza la resta de dos n�meros enteridos. Si los numeradores son
2514: Computes the time and pressure at which an object reaches its maximum height in water using Newton's law of gravitation,
2515: A function that filters elements in lists, vectors and strings based on their domains. If the element contains given string or subpart
2516: Creates an empty grid of size "n". The outer list represents the rows and each inner element is another row. Each
2517: A recursive function to count the number of distinct prime sequences that can be formed from given numbers. The sequence is defined as
2518: This function takes in an input tuple, replaces all instances of '-' with nothing and removes parentheses. The result
2519: Creates list from string. The function splits the input by commas and returns each word as an element of its own
2520: A recursive function to calculate the sum of squares. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it
2521: A function to create an ISO date. 1st argument is the Year, second one Week of that month and third Arg
2522: A function that removes leading zeros from the string representation of numbers. It uses recursion to handle large strings efficiently and avoid
2523: Appends zero to the start of numbers less than ten. For example, appendZero(3); returns '0'
2524: Checks if one string is the prefix of another.  It uses recursion to check each character in both strings until it
2525: A function that generates the FIBONACCI sequence up to 'n'. It uses recursion and memoization.
2526: Normalizes the slot names of an object. If it is not string, then returns original value unchanged; if contains space(
2527: Removes parentheses from the beginning and end of each list element in input.  If there is no closing bracket
2528: Code snippet to calculate the product of two lists. The input is list pairs and output will be another pair containing products
2529: Calculates the monthly payment of an unsecured mortgage. The input is three parameters - total amount borrowed, annual rate
2530: A function that generates the first n FIBONACCI numbers. The sequence starts with [(n), ..., ]
2531: Converts inches to millimeters using the conversion factor of .031876 mm/inch   Code
2532: Function to calculate the brightness of an RGB color. The formula used is average calculation, but with different weights depending on how bright
2533: Retrieves the task id from message. If no such information is present, it tries to get that in request's
2534: A function that calculates the FIBonacci sequence. The input is an integer, and it returns its corresponding value
2535: Converts string to list of ASCII values. 1st character is at the beginning, last one in end and
2536: A function to add an element into the list if it's not already there.  If so, return original depar
2537: Computes the deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit and detects whether they are within or outside given tolerances,
2538: A function to check if the worker id is in list of workers. If it'is, returns true; otherwise false."
2539: Removes duplicated entries from the list of notes.  The function uses recursion to traverses through each note and
2540: This function rotates the bits of an integer type. The rotation is done by shifting and bit wise OR operation on right side
2541: A list containing the US territories and their respective codes.  The first element is an array where each item in index i
2542: Generates one line output of the function.  The input is split into lines and then appended with newline character to
2543: Create new list with dimensions of the original one by adding or subtracting specified margin values. This is done to create padded
2544: Sorts the given list of location names.  The sorting is done lexicographically, ie., alphabet
2545: Computes the depth of quadratic curve defined by two points.  The formula used is derived from Pythagoras'
2546: Returns "W", if the input is negative, returns 'O', otherwise it will return an empty string. If there'
2547: A recursive function to multiplying two numbers. If the second number is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise add first value
2548: Returns the minimum of two numbers. If one is not provided, it defaults to another number which must be greater than 0
2549: A function to lookup in dictionary lists. If the value is found, return it; else continue with next dict onwards until
2550: Convert all the characters in input string to upper case. Replace spaces with underscores (_).  Removes leading and
2551: Convert parameters from query strings to integers. This function will split the input parameter by comma and convert each part into an integer,
2552: Converts locales to lower case or upper. If the string contains '-' it splits by hyphen and conver
2553: Get the position of an element in list. If it' not found, return false; else returns its index within array/
2554: Returns the height of tree represented by 'node'. If no nodes are present, it returns 1. Otherwise return maximum depth
2555: A function to merge bins of numbers. The bin is defined as the list [a, b], where '(>= -
2556: This function checks if the input is two elements long and contains only one of each element. It returns true or false accordingly depending
2557: A binary search implementation in Scheme. It takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the number to be searched within that
2558: Checks if two grades are identical. If the absolute difference between them is zero, it returns true; otherwise false . It
2559: This function takes in two parameters and returns the result of moving one unit to left. If it's at position(Y
2560: Checks if the given object supports standard output allocation.  Returns true or false depending on whether it does support all its rout
2561: A function to return the unique elements in order of their first appearance. The result is stable across calls, ie., two
2562: A function to count the number of unique English word in given string.  It splits and counts each individual character as an
2563: Checks if the input is NaN. This function checks whether or not an argument represents "Not A Number" value in
2564: A recursive function to generate the sequence of numbers from one number downwards or up till another.  The result is returned
2565: Generates the member declarations from list of tuples.  Each tuple contains two elements - name and type . It
2566: This function maps the range of values from one scale to another. It's useful when you need perform linear transformations on data
2567: A function that returns the union of two crops. The result is represented as four numbers representing their minimum and maximum coordinates in
2568: Checks if list is sorted. Code uses recursion to check each element in the array against its successor, returning true only
2569: This function takes in the description of each step as an argument and returns all steps' sequences. It uses recursion to iter
2570: Convert PGN number to integer. Returns the equivalent of given string in peg game notation, or zero if not recognized as
2571: A function that maps values from one range to another. It uses linear interpolation if the ranges are not equal, otherwise it
2572: Checks if the inputted string is in an array of known domains.  If it's not, returns #false
2573: Parses the input to return all strings in it.  If an argument is not of type list or str, returns
2574: A function to extract numerals and letters from the given string. The result is in form of list where first element contains all
2575: Checks if all three strings are of length less than or equal to ten. If yes, returns true; otherwise false/
2576: This function normalizes the input value by scaling and shifting it to be between zero & one. It's used in various
2577: Returns the fractional parts of each component in list 'a' when divided by 4. If there is no fourth element
2578: Code defines function that takes two arguments, an accumulator and either the result of applying some data selection to it or just returns
2579: A function to check if the point is on an outer edge of rectangle.  "p" represents any position within rectangles
2580: describe the flip angles of an object.  if given return its Flipping Angles otherwise returns UNKnown .'s
2581: Returns the value of display associated with 'key' in given dictionary. If not found, returns false/undefined . ."
2582: Change spaces in the inputted text to underscores.  This is an example of using builtin functions and syntaxes
2583: Remove all spaces from the inputted text.  It splits on any whitespace character and joins them back together with no
2584: Checks if the input is of length exactly equal to 'n' characters. If not, it returns #F otherwise return
2585: Returns the type of manumal relationship based on input parameters.  If uni or bi, it returns 'manuman
2586: Returns the day type of given string. If it'a mon to fri, returns MONDAYS TO FRID
2587: Computes the mean of numbers in list.  Code is named "average".  	     .
2588: Renames all duplicate struct names in the list of given structure. It'll keep track on how many times it has ren
2589: Extracted prefix of DOI from the given URI. If provided as an argument, it will return its first part else throws
2590: This function takes two lists of segments and returns the combined list after revising each segment according to some criteria. It uses recurs
2591: Generates all possible subsequences of the input string.  The number 'N' is used to specify how many characters in
2592: A function to set the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. This is equivalent with setting or creating an
2593: A recursive function to substitute the first occurrence of '(%' with '%'. The remaining part is left as it.
2594: Calculates the vibrational index from NDVI and DBI.  VIBRATIONAL INDEX = DIV
2595: A function to calculate the number of binary strings with alternating ones and zeros. The length is given by 'n'.
2596: Returns the list of inverse coordinates.  For each point in 'point' returns another pair where first element is y coordinate and
2597: Generates the schema of an item with given parameters and returns it as list containing version number & description .   [END]
2598: A function that maps the number of input channels to their corresponding output channel sizes.  The ratio is determined by dividing each
2599: A function that converts time deltas into seconds. It takes an object of type TimeDelta and returns the number representing
2600: A function to convert conduction frequency into imaginary permittivities in SI units . The conversion factor is given by the formula
2601: This function checks the total mood level of an individual. It returns different numbers based on their current overall emotional state, with lower
2602: This function calculates the volume of an element with dimensions given by 'n' x ‘m’ . The dimension is
2603: A function that replaces { $ origin } with the current date and time.  If no input is given, it leaves
2604: Converts string to integer. If the input is not numerically representable, returns ‘zero’ or 'false
2605: A function to call the robot's subroutine. If it has more than one argument, splits them into parts
2606: This function returns the color associated with each loglevel.  It is used to format output text in colourful terminal environments,
2607: A function that separates the input string into chunks of size one hundred. The result is an array where each element corresponds
2608: A function that divides each element of the first input by every corresponding 	elements in second. If any division is not
2609: A function to shift the starting point of all fragments in one specific segment. It checks if there is any overlapping, and
2610: A function to calculate the cost of electricity tariffs. The rate changes depending on time during day and weekend days, between certain
2611: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Code snippet from an online source, provided
2612: Generates the WKT representation of point with given coordinates.  The result is in EPSG Code way to represent ge
2613: A function that converts RGB values to hexadecimal. It takes three arguments representing the individual color components of an image
2614: A recursive function to compute the pochamner's constant. It computes an approximation using only integers and requires
2615: Generates command line arguments to run the given application with provided parameters.  For example, get mr -f /home
2616: Creates an empty board of the specified dimension. The function is recursive and uses helper functions to create each row in sequence
2617: Generates major version numbers from the list of given strings.  The function uses regex to replace non numeric characters with nothing
2618: Copies all keys and values from one dictionary to another.  The destination is always the original, but it can be modified
2619: Calculates the proportion of elements in list that are present at least once. This function takes three arguments, two lists and one
2620: A function to format label names in the dictionary.  If no input is provided, it returns an empty string; otherwise formats
2621: A function to calculate the F score given two parameters, Precision and Recall . If either of them is less than or
2622: A function to calculate BMI based on height and width of the person in cm .   [Your Name] : Calculates
2623: This function takes in an object and returns its list of lists representation. If the input is not recognized as such, it will
2624: Flatens the list by merging nested lists.  It works recursively on elements of input, and if it encounters
2625: A function that returns either 'true' or false based on whether the two inputs are equal. This is used to check if
2626: Code creates an iterative delay based on the inputted number of iterations, which is then returned as output by function iterationDelay
2627: Convert string to list. If input is not str, convert it into an element of the same type as its parent object
2628: A function that rotates the elements of list by one. If there are no items in array, it returns an empty set
2629: A function to remove duplicated packages from the list. It uses 'SET' data structure and checks if each package is already
2630: Returns the host name of given POD and NODE.  If not provided, it returns #F .  		.
2631: A function to get the start activity of all activities in an ordered list based on their values. If there is no such thing
2632: This function checks if the given file is licensed under MIT.  It returns true or false accordingly depending on whether it's
2633: A function that checks if the input number is greaterthanthree. If it's bigger, returns"Biggerthan
2634: Code generates prime factors of an input integer. It uses the Sieve's algorithm to find all primes up until sq
2635: Converts feet to meters in one line using simple arithmetic operations .   Code length : xxx lines    Author/
2636: Calculates the value of an integer raised to power. It calculsulates using recursion and iteration method with different approaches .
2637: This function groups the given list of racers by their closing times. It takes each racer and maps them to all other
2638: Code that returns the quot of two numbers. If divisor is zero, it will return ‘Zero’ and if not
2639: A function to calculate the area of rectangle. Inputs are its bases and heights, outputs is their product ie., length
2640: Checks if two operations are equal or possible to eliminate.  If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true
2641: zip directory and its subdirectories.  It will recursively go through all the directories in 'src' folder, create
2642: Finds all dictionaries in the list that contain an entry with given 'key' and matches provided ‘value’.
2643: Code to convert the first two characters of string input into upper case. If it's not possible, return 'ERROR'.
2644: Computation of electrochemical transport function based on parameters from Landé'sches Feinstatut and Fischer
2645: Calculates the total number of cards in one player's "hand". The function takes as input an object representing players hands
2646: A recursive function to remove punctuation from string. It checks if the first character of input is not alphapet
2647: A recursive function that flattens nested lists. It checks if the first element of each list is not null and then
2648: This function takes an input string and removes the last two characters of it. If there are more than one hyphen, only
2649: A function that converts an IPv4 address to its equivalent in the full form. If it's already fully expanded,
2650: This function calculates the product of elements at specific indices in list. The input is two lists, one representing each layer'
2651: A function that colorizes the log levels. It takes in an input and returns colored version of it based on its type,
2652: Negates the result of an operation. If it's divisible by 'x', then negation will yield zero,
2653: This function takes two numbers and the sequence of lengths, then returns new sequences that are scaled by multiplying both input values.
2654: Generates an empty list of keys.  The size is equal to the number specified by 'rows'. Each element in that
2655: This function takes an argument and returns the opposite of that number if it is numeric, otherwise return "none". It'
2656: Returns true if the argument is either of type number or string that can be converted to numeric.  Otherwise, returns false
2657: This function takes in the name of an Ensembl Gene and returns its Isotypic part. It is used to get
2658: Normalizes the input list of numbers. The normalization process involves dividing each number in our data set by its corresponding value from
2659: A function that doubles the input. The name of it is x times, because you can multiply by any number to
2660: Check if the source and destination of an IP address match in two different packets.  The function returns true when both conditions are
2661: Creates an initial value of the variable 'v' by dividing it with constant.  This is done to ensure that
2662: A function to compute the derivative of REpresentational Linear Units.   .    Code is defined as an activation/re
2663: Extract argument names from comments. This function takes as input the content of one line or block, and returns an error if
2664: A function to get day of Week.  It takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding string representation in English like Monday
2665: A function to calculate theta in damped harmonic oscillator model.  The input is time 't' and damping factor
2666: Computes the perpetuation value of an investment with given parameters.  The formula is derived from Percentage Points Grow
2667: Converts an input into list format. If the given argument is not already in form of List, it conversts
2668: Checks if the input is valid URL. Returns true or false based on whether it's an HTTP/HTTPS
2669: Returns the DOPLLER scalar from an input profile and speed ratio, if validated by checking whether it's greater
2670: Code to solve the problem of finding an even number's bitwise representation in base two. It uses recursion and division
2671: Puts the complexity of an indexed list in its place. If it's null or negative, returns zero; if
2672: Code to get the hVAC status of an object. This function is used in getting data from database or other sources related
2673: This function calculates the determinant of 6D matrix formed by three points. The formula is derived from cross product and
2674: Checks if the given number of electrons is compatible with an array list. It checks whether all sites have equal or nearly identical
2675: This function calculates the silver score of two teams. If both scores are equal, it returns half points; if one team
2676: A function to normalizes the input values by adding half of them and then rounding it off, making sure that after normalization
2677: Returns all the input tokens that are within maximum length and not in list of Reserved Token.   "reserves"
2678: A function to hash strings. The hashing algorithm is based on the remainder of summing up each character's ASCII
2679: A function to calculate the padding size needed.  It takes two parameters, 'value' and an alignment parameter ('align').
2680: Check if the provided object is an HTTP API resource with default authorization.  If not, it checks whether its parent dictionary
2681: A function to generate the model' s string representation. It takes in three parameters - batch size,learning rate and number of
2682: Fill in the missing white space characters.  Code to replace all new line, tab and return character with their respective escape
2683: Prepending an element to the beginning of List.  Returns new modified version as result, maintaining order and length consistency with input
2684: “Determines the azimalithic integration method to be used.” (code): list of methods that
2685: A function to generate the FTS index from given string.  It splits input into individual terms and then applies wildcard
2686: Checks if the input is one of comparison operators. 1/0 otherwise . If not, throws an error message with
2687: Publishes the devices specified in PATHS. If no device is provided it will be run with --no-deploy
2688: Create or return the list of elements in one line. If not provided, returns none." (defun lisp
2689: Convert all characters in the input to strike through.  Use Unicode character u+DD48 as strikethrough
2690: Extraction of the user name from AWS Credentials. (Extracting User Name From Aws Access and Id
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer. 1st character is converted into its corresponding decimal value, then the next one and so
2692: Defines an out of bounds exception. If the given coordinates are not within grid boundaries, it returns true; otherwise false is
2693: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique, where previously calculated results
2694: Clamps the given number between two bounds. If 'value' is less than lower bound, it returns minimum of both;
2695: A function that returns the string with comments in it.  The comment is prefixed by # and suffexed after .
2696: Produce list of molecules that have more than the given number chains.  Code is based on filtering by length and type,
2697: Converts the given number into string with comma as decimal separator.  Code is used to convert numbers in cents,
2698: Computes the dot product of two lists. The function takes in list1 and List as input, returns an integer that represents
2699: Returns the index of first occurrence in list 'features' that matches with given input string. If no match is found, returns
2700: Convert Binary to Deciaml using recursion. A helper function is used that takes the current value of 'index'
2701: A function to find the longest common subsequence of two lists. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and recursion
2702: A function to interpolates between two points. It's used in various computations involving linear transformations and animating objects moving
2703: Removes the last character of string if it's slashes. Otherwise, leaves as is and returns inputted strings unchanged
2704: Generates the URL to subscribe or unsubscribe from NetID.  Takes in two parameters - 'NetId' and
2705: A function to determine the type of an inlet/outlets based on its length. The result is either "thumb",
2706: Counts the number of matching letters in two strings. If they are equal, it increments count by one and moves on
2707: A function that generates the call stack of frames. It starts from current one and goes up to system level, recording each step
2708: Converts the hubble constant from km/s to pc in one line of python program"   .split(" "
2709: Count the number of occurrences in one word. It takes two arguments, 'content' and an individual letters that is
2710: This function calculates the probability of winning in chess. It takes two arguments, 'e' and its opponent ('o
2711: A function to dump datetime in the form of date and time.  If no argument is provided, it will return current local
2712: This function converts the score of an individual's match in two players to its string representation. If it is negative,
2713: Filter events based on status, visibility and time.  It checks if the self is not an action or its actions are up
2714: Returns the output list if both 'use' and tuple are true, else returns an error.  If only one of them
2715: Removes the given dictionary's entry with specified 'KEY'.  If no such an existing KEY exists, it returns original
2716: A function that takes two arguments and returns the sum of their elements at index positions. It uses list referencing to access individual
2717: A function to convert locale string into RFC 3081 alpha format. It splits by hyphen and maps
2718: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and remainder operator in order not only find
2719: Given two lists, returns the elements that are not in second list.   Code is used to filter out common items from first
2720: A function that returns the usage type associated with an encryption or signing algorithm.  It checks if provided input is in list ["
2721: Converts list to GHA. If the number is negative, it will be converted as if we were adding one more
2722: Count the number of set bits in an integer. It's based on bit manipulation and recursion to count how many
2723: This function finds the maximum sum of sub array in an input list. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by keeping track and
2724: checks if the last element of an array is "__" or not. If yes, then it returns true otherwise false;
2725: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI series. The first two numbers in fib sequence are always zero and one,
2726: Convert string to list of strings.  Split the input by spaces and join them back together into one single sentence separated with
2727: A function to sort an array of timestamp tuples in ascending order.  The first element is used as the primary
2728: Creates and modifies an array of C data.  The input is the HEXADECIMAL string,
2729: Converts hex array to as ASCII characters. 1 byte = 3 hexes -> 4 chars in the
2730: Convert list to pair.  If input is not of type "Pair", return empty List, else convert the first element and
2731: Convert wxString to GdkPixbuf.  The string contains & character which indicates the end of text, so it
2732: Returns the RGB values of an object with colors in Gamma space. The input is three numbers representing R,G and B
2733: This function takes an input of two numbers and returns the smallest number between them. If they are equal, it just return one
2734: Returns the path of an HTTP request. 1 line only, no context or extra information needed to be displayed in one single
2735: This function displays the string I am going to sleep if its input is equal with number one, otherwise it will display that i
2736: Returns the list of ants that contain at least one baseline. The function takes two arguments, 'ants' and another argument
2737: This function calculates the middle point of two points. It takes four parameters representing x and y coordinates, respectively."
2738: Checks if an object is of type oval.  Returns true or false depending on the presence and formatting/type
2739: Function to get the previous element in an ordered sequence. If at start of list, return last item instead" . (
2740: Code that sums two numbers. If the first number is less than or equal to second, it adds them together and returns result
2741: Builds the URL to run an existing Experiments.  Input is BaseURL and id of experiments, Output will be complete
2742: A recursive function that replace all instances of the patterns in list with corresponding replacement strings.  It's used to perform
2743: Checks whether there exists an empty cell at specified location with number 'n' on provided game/grid layout using list comprehens
2744: This function converts the ship's name to its toolname.  It is used in game development where ships are named
2745: Checks if the given conditions are equal to yes or no. 1/0 output based on whether they're true
2746: This function calculates the minimum of two numbers, with an extra factor applied to each number if they are greater than halfway
2747: This function takes an alphanumerical string as input and returns the same digitcodes. It does not take into account
2748: Compute the arithmetic mean of two numbers.  The result is an approximation to be used in statistical analysis or decision making
2749: Calculates the number of steps required to iteratively solve an optimization problem. The solution is performed within given constraints and returns total
2750: Check if bit at position 'offs' in the binary representation of number "val" is set. If it isn’t
2751: Returns the input string sanatized to upper case and remove non Hexadecimal characters.  '(defun
2752: A recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which
2753: Returns the hexadecimal number of an integer. The input is considered as decimal and its equivalent in HexaDec
2754: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'true' or false', return true/false respectively, otherwise throw an
2755: Check if the given input is palidromic. If it's not, return false; otherwise true."   .
2756: Computes the slope between two vectors. If they have same coordinates, returns 1 otherwise it computates and return its value
2757: Create groups of size "n" from the list. The order in which elements are grouped is not guaranteed, but all
2758: Returns the K' th bit of X. This function is used to get specific bits from an integer."   }]],
2759: This function takes two arguments, an array of strings and the index to start cutting from. It returns all substrings starting at
2760: Separates nested lists into their constituent elements.  If the input is not list or contains multiple levels of nesting
2761: A function that returns the competition level of an octane. The input is two parameters, 'year' and "match number
2762: This function creates weather key based on given coordinates.  It is used to generate unique identifier of the location in which data will
2763: Transposes the matrix represented by input.  It's basically converting rows to columns and vice versa in an array of
2764: This function takes an URL and adds http if it doesn't already start with 'www.' or https. If the
2765: Checks if the given input is palidromic. 10 digit numbers are considered as valid inputs to check whether
2766: Create an email title based on the number of hours in 'span' and apply to all emails with conditions.   .```
2767: Parses the given fat format of dates. It takes an integer input and returns three values representing days, months & years
2768: A function to print green text in the console.  'message' is passed as an argument and printed with color change from
2769: Check if string is decimal. "Decimals" are numbers that have at least one digit after the point or comma,
2770: Checks if the input is string. 1/3 of total lines in Clojure language file.."
2771: This function calculates the axis ratio of an ellipse given its semi major and minor radii, with some simplification
2772: Calculates the Julianday number of date. It takes as input an integer representing years since JCM, and returns
2773: A function to create new node in the tree.  The parameters are left, value of current Node , right child and balance
2774: Checks if an input string contains the same case as another. If so, returns true; otherwise false .'s name
2775: checks if the given string is wild card. If it starts and ends with '*' then returns true else false .
2776: Parses the given string into its components. The input is assumed to be in CSV format with each component separated by
2777: A recursive function to compute the power of two.   [...]" . ${summary}`, `${}
2778: get the maximum value and its index in list.  If there is no max, return nil or '(nil).'
2779: Generates an URI to access the service.  This is used in client applications that need URLs of services hosted on servers
2780: Convert target names to ids. If the string starts with '#', remove it; otherwise, add '.' at start of
2781: A function to remove duplicated from the list of tweet.  It uses helper recursive method which keeps track on what has
2782: Checks if the input character(s), in either lower or upper case, are one of our defined set/set'
2783: Converts the given string to title case. It is used in generating human readable names from snake cases or any
2784: Counts the number of times an input string appears in another.  It uses space to separate different terms and returns count as
2785: Rearrange the elements in an array.  Code is provided to reorganize and sort given list of numbers into asc
2786: A robot that tidies itself after being given the task of cleaning.  It waits until it's human to
2787: A function that adds the given points to an existing player's current total, and increases their experience by one if they have
2788: A function to find all the prime numbers less than or equal . The number is passed as an argument. It uses recursion
2789: Compare two groups of policies, tenant and name.  Return true if all conditions are met; otherwise false .'s"
2790: Creates an integer that represents the number of samples in one second.  The function takes two arguments - 'Time' and
2791: A function that calculates the heuistics distance between two points.  It uses absolute difference in x and y coordinates of
2792: This function returns the mid point of two numbers. It is used to find an average or median in statistics and other similar applications
2793: This function checks if the platform matches with given one. It takes two parameters - 'reqested' and `specified`
2794: Creates an index of labels in the given classes. The first label is assigned to be at position one, second labe
2795: This function calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. The result is returned as an integer which represents percentages of changes in
2796: This function returns the index of one sample from unlabelled data.  The number and size parameters are used to calculate an
2797: A function to create color values. 	Inputs are three numbers between [0,1] representing the RGB colorspace
2798: Implemented selection sort algorithm in Scheme. It sorts the list by finding smallest element and placing it at start of sorted
2799: A function that computes the power of an integer. It uses recursion to compute it, but with optimized conditions and base
2800: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on
2801: Converts an object into list form. If the input has length equals with given number, it returns as itself; otherwise
2802: This function retrieves the value from JSON dictionary based on its key. If it's not found, returns unknown string by
2803: Convert the string to lowercase.  "val" is an input parameter that represents one line of text."   .
2804: A recursive function to count the number of ones in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations and conditional statements."
2805: A function that returns the mention of an object in discord.  The input is assumed to be string and number type,
2806: Compute the L^p norm of two vectors.  p is an input parameter that determines which one to use as sq
2807: Generates all possible sequences of length 'N' from the input list. If N is larger than size, it returns an
2808: This function calculates precision, the ratio of true positives to total predicted positive. If there are no false negatives or
2809: Checks if list has the given element.  Returns true or false based on whether it exists in that specific position of array
2810: A function to convert the number of hour(s).   .e.g., howManySecondes() takes in an
2811: This function takes in one argument, the text to be converted. It then converts all instances of 'You Are', or
2812: This function merges two dictionary objects. The second argument is the new data to be merged into first one, creating an updated
2813: Creates an abbreviated version of the inputted name.  It adds "-".  1st and last characters are capital
2814: This function creates and returns an empty two dimensional list. The number of elements in each row is set to zero, creating the
2815: A function that takes an element of the list and returns its index.  The second item in pair is considered as Index,
2816: Check if the given string is an electrfication scenarios. If yes then return its upper case equivalent else raise error with message
2817: Checks if the given 3D array is rectangular. A three dimensional object with equal width and height can be considered as
2818: A function that takes in an optional list of strings and returns the concatenated string with each element separated by ', '. If no
2819: Converts the input speed in km/h to its equivalent output value. The conversion is done by subtracting one from
2820: This function calculates the unit of measurement in which 'y' is expressed.  The result will be between -1 and
2821: Converts the data filed to appropriate string representation.  If not recognized, returns 'unknown'.   .    Code sn
2822: Returns the first value of dictionary.  It's equivalent to dict['first'] in python but works with any kind/
2823: This function takes in an input that could be either the name of one or two letters representing different geographical regions. It then
2824: A function to calculate the volume of an I box. It takes three arguments - length, width and height respectively which are all
2825: Returns the number of seconds in one day.	   .;'    '..'./../..././/./.-
2826: This function converts the given list to CSV format. If input is empty, it returns an blank string; if only
2827: checks if the file is an IMRCT dictionary.  It returns true or false accordingly .'s"   }]
2828: Checks if two rectilinear objects collided.  The first rectangle'll be the one with lower left corner
2829: Convert boolean value to JavaScript equivalent.  If the input is true, return "True", otherwise if false it returns 'False
2830: This function generates the list of directories in which models are stored based on given top directory path and its subtrees, filtering out
2831: A function to calculate the stretch factor.  It takes three arguments, an integer representing length of samples in one second and two
2832: Returns the bit mask of length 'n'. For example, if you call `(code:(makeBitMask30 .
2833: Checks if the input is an integer greater than or equal to one. If not, returns false; otherwise true . Returns
2834: A function that returns the locations of all columns in an array. The index is based on zero, so it's not
2835: "A function to compare two strings and return the difference between them"  [END]   .[START](code.
2836: Returns the lightnes of an RGB color. The formula used is based on luminosity, where white and black are considered to have
2837: Calculates the average of an array by index. It uses recursion to loop through each element in list and add it up
2838: Code to generate list of diseases from given data ids .   "civ" stands in place as prefix used by the
2839: A function that returns the element at index 'k' from list. If there is no such an item, it will return
2840: A function that converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit"   . ```python ->
2841: Code creates an empty two dimensional array of given size. It uses recursion to fill the arrays with zeros in each cell
2842: Calculates the number of groups in group normalization.  If not specified, it defaults to one if no other value is provided
2843: Checks if one given subset is present in another. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or null value depending on the
2844: Split an email addresses into their individual components.  For example, split("john@example .com") returns ("
2845: "Defines the negation function"  . ```   Code :(defun -signal ) returns negative of input
2846: A function to calculate the number of dissimilar pairs in two lists. It compares each pair and increments if they are
2847: This function converts an integer to its string representation. The integers represent the different shapes in our game, with each number representing
2848: Code defines function to get string from nested object.  If the given argument is not an instance of "object" or if
2849: Checks if the input is either an integer or two numbers that form part of some sort's valid IP address. If
2850: A function that converts numbers in various units of measurement to millions. It uses conditionals and formatting functions from the language
2851: Generates an id from the given interface and steps.  For example, if we have '(setf *current*
2852: Replaces part of the string with another. The function takes in four parameters - original, starting and ending positions where to replace
2853: Counts the frequency of an element in list.  Returns as fractional value representing how often it appears relative to all elements
2854: Returns true if the person is latin and black.  It checks whether they are either Hispanci / Latinos
2855: A function that splits an ATTRIBUTE into two parts. The first part is the HEAD, and it'
2856: Defines an operation that performs bit OR on two integers. The result is the sum of three bits from each integer, with
2857: Converts all strings in the given input to numbers. If not possible, leaves as is and returns an error message or
2858: Code to get all possible names of the contexts in which nucleotides can be found based on their position within DNA sequence or
2859: Checks if the given name is an indication of CVS, Subversion or Mercurial repository. 1/0
2860: A function that calculates the digit at position 'k' in number represented by integer, using given numerical system. For example
2861: A function that takes an array of objects and returns the names from those.  This is done by mapping over each object in
2862: A function to generate the person's name in hash table format with given parameters like 'first', and returns it as output
2863: A function to convert names into "Legal" formatting by replacing periods and hyphens with underscores, but only
2864: Calculates the mean of an array. 	Inputs : count, list -> number . Returns average value from input
2865: Checks if the cloning variables are equal to those of another gene. If they aren't, it returns zero;
2866: This function is used to make sure that the passed argument, if it's not already an awaitable object or procedure then
2867: Compute the overlap between two given boxes. The function takes in four arguments, each representing one box's coordinates and dimensions
2868: Converts from XYWH format to normalized coordinates in the range [0, width] and then into bounding box
2869: Extracting data from the input string and storing it in list format. The extracted information is then returned as output of function extract
2870: Checks if all elements in the list are unique. If not, returns false; otherwise true . "Cheks whether every
2871: A function that returns the index of an element in array. If it is negative, return empty string; if equal to zero
2872: Create the path to sqlitedb file.  Get DB Path is used by Spiders in order not overwrite old data
2873: This function takes in an array of numbers and returns the same elements, but each element is divided by their sum.  It
2874: Returns list of interfaces associated with the given 'Node ID'.  [...]" . $1} ,,,, {.
2875: Converts string to number of bytes. Takes into account sizes like K, M and G in SI units." .
2876: Displays the current time in hours, minuts and secs. The input is number of second since epoch to get
2877: check if any of the given fields are not set to false or null.  If so, return true; otherwise ,return
2878: A function to convert an integer representing the week's days of month into its corresponding name. e,g., if input
2879: Normalizes the input string by converting it to lower case and replacing commas with spaces, then removing any question marks.
2880: Removes commons from the given string. It converts it to an integer or float based on its content type, then
2881: Calculates bit mask of ARgb color. The mask is created by shifting bits to the right based on values given in
2882: Checks if the input string is equal to 'truthy' in case insensitive manner.  It returns true only when
2883: A function that generates unique names based on the type of nodes in an OS. It also takes into account different types such as
2884: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is one of 'True' or yes, it returns true; if its an
2885: A function to determine whether the first letter of string is vowel or not. It returns 'An' if it starts with
2886: Convert all characters in string to lower case. If the input is not “str”, return an empty String."
2887: Converts temperature from KELVIN to CENTIGRADES."   .split(" ")[-4]
2888: Check if the game is complete.  Returns true or false depending on whether all squares in current turn are cleared, otherwise returns
2889: Checks if the given name is covered by Facebook Buck or Google Android.  If not, it returns true; otherwise false
2890: Checks if the list of date objects has any duplicated entries. 0 or more are allowed in each day's
2891: This function returns the default units of an axis. It is used to determine whether or not one needs more than two dimensions in
2892: This function returns the list of instruments associated with an instrument string. It checks if input is Turing Machine, Olio
2893: A function to perform Galois multiplication. It is based on the method of binary exponentiation which makes it faster than normal multip
2894: A function that reduces the size of data by removing every nth element from each list. The first "n" elements are
2895: Returns the intersection of two lists.  The result is an appended version with all elements from both input sequences, but only
2896: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. The result will be in upper case letters A through F, or lowercase if
2897: Remove the lines with 'Output' in them from log file. 10/3rd of logs will be removed if
2898: A function that clips the input to be between two given values. If it's less than minimum, returns Minimum
2899: Checks if the given file has any specified 'name' in its metadata.  It uses case insensitive string comparison to
2900: Creates rectangle with minimum and maximum coordinates. The function takes in two parameters, the top left point of your desired rectangular shape
2901: Convert ASCii string to Uint3. Returns list of uints representing the binary representation in big endian order . If
2902: A function to return the ip address types supported by accelerators.  It takes an argument which is of one value either IP
2903: This function flattens the field by using recursion. It takes in an arbitrary nested list and returns it as one flat
2904: This function fetches the listings of cars from true car website using given parameters such as location, radius and page number to be
2905: A function to return the hash values of various materials in gamma ray physics, based on their names . The returned hashes include
2906: A function that takes in two arguments, evaluates the first argument with second as an observation and third one is used to select
2907: Returns the input as list of one element. 	Example usage :(Singlton "hello") => ("Hello").
2908: Appends the given tensor to another.  This is equivalent of numpy'd append operation in python, but it
2909: Quick sort implementation in Scheme. It sorts the input list by dividing it into two sublists, one with elements less
2910: Converts Oxford comma separated phrases to list of strings. The input is split into substrings by 'and'. It then
2911: This function calculates the ideal gas law of thermodynamics based on temperature and volume, which is used to calculate heat capacity
2912: checks if string is parametric in the form of "{parameter}". Returns true or false. If it's not
2913: Processes the data in string format. The function takes as an argument one line of text and returns that same processed version with
2914: A function that adds two lists of numbers.  For example, ((1 ,  3)(4   6)). Returns the
2915: A function to sort the list of lists. It removes duplicated elements from each sublist and sorts them in ascending order
2916: A function to get the size of an object in bytes. It returns one outof three options depending on how much memory is
2917: This function returns '****' if the input is less than .9, else it will return '.', which means that there
2918: This function converts the given string to its corresponding number in base -37. The input is assumed as an integer or
2919: Returns the number of times an item is in list. If not found, returns "-" . This function gets all elements from
2920: Merge two sorted linked lists.  If one list is empty, return the other as result; if both are nonempty
2921: Returns the value associated with '(car pair)' in list of tups. If not found, it returns default val if
2922: A function to perform linear search on an input list. If the element is found, returns 'true', otherwise it will return
2923: Returns the largest power of two that divides n. If no such number exists, returns zero . This function is used to
2924: Converts Excel Columns to their corresponding index in the alphabetical order. For example, A would be converted as
2925: Returns the module name based on input configuration string or default value crypto/advanced spectrum encryption toolkit .  If contains
2926: This function wraps the input string in ANSI color escape codes to make it green.  It is useful when you
2927: Calculates the central bank rate of change in dollars per hour over time, given initial and current values .'s"
2928: Returns the input string with leading and trailing whitespace removed.  If not, it returns an empty String if nonetheless
2929: Checks if all given states correspond to one of two possible orientations around an arbitrary z or x axes respectively by checking
2930: This function takes an input and checks if it is string or not. If yes, then convert the first character of that into
2931: Returns the appropriate brackets based on an individual's ages. The function takes in one parameter, 'Age', and
2932: A function to convert the given string into regex.  The input is converted by appending '*' before and after it
2933: Calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using recursion. Code is in Scheme language and uses modulus operation
2934: Returns the usage string of an options.  If it doesn't exist, returns -0n+ . o f(
2935: A function that calculates the average of student's grading in given list.  It uses map to apply 'grades
2936: Convert the time in Hours, Minutes and Seconds to Total Number of Secounds. Code snippet that conver
2937: A function that generates an indent string of the specified depth. It's used to generate nested output in some cases,
2938: Evaluates an expression tree. The function recursively evaluations the left and right sub trees of each non leaf nodes,
2939: Creates an Amazon Resource Name(ARN).  This ARN is used to identify the STS service. It includes all
2940: Generates new ids with the given prefix and incrementing number. For example, if you have 'user' as your
2941: Checks if the given number is anomalous in terms of being outliers or not. If it falls within lower and
2942: A function to calculate the Lucass number at position 'n'. The first two numbers in lucss sequence are both one.
2943: Implements the near field shift algorithm.  This function calculates and returns an estimate of how much longer one line should be
2944: A function to remove trailing whitespaces from string. It uses recursion and keeps track of the last non white space character
2945: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization technique, but is much faster than the naive approach
2946: Determines if the system needs to be updated. The function returns true when there is room left in storage and false otherwise,
2947: This function clears all integers from the given input. It checks if an element is pair, integer or not and performs different
2948: Generates the given SQL statement based on provided conditions.  It's used to generate queries with WHERE clause in it,
2949: A recursive function to calculate the sum of FIBO numbers. The base cases are when n is less than two,
2950: Converts bytes to gigabytes. Code snippet that takes in an integer and converst it into the equivalent
2951: A function that obtains the timestamp from two parts. It combines them to form an integer, which is then returned as result
2952: This function takes in an array of shape/size pairs and returns the same data but with all size values set to zero if
2953: Code defines the function that calculates Colonials Number. It takes an input and returns its collatz value by applying rules
2954: Applies the function of prepending an element to all lists in given list.  It'll return new updated version with
2955: Check if point(x,y), which is located at center of circle with radius 'radius' centered around origin in the
2956: Convert an object to bool. If the input is string, it will be converted into lower case and checked if equal with one
2957: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then it returns #truthful; if its false otherwise
2958: A function to format maven jar name. Replaces dots and hyphens with underscores in the given parameters .
2959: Checks if the given alternative hypothesis is valid in Bayesian inference.  It checks whether it's not null and either
2960: Delete the root node of an abstract syntax tree.  This is done by replacing it with its children, if any exist at
2961: Convert list of elements to string.  If the first item is not an object, it will be treated as if its value
2962: A function that converts the given number of seccond into human readable format. For example, if input is '3
2963: Find the nearest neighbour in list of rooms. This function will return null if there are no elements left to find neighbours from
2964: parse the path of an audio file into its parts.  The first part is always 'instrument', and then follows with
2965: Flatens the input list by recursively calling flattern on each element if it is another 'LIST'. If not, returns
2966: Calculates the power modulo of 'a' to some number, where base is defined as itself. If exponent isn’
2967: Code snippet that calculates the differential equation of Farkas' method. The input parameters are η, which
2968: Checks if given number is in range of zero to one. If not it throws an error message stating that expected values are
2969: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. It's used to measure overlap of bounding rectangles or circles
2970: This function takes in an URL string and returns it as lower case.  It is used to clean the input from any potential
2971: Calculates the temperature in Celsius based on Fahrenheit input provided by user, using an equation of form
2972: Counts the number of parenthesis tokens in text.  If it encounters an opening bracket, adds one to count
2973: Parses the direction argument and returns it as an integer. If not provided, defaults to 0 if no value is
2974: Calculates inverse document frequency of terms in documents.  Useful to assign weights and prioritize important topics or keywords."
2975: A recursively implemented binary search algorithm. If the element is found, returns its index; otherwise -1 if not in list
2976: A function to compute the inverse permutation of an array. The input is expected as list, and it returns another sorted version
2977: Calculates the total duration of all notes in given list" . "(Note is an element from 'final\_notes'
2978: This function flattens the list of lists. It uses recursion to flattern nested structures in one dimension only . If
2979: Computes the highest common factor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The function takes in parameters '(def
2980: Defines function to pad with zeros on the left of an integer in base 16. If length is odd,
2981: A function that computes the gradient of sigmod activation in backpropagation algorithm using its derivative formula . The result is
2982: Check if list is non decreasing.  If the first element of any pair in lst has to be less than or equal
2983: Code to handle different types of input and output.  If the argument passed in, it will be converted into its corresponding type
2984: A function to create an empty grid of given size. The rows are filled with zeros and the columns by one element each
2985: A function that returns the number of pass rooms in honeycombs at given positions. It's based on some simple pattern
2986: This function checks if the first number is greater than or equal to, and less then equals another. It also takes into account
2987: A function to calculate the temperature in Rocco scale using hourly data and average wind speed, given as input parameters."
2988: Checks if the current exons are first or last in their parent transcript. If they're, it returns true
2989: Flatens the input list.  If element is not pair, it returns as single item in new form of lists . Otherwise
2990: A function that takes in two numbers, and if they are the same it returns them as strings. If not then return their
2991: Checks if the current process is in chief mode. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or nil
2992: Fixes line breaks in the text. It checks if input is not string, then replaces multiple spaces with single space and
2993: Code snippet to generate range of numbers.  It generates the difference between two given values if they are in ascending
2994: Code that checks if the input is list or not and converts it into one. If already in form of lists then return
2995: A recursive function that calculates the number of ways to climb stairs. It takes one argument, which is how many steps
2996: Computes the ratio of two masses in molar concentration units, given as fractions and molecular weights.";   ; Use
2997: A function that takes an input of type list and returns the channels last version. This is done by taking all elements except first
2998: A function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. If element is not present, returns original value as it
2999: Computes the reciprocal of an input number. If zero, returns positive infinity to avoid division by zeros in future
3000: Sorts the list of ID strings numerically. For each string, it extractes and compares their second part to
3001: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list. 1 input, multiples inputs are allowed."  ```"
3002: A function that calculates the rating of thruster based on its maximum possible force and mass, if it exceeds max then return
3003: Create and return an object representing the properties of one specific Edge.  [uid, sourcetype ,destination type
3004: This function checks if the given integer is leap or not. It does so by checking whether it's divisible evenly
3005: This function generates the list of columns to be used in custom cycle time reports. The parameters are optional and default values can vary
3006: Returns the difference between maximum and minimum pitch of given list.  Code is calculating "Ambient" or Ambitious". This
3007: Checks if an argument is float or not. If the input value can be converted to number then it returns true, else
3008: Convert hours into weeks and days. If less than one week, convert to regular time units only if necessary."
3009: A function to calculate the similarity between two strings. The result is in range of [-inf, inf] where larger values represent
3010: A function that formats time in minutes into human readable format. It returns the duration as string and it can handle both whole
3011: A function to sort the list of hackers by their points.  It uses lambda expressions and comparison functions in Scheme
3012: Create the path to disabled vHost configuration file of PHP FPM server"  .(if you can use it or not
3013: A function that returns greeting messages.  Argument is the person's Name .   Example :(call argu
3014: Calculates the distance between two points on Earth's surface using spherical law of cosines and returns it as an exact number
3015: This function calculates the L^{p} distance between two points in Euclidean space. The p is an optional parameter
3016: A function to validate the type of an argument. It checks if it's in 'types'. If not, returns #
3017: A function to calculate the slice's lenght. The result is rounded down or up depending on whether it should be
3018: Returns the first nonlocal destination of an Edge. If no such Destination exists, returns #F .  Note that it
3019: Converts newline characters to CRLF in the given string or list of strings. If an argument is not provided
3020: A function to safely divide two numbers, returning zero if the second number is not valid or divisible by it .   [
3021: A function that takes two parameters, compares them and returns the greater one.  If they are equal it will return either
3022: This function takes in list of threshold and true positive rate pairs, returns the corresponding false negative rates. It does so by mapping
3023: A function that calculates the pay off of an option with given parameters. If it's call, then returns max(
3024: Parses the bond block of ctab file.  It is used to read and parse .cif files which are
3025: This function finds the minimum of all operators in an expression. It does so by scanning through each character and if it encounters
3026: A recursive function that converts an input list of booleans to their binary representation.  The process is done by
3027: Check if list has duplicated elements.  Code checks each element in the inputted date array to see whether it is present
3028: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs. It uses dynamic programming concept where each step has two choices,
3029: Checks if string is ASCII. Code checks each character in the input and returns true only when all characters are within range
3030: A python based project structure generator.  Supports both cmake &amp; pylint .   An extensibile
3031: This function takes an IPv address in dotted decimal format and converts it to binary.  The output is the same as if
3032: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses helper functions "(defiendefine)"
3033: This function separates the hydrophobic and nonhydrostatic bonds between two groups of atoms. It takes as input
3034: A function that checks if the first character of an extension is alphapetical and adds it to . in front.
3035: Convert input string to integer. If the number is in hexadecimal, it will be converted into decimal; if not
3036: Generates an octave function to convert string names of python functions into their corresponding symbolic representation.  The conversion is done by
3037: Generates binary labels based on the input. It assigns an abuse/nonAbusive category to specific entities and categories of
3038: Check if the remainder of an exponentiation is one. If true, returns #true; otherwise return false or nil depending on
3039: Creates an association between the first word of each line in input file with its rest. The output is used to create mark
3040: A function to find the index of maximum value in list. The implementation uses recursion and memoization, which is an
3041: Normalizes the input into either an integer or boolean. If it's not one of those two types, then we fail
3042: Check if the provided path is to an existing, real data source.  It's assumed that it points towards some sort
3043: Returns true if the given filename is an ontological .SADL File; false otherwise 	.   " Rack
3044: This function splits the given string into its constituent parts. The input is assumed to be an absolute file or directory name
3045: Calculates the accumulated value of HC in one period. It takes into account current and effort values, as well an
3046: A function that filters out the given list of packet types from an input set.  The filtering is done by checking if each
3047: Checks if the parameters are valid.  If not it displays error message and returns 'false'. Otherwise return True; checks
3048: Calculates the accuracy of classification. It takes two lists as input, one with actual labels and other ones representing predicted results from
3049: Get the environment from which we are running.  Returns "Dev", if in dev, or Quality Assurance mode otherwise
3050: A recursive function that generates the string representation of an empty or nonempty space with decreasing size. The parameter 'Gap
3051: Remove values above the specified one. If value is greater than given, it returns #F else return original string .   -
3052: Generates the number associated with an object. If no such attribute exists, it returns #f .'s" }}}
3053: Converts an RGB color to the equivalent XYZ or LAB colorspace, depending on which one is used by
3054: Check if the input is an array of scalars. A scalar in vector space refers to numbers that are not vectors, i
3055: Convert result set to dictionary format. This function will convert the given object into its equivalent hash table in pythonic way using map
3056: A function that calculates the value of an electron in one cell.  It takes two parameters, Energies and
3057: Convert comma separated rfid numbers to ten digit hexadecimal format. If the input is not in correct form,
3058: Code generates all possible combinations of three numbers from the range [0,n]. The combination is represented as list. For example
3059: Compute speed of computation. Input is in bytes and time taken to compute the result, returns computed rate as per KBps
3060: Code snippet that generates all the possible intron intervals between two given blocks of DNA. The input is an array containing
3061: Converts RGB color values to an integer. The colors are represented in the range [0, #xFFFFFF].
3062: A function to find the intersection of two ranges. The input is represented as pairs, where each pair represents an interval and has
3063: A function that filters out messages from the logger, specifically those sent to cvtsp host."  }   ]]}}
3064: Convert Decimal to BCD. The function takes in an integer and converts it into its binary coded equivalent using recurs
3065: This function takes as input list of documents, cleans them by removing stopwords. It does so using lambda functions and map
3066: Checks if two shapes are broadcastably compatible. A shape is said to be "compatible" with another one, when they
3067: Code to calculate binomial coefficient. It uses recursion and memoization technique, where previously computed results are stored in
3068: A function that wraps an index around to the other side of its container. If it'd go negative, then return
3069: Generates blockquotes from text.  It splits the input into lines, then adds > symbols to each line and
3070: Returns the positive integer value of input. If it's already an exact int, returns as such; otherwise converts to
3071: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as stripping all trailing spaces from it. It uses recurs
3072: Returns the weight to be used in loss function computation based on step size during optimization process." ---endcode---\n
3073: A function that returns the first element of list if it exists, otherwise return false. If there are multiple elements in array then
3074: This function takes as input either an existing file or directory and returns its full, complete representation. It can handle both local paths
3075: Get the legacy message type of an input. If it's not valid, return error msg; if yes then convert to
3076: Returns true if the last peak in an array of numbers is greater than or equal to five, else returns false" .
3077: A function that calculates the sum of all median elements in an input list. If no element is present, it returns zero
3078: Creates an object reference.  The argument is the name of variable or function to which we want create refrence."
3079: This function checks the accuracy of sentences in two lists. It takes as input True values and Predicted Values, then it
3080: Returns the given eTAG if it's valid, otherwise raises an exception.  If not provided with any argument or null
3081: Convert input to lower case. If the provided argument is not string, return it as its original value without change if true else
3082: This function limits the size of an object to be within certain specified bounds. It takes as input two values, one being how
3083: Returns the negation of each element in list 'f'.  The map function is used to apply lambda expression on every
3084: Returns the index of maximum element in an array. Code is based on Python's built - function, argpartition which returns
3085: A function to get the value of one parameter in .csv file.  The filename is expected as input and should be "
3086: A function to calculate the price after applying discounts and taxes. It takes three parameters - 'base' product cost, "tax
3087: Generates the description of each element in list. For example, if you have two classes A and B with methods foo()
3088: Recursively flattens nested lisits. Example usage:( group [(1,3),4,(7)]
3089: A function that calculates the value of an arbitrary polynomial at given coordinates. The coefficients are passed as arguments in order to create
3090: Convert feet to meters function definition in Scheme programming language .   Code snippet of the conversion formula is provided and can
3091: Checks if number is an abundant or perfect. If the sum of its divisor's are more than that numeral
3092: Defines the function getUnion that takes two lists and returns their unions.  It uses hash maps to track elements
3093: Convert string to boolean. If the input is either of false, “No” or off then return False else if it
3094: A function that subtracts all elements of the second argument from each element in first.  If either input is not pair
3095: A function to condenses font weight. It checks if the CSS string contains 'regular' or bold and replaces them with
3096: A function that takes two arguments, applies the first argument to its second. The result is returned as output of tap method in
3097: A function that takes in two lists and returns the same length list of results from performing an operation on each element at corresponding indices
3098: A function that calculates the dot product of two lists. The result is returned as an integer value if both input vectors are
3099: Calculates the radius of kangaroo. Code is used to calculate and return Radius in cm based on given parameters
3100: A function that returns 'FIZZ' if the number is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it will return either
3101: A function that overrides the values of parameters in an input hash with those from another given dictionary. The result is returned as
3102: Convert the given number into string format with thousands separator. If less than or equal to zero, return "$" .
3103: Transform the point(s). 3D transformation. A function that takes in local coordinates and returns global or world space
3104: A function to create an array of strings from the input list. The elements are enclosed in double quotes and separated by comm
3105: Calculates the diagonal index of an element in 3D space. The input is two elements, representing row and column indices
3106: Checks if the first character of an input string is either '%' or '#'. If true, it returns 'true';
3107: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and has
3108: Calculates the number of instances in each label.  The result is used to normalize other metrics such as precision, recall
3109: Generates labels. 1/3 of the time, generates an empty string; otherwise it creates and returns its argument as
3110: A function to get the id from an organization name. This is used in creating orgaizations and setting up teams within it
3111: A memoiized version of the square root function.  The result is cached to improve efficiency by avoiding recalculating
3112: This function takes as input the data of an internet service provider and returns it in list form. It splits each line by
3113: Count the number of '<>' pairs in string. If there is an opening one, count it as +/- . Return
3114: A function to calculate the difference between two timestamps. The timestamp is in seconds since epoch time, and it returns an
3115: Converts Facebook URLs from mbasic to basic format on the fly  .   '(defun facebookurl
3116: Check if the string ends with an underscored character. "value" is input parameter which represents any kind of strings or
3117: Converts the status of an aldryn database record.   .    Statuses are converted from their integer representation
3118: A function to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and reduces problems by breaking them down into
3119: A function that adds two lists element wise.  The input is assumed to be integers or floats and the output will also
3120: A function to calculate the score of blackjack hand. It removes one card if it is an eleven and then calculates sum
3121: Checks if the given 'value' is within standard logic vector representation. It returns true when it meets all conditions, otherwise
3122: This function calculates the force of gravity between two bodies, given their masses and heights respectively in meters .   The formula used
3123: A function to calculate the exponentiation of two numbers. If they are equal, returns zero; if one is zerp
3124: Convert uint to array of bytes. Code snippet that converts an unsigned integer into its constituent octets in big
3125: Creates an input parameter with the given parameters.  For example, if you have function f(x), then `f
3126: This function returns the risk characterizations based on given number of risks. The higher value indicates more high level or criticality,
3127: A function that collates strings into columns. It takes in two parameters, the string to be collaimated and an
3128: Normalizes input by replacing hyphens with underscores.  If the value is not string or number, leaves it as
3129: A function to check if the input is valid service.  Returns true or false based on whether it's not string and
3130: Computes the remainder of division. 1st argument is dividend, second one divisor .  0 if no error
3131: A function that removes the first element of an improperly nested list.  If there are more than one, it throws
3132: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within an error of 'epsilon'.  If the absolute difference between them is less than
3133: Generates all possible permutations of the input list.  Each element in output is processed to generate its period, and then
3134: Generates default parameters.  If no specific parameter is provided, defaults to the given values if available else returns nil or throws
3135: This function trims the input string if it's less than or equal to length of three. If not, returns original
3136: This function calculates the value of Vertical Fractional Mean Motion from given radius in meters.";
3137: Converts the list of all unique nonempty strings in "input" into their corresponding ids. If there is no
3138: Checks if the given list of strings contains an error message indicating that it's not possible to prove or disprove.
3139: Generates all possible moves of the knight from point(x,y). 8 directions.   .    " ,,,
3140: Extracting the most important phrases from given input. It splits by newline and then checks if it's an empty
3141: Converts the given string to upper case and replaces all dots with underscores.  Used in environment variable n
3142: Convert the COAP Response Code into an integer. This function takes as input one of two types, either 'success' or
3143: Calculates the mean of all elements in an array.  This function takes as input one list and returns its average value,
3144: This function takes as input the location of one point in space, and returns its transposed coordinates. If it's at
3145: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the same elements, but with their absolute values. If there is no input it
3146: A function to get the last part of an ethernet mac address. It splits by '-' and returns it as string format
3147: Converts longitude values to the range between ±4°. If value is greater than +/-9 o'
3148: This function calculates the temperature of an electron in free space using Coulomb's law and its own energy, given
3149: Returns the dot product of two vectors.  The result is an integer that represents how similar these arrays are to each other in
3150: Returns the first attribute of an object, if it is prefixed with '@', otherwise returns second.  This function can
3151: A function that returns the probability of falling into one outlier category in an experiment where we have two categories and each observation is
3152: Generates the label corresponding to given catalytic type.  It's used in generating labels from classes of proteins or
3153: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input parameters x and y coordinates of
3154: A function that calculates the luminace of an RGB or CMYK inputted in terms perceptual intensity, using
3155: Sorts the given list of bar codes in ascending order.  It uses builtin sort function to do so and comp
3156: A function to compute the inverse of an input number 'x'. The result is returned as -(input/number)."
3157: Checks if the number is odd. Returns true or false depending on whether it's an integer that can be divided even
3158: A function that calculates the length of teeth encoded in an image. The input is assumed to be bytes, and it returns
3159: A function to sanatise field names by removing any non alphanumeric characters and converting them all into lowercase.
3160: Checks if the given URL exists or not by calling an HTTP GET request to it and returning true when successful, false otherwise
3161: A function that reverses the string. It uses recursion to iteratively build up its result from an empty list and adds
3162: Generates all pairs of elements in the list. For each element, it generates its pair with every other possible combination from rest
3163: Adds two Quaternions. Code written in Scheme." ;; returns the sum of q and
3164: Creates an object that retrievs the name of topics based on paths. The function takes in two parameters, one is file
3165: Returns the list of specification kinds.  This is used to identify what kind(ies)."   . Code:.
3166: A recursive function that substitutes single templates in the form of {{key}}. It uses string splitting and concatenation to
3167: Creates an entity sort key. The first element of the list is used to determine how equal entities are sorted, followed by
3168: Returns the list of numbers that are even. The input is an integer or float number, and it returns all elements in which
3169: Checks if any upper case letters are present in the given string. If yes, returns true else false . "Returns whether
3170: Flatten the list of lists.  "(Flatlist)" is used to flaten one level deep nested lis
3171: Returns the sum of values in specified area on 1D Grid.	   .'s"    ,,,,,.
3172: Code generates the first N lines of Pascal's triangle. It uses recursion to generate each line based on previous one
3173: This function converts the balance in PLN to Euros or USD.  It takes as parameters - 'currency' which
3174: This function takes JWT token as input and extracts the user id from it.  It does so by splitting on
3175: This function converts the input feet to meters by multiplying it with .1697 and returns resultant value which
3176: Checks if an HTML string contains "Excessive Page Loading". 1/0 means it is or not.
3177: A function to calculate the Lasso Regression loss.  It calculates absolute difference between predicted and actual values in one dimension
3178: A function that removes trailing slashes from strings. It does so by checking the first and last characters of each string,
3179: Convert the amount to bytes based on provided units . e g, if you have an input as `(3 KB), it
3180: Computes the geometric mean of solar anomalies given in days since JC system, using an approximation to calculate sun'
3181: Returns the last number in each input string. If no numbers are present, it returns #f . For example get chr
3182: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can climb stairs with 'n' steps. The first step
3183: Validates the input of 'Tail' parameter and returns it if valid, else throws an error message"  .
3184: A function that returns the total of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'Di' and "Wt" which are both
3185: A function to divide two vectors elementwise. The result is another vector with the results of each division operation between corresponding elements in
3186: A function that checks if one group dominates another in terms of the given parameters. It does so by comparing each element from
3187: Given an input string, returns the adjoint of that. If it's bio or rbi then return its reverse complement
3188: A recursive function that checks if the given node is equal to its parent. If it isn’ t, then we move
3189: A recursive function that converts numbers to binary representation.  It uses helper functions defined in the scope of its own definition
3190: Normalizes the given arithmetic expressions. It replaces all '!' with ~, and && to | .  This is
3191: A function to get the value of an application setting. If it exists, return its current configuration; if not then use '
3192: This function is used to check if the file can be saved in given modus.  It will return true only when it
3193: A function that takes an input of type 'STRING' and returns the reversed version if it is not empty, else #
3194: This function checks if two characters are the same sign or different. It returns zero when they're equal, and it counts
3195: Calculates the difference between two lists, vectors or data structures.  If one of them is not list nor vector it returns
3196: Returns true if the search term is not an absolute path. Otherwise, returns false; otherwise checks whether or no there's
3197: Converts all upper case letters in the input string to their corresponding lowecased letter. If there is no such character
3198: Returns elements of the input list that are equal to 'value'. The function uses recursion and modulus operation. It'
3199: A function to encrypt passwords using Caesar ciphers. It takes as input an encrypted word and returns the decrypted
3200: Checks if the given string is one of three possible values - 'Point', ‘DMap’ or '.Radius
3201: Checks if UID exists in all keys. If not, it adds the key to list of known ones and returns true
3202: Returns the list of supported operating systems that can be used as compute resources.  The function is designed to work with AWS B
3203: Checks if two numbers have the same sign. If so, returns true; otherwise false .'s"   }]
3204: A function that adds two vectors. If the length of both input lists are not equal, it raises an error message stating their
3205: checks if the size of an array/tensor with given number 'index'. If it returns true, then that means we have
3206: This function returns the first in,first out sequence of elements from input data.  The output is used to preprocess and
3207: Removes the specified 'custum' or specific stop/stop list of phrases from input string.  Useful in
3208: A function to check if two numbers are within an error margin of 'epsilon'.  If the absolute difference between them is less
3209: This function takes as input an array of tweets and returns the same list, but with all non alphanumerical characters
3210: This function takes in the name of an input file, checks if it's long enough and starts with 'LOG', then
3211: Generates the value of an object or its nested properties. If it's not found, returns `default` if provided
3212: This function checks if the given string is prefixed with space and ends in dot. If yes, it appends 'stage
3213: checks if the argument list is empty or contains only one element.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false."
3214: Adds an annotation box with black background and white text. The border is thicker than the arrow, capturing all mouse
3215: Parses the string to generate book symbol. The input is assumed as an ISBN, and returns its corresponding symbolic representation in
3216: Function to get slots from an Intent request.  It's used in the dialogflow agent configuration file." (
3217: Convert latitude and longitute strings to numbers. The input is assumed in degrees, with the first value being north or south
3218: A function that rounds up the number to be divisible by 'm'. If it is already, returns as itself. Otherwise
3219: Code to compute the reciprocal of an integer.  It takes two parameters, 'fmm' and its predecessor
3220: A function that underlines the input string. 1 line of underscores before and after each word in an entered sentence
3221: This function takes an api name and returns the first part of it.  It splits by '-' to separate parts,
3222: A function that adds two numbers.  Code is in Scheme programming language and it's called add, which takes to
3223: Generates an id string from the file system name and index.  It is used in lustres multithreaded directory
3224: A function that takes in two parameters, 'd' and the key list. It returns values from dictionary based on given lists
3225: Checks if the given spec is empty.  If it's an array, checks to see whether all elements are also
3226: This function sums all the elements of list that are divisible by three. It uses recursion to go through each element in
3227: Calculates the total length of all fingers in an input dictionary. It is essentially counting how many values are present within each key
3228: A function to check if an element is in the list. It uses recursion and conditional statements within it, checking each pair
3229: A recursive function to generate the gray coding of an integer. The input is considered as binary and converted into decimal form before
3230: A function to create the path of an .usks file. It takes two parameters, string and directory name which are used
3231: A function that calculates the tax on income and deductions, taking into account various factors such as cost of production.
3232: A recursive function to remove duplicated elements from the list. It uses helper functions and conditionals in order of execution,
3233: This function takes in an input string and returns the number of lines it starts with. It does so by iterating over each
3234: Generates the name of protein files to be processed by BLAST in parallel, based on an input parameter or default value
3235: A function that calculates the gradient of sigmoide activation.`" ` . " The derivative or slope at which to
3236: A recursive function to compute the FIBONACCI series. The first three numbers in fibonacci sequence are
3237: Checks if the given object has any of 'defines', or properties' schema. If yes, returns true else false
3238: Converts date string to list of integers. If the input is not valid, returns #F . Expects an
3239: Check if the program is run with one argument. If so, return 'true' otherwise it returns "false".   .
3240: Code to generate all possible moves in the game.			. . .....										} else {return #t;} }
3241: Generates an enumeration of all the keys in 'extensions' list.  This is used to generate .h file with
3242: Returns the last part of an ID from URL. It takes as input one argument, which is supposed to be url and returns
3243: Remove non alphanumeric characters from resource id.  This is useful when comparing two resources to see if they are identical
3244: A function that returns the count of unique reviews per user. It takes in an id and list/tuples containing users
3245: Validates the input to act(). Returns an error if it is not either of type dict and message.  If valid,
3246: A function that generates the identity matrix of size 'n'. The elements on main diagonal are ones and all other places zero.
3247: This function checks if the provided string is one of “mission critical”,’critcal‘ ,'important', '
3248: Generates an URL to the given Google Cloud Compute Engine Instance.  The format is projects/PROJECTID / zones
3249: Checks if the first character of string is numeric. If it's not, checks remaining characters in case they are
3250: Returns the value of input multiplied by .98 if less than zero, otherwise returns it as is; used to mim
3251: Defines floor division operation.  It takes two numbers as input and returns the quotients of their divisions, rounded downwards
3252: A linear function of the form y = ax +b.  It takes two arguments, an input value 'x' and
3253: Function to check and categorize the road's width based on its total distance from center. This function is used in determining
3254: Generates the CEID parameter string to be used in URLs.  The parameters are set based on given Country and Language
3255: Returns the line number of an occurrence in given list. If not found, returns 'notfound'. It is used to find
3256: Check if the given list of arguments contains any -H or --Help flags and return true when found else false .
3257: A function to calculate the Stirlings numbers. It uses recursion and memoization, storing intermediate results in an array
3258: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the same type of elements and returns another vector with each element
3259: Transforms keys of dictionary or list according to the given transformation function. If no transformations are provided, returns original data; if
3260: A function that doubles the scale of two given scales. This is useful when you need to add extra space or padding around
3261: This function calculates the Bellmann equation. It takes in three parameters - 'reward', which is an integer representing positive
3262: A function to generate the name of denormalized data.  The input is two parameters, which represent dimensions and depth respectively
3263: Returns the 3x8 neighbors of an integer. The input is considered to be in binary form and represented as bits on
3264: Checks if the given integer is power of two. If it's not, returns false and true otherwise." (
3265: Returns the bounding box of circle centered at given point with specified raduis. The boudning is defined as two
3266: Convert string to bool.  If 'val' is either True or false, it will return the same as its argument;
3267: A function that calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplied by some factor and then added to another number . If '
3268: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  For each vector in matrix 'M', computs sum(i*v
3269: Generates list of sequences to be used in helm testing.  Includes examples, input data and test cases .
3270: Converts an array of frequencies to another format. The input is the list with one element per sequence, where each sub
3271: This function determines if player 1 wins the game of rock, paper or scisssores. It takes as input both
3272: A recursive function to sum the halven of an input list. It uses take and drop functions from scheme language, which
3273: Computes the area of regular polygon given its parameter. This function takes two parameters, 'perimter' and an optional
3274: Create an oneline function to get the name and days of employees from input string.  Input format is 'Employees
3275: Checks if the first character of string is hexadecimal. (END SUMMARY).   .    Code:(
3276: Builds and returns the string representation of given list.  The input is tokenized by spaces or newline characters, which
3277: A function to limit the size of string. If length is less than 'n', it appends spaces until its equal or
3278: Replace special characters in the string.   .    ->  't' replaced with & amp ;, < , >
3279: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return True; if it's no false otherwise
3280: Checks if the given string is palidromic. A word, phrase or number that reads same forward and backward gives
3281: Generates the list of restaurants that match given price and belong to any specific cusine.  It uses lambda functions
3282: This function checks if the execution of Gaussian's terminated normally in given input.  It does so by checking whether there
3283: Check if two strings are permutations of each other. If they do, return true; otherwise false .(END SUMMARY
3284: A function that generates an experiment identifier string based on the given parameters.  The identifiers are created by appending different parts
3285: Parses the species name from an input string. If it is one of hg[sm|t] or mm
3286: This function generates the matching matrix rows. It takes two lists as input and returns another list with matched pairs of elements from both
3287: Convert time in minute to human readable format. Example, input of '34' will return output as '"1"
3288: A function that adds two vectors. It takes in the coordinates of both input vector and returns their sum as another list."
3289: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which 'n' items can be taken out from an unordered set
3290: A function to set the specified 'bits' in binary representation of number. It shifts bits left by given position and then OR
3291: Convert string to integer. If the input is not convertible, return original value as it remains unchanged . 1 line solution
3292: Replace all occurrences of '[c['index']' with the corresponding value from list. If no such occurrence
3293: A function that zips three lists together. It takes two or more list arguments and returns the zip of these as pairs,
3294: A function that checks if the URL contains any of given keyword. If it does, returns false else return recursively with remaining
3295: Convert Hexadecimal Color to RGB. Returns the corresponding rgb values as list of integers or error if input is
3296: Converts string representation of boolean values to actual Boolean data type.  If the input is not recognized, returns false by
3297: Converts strings to booleans. If the input is already of type bool, it returns as such; otherwise conver
3298: A function that takes an integer and returns the corresponding RGBA values as list.  The input is expected to be in binary
3299: Convert an integer to its corresponding letter in the alphabet. For instance, num = 1 ->  A ,  30
3300: A function to check if the object is an end event.  If it's not, return false; otherwise true."
3301: Returns the value of an JSON object's specified property. If it doesn’t exist, throws error with message indicating what
3302: This function returns the current directory in which Avalon is running. If it's set, then that value will be
3303: A function that returns the type of access to be used in case it is not explicitly specified.  If no such kind exists
3304: Returns the value of NTH BIT from right in given number. If there is no such Bit then returns '-' .
3305: Checks if the list of tag strings contains 'covid - ‎' or any variation. If it does,
3306: A function to compute the cross product of two three dimensional points in Cartesian coordinates using only basic arithmetic operations and list manip
3307: Counts the number of digtis in an integer. It uses recursion to count each digit from rightmost one, and
3308: Creates the level of severity based on project type.  error -> high priority, refactoring and convention changes
3309: Check if input is an integer constant. If it's none or non exact -> error; else return #true .
3310: Compare two JSON objects. If they are equal, return true; otherwise false."   } { "code": {"language
3311: Check if the given string is void. A function that returns true only when there are no characters in it, or all spaces
3312: A recursive function that applies the same operation to an input. The number of repetitions is specified by 'n'. It
3313: Checks if the given sides can form an equilateral triangle.  Inputs are lengths of three side in integer or
3314: A function to match names in two lists. It can handle python and rackets matching syntaxes, with or without case sensitivity
3315: A function to perform binary search on sorted list of numbers. It returns the position if found, else return zero."  ```
3316: Code defines the function f that takes an argument 'x' and returns its square minus eight times less than itself. The result
3317: Remove line end characters from text.  Code snippet to remove all the new lines or carriage returns at ends of each
3318: A function that converts voltage to degree of the given frequency in terms . The conversion formula is V = Vo/36
3319: Generates the lighter version of an RGB color by reducing its brightness . The input is in percentages and outputs are clamped
3320: This function determines whether an integer is in the range of Miller or Weber. It takes one argument, which must be between
3321: Computes the rest frame of an object with respect to another, using Pythagoras' theorem in one dimension."
3322: Check if the given filename is ignored by checking its extension.  If it's an ignorable one, return true;
3323: Clean sentences from given input.  Input is assumed to be in English language and contains multiple sentence delimiters (. ? !
3324: Returns true if all elements of the first list are in other. Otherwise, it returns false . ." (defun
3325: Analyzes the data and detects any potential drifts in it. (endsummary).   ) .} ;
3326: Transforms an array into dictionary format.  Each element of the input is transformed to be key and value pair in output .
3327: A function to calculate the power of number using Little Fermats method. It is used in cryptography and computer science, where
3328: checks if the current player is in all diagonals of vicotry. 1st diagonal from top left to bottom
3329: This function takes two arguments, an input list of rows and the maximum number –max. It then maps over every row
3330: Converts the coordinates of each vertex in all rings within an array. This is done by mapping over every ring and then
3331: A function to check if all the given 'words' are in string. If not, it returns false; otherwise return true
3332: A function that converts the input string to either lower or upper case.  If 'asLowerCase' is true,
3333: This function generates the grants list based on request weight. It creates an empty string if there are no requests, otherwise it loops
3334: Calculates the size of an object in bytes. Input is given as number representing how much larger it should be to get one
3335: Remove spaces and tabs from string. Uses recursion to handle multiple instances of these characters in the input strings, which is
3336: A function to convert time in second into human readable format. The output will be something like 'HHH : MM
3337: This function calculates the chunk's maximum and minimum sizes based on current server load. The result is returned as an integer
3338: Calculates the value of one element in list 'q' at index position given by parameter "k" and returns it.
3339: Check if two intervals intersect.  If they do, return true; otherwise false."
3340: Returns the result of subtracting one from an argument and then multiplying it by another. The function takes two arguments, performs
3341: A function to trim the trailing numerics from string. If there is no such character, it returns original input as not
3342: A function to get an element from the graph by its multiindex. It uses recursion and backtracking until it finds
3343: Convert the input list of strings to title case.  The output is one string with all lowercased characters capitalized and
3344: Check if the section is valid. It must be of length two and contain only numbers or letters, no spaces allowed in between
3345: This function calculates the final velocity of an object with given parameters.  It takes into account that it will accelerating and
3346: Convert RGB color to grayscale. Code snippet that converts an input of three numbers from the range [(
3347: Create list of all items with '_price' or ' _ design'.  [1pt] .  30 points.
3348: Convert LandsAt URL to Sentry 4016 format using USGS LandSat data access service .'
3349: Analyzes the input string and returns all possible characters in it. The result is filtered to only include those that are not whites
3350: Checks if all characters in the given input are numerics. If yes, returns true; otherwise false."
3351: Remove hyphen from string.  Input is split by ' ', then each word has '-' replaced with space, and the
3352: Solves the problem by counting how many times an increasing sequence of three elements is found in input list. The function takes as
3353: checks if the first character of two strings is equal. If not, returns false; otherwise recursively calls itself with shorter versions
3354: Extract user id from JWT token's PayLoad.  This function is used to get the User ID of
3355: This function handles the conversion of years to their respective century. It takes into account whether or not they are in one thousandth
3356: A function to determine the appropriate data format based on its name. The input is an arbitrary string that represents one of three possible
3357: Checks if all elements in the list are unique.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." (Check
3358: A function that rounds an integer to the nearest multiple of another.  The modulus operator is used in conjunction with addition and
3359: A function to calculate the miles per gasoline consumed by driving from one location at constant speed.  Inputs are starting and
3360: A function that filters out points below the given 'threshold' and scales them up by some factor if they are above it
3361: Convert binary to decimal number using recursion in Scheme programming language" ---> Code converts given Binary Number
3362: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when 'n' equals or less
3363: Generates indices of items in the list.  The function is used to get an index within each item' s runtime context
3364: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI number at position 'n'. The base cases are when `(
3365: Finds the URL of youtube' channels from video items in list .  The input is an object with 'item',
3366: Transposes the input list. It takes each sublist and flips it around its axis to become another row in transposed
3367: Computes the remainder of each number from one to 'stop' raised power by itself. The result is calculated in such way
3368: Checks if all elements in an 'Iter' are true.  It uses recursion to traverse the Iter object and
3369: Checks if one end of two rectangles overlap.  Inputs are the coordinates and sizes(x,y),of
3370: Checks if the file name contains .exampledag extension.  Used to identify example DAGs in importing
3371: This function takes the file system paths and converts it to filename. It uses reverse string split operation on '/' symbol which
3372: Get the exit info from given dictionary. 1st element is Exit Code, second one - Message"
3373: Computes the ratio of two numbers. The result is then multiplied by three and subtracted from one half, which gives
3374: A function that converts the input to its exact float representation if it is not already, otherwise returns zero .  1st
3375: A function to get the first valid entry in an associative list. If no such element exists, it returns 'false'.
3376: This function takes in an ordered list of strings and returns them joined by commas. If the input is empty, it simply
3377: A function that reverses the order of elements in an input list or string. If it encounters pairs, recursively calls
3378: Returns the ratio of one variable to another.  Used in multivariable analysis." (load "~/.emacs
3379: A function that solves the quadratic equation ax^{²} +bx  +c = 0.  This is done by
3380: This function merges two sorted lists. If the input is an odd number of elements, it will return one element longer than
3381: Returns the text of all paragraph elements in an HTML page.  If no input is provided, it returns empty strings.""
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers.  Returns true if the first number in each pair is greater than or equal to second, and
3383: Merge two lists into one sorted list. The function takes in 3 parameters, the source and target of merging process
3384: Checks if the input is valid social security number. A SSN should be in format XXXX–XX­XXXX where
3385: Retrieves the user from CNAME.  If no input is provided, it returns #F; otherwise return only domain
3386: A recursive function to calculate the maximum possible sum of products. The product is calculated by multiplying two numbers, and then
3387: A function that returns the size of each level in an array or nested lists.  The output is reversed to match Python
3388: A function to escape semicolons in string. If the first character is ';', it appends '%' and rest
3389: Returns all files in the current directory that are part of any given list.  The input is an optional argument to specify which
3390: Calculates the percentage change between two EU values.  It takes three arguments - 'Delta' value, and returns its relative
3391: Convert the given string into list of strings.  Each element in resulting array is split by comma character and converted to lower case
3392: This function implements the sigmoide activation functions in secureML." . $this; }}" ;"}}}}}' }}
3393: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI NUMBER. The base case is when 'number
3394: This function converts the input string to hexadecimal. It uses char - integer conversion and then appends ' &
3395: A function that checks if two strings are abbreviated. It uses recursion to compare the first characters of both, and then
3396: A function that converts tangent values to sine and vice versa, depending on the sign of input value; if both
3397: Code checks if the string starts with an opening bracket. If it does, then recursively check rest of input until no
3398: Generates the file name of an ML models in compressed format (.tar, .zip or other).  This function is used
3399: Parses the input list of genes and returns their corresponding ranges. This function takes as arguments an initial set or 'gen
3400: Returns the color with each channel scaled down by 'prop'. The channels are clamped to fall within [0,1].
3401: Generates URLs in the format 'privatemethod' .  This is used to generate private urls.
3402: checks if the file contains 'Origina' or not. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  A function
3403: Returns the appropriate command to enable or disable an OS Service on given Host.  The argument 'action' is either `enabled
3404: A function to lookup security Group in an EC … .  1. get client instance from the given ec..    ..
3405: Returns the scadar rate of trading in milliseconds. If no such data exists, returns false or nil respectively."
3406: Finds the first occurrence of an element in sorted list. Returns position or (-), if no such number exists, with count
3407: Calculates the log probability density function of Beta distribution with parameters 'alpha' and ''.'/'''. The parameter is
3408: Code defines the function bounds intersect which takes two lists of four numbers as input and returns another list containing minimum x value from both
3409: Compute receptor field pool size. ; Returns list of two elements, first is the number and second one its scale factor
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to str. 1/3 of the output is converted into text and other two are ignored
3411: Counts the number of edges in an array.  The elements are assumed to be linked lists and each element is counted separately
3412: A function that returns the list of elements in "input" which match with given value from another filtered/selected element.
3413: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm.  It recursively calls itself until
3414: A function that adds the word 'Mt.' before any city name in input string.  It is used to ensure consistent
3415: A function to create an emonitor string.  It takes in the name of monitor and returns its full form as '
3416: Convert the given comma separated list of strings into an equivalent Scheme List.  If empty or null, return error message and
3417: Returns the luminance of an RGB or CMYK value. The formula used is based on human perception, where white has
3418: Defines function to round down number by given 'factor'.  e.g., if you have the value of x =
3419: Creates or returns the default object if it doesn't exist.  Otherwise, return its current state as is .
3420: Prints the selected post' information. If no such posts exist, it returns zero instead to indicate that there are none left
3421: A function to format the data type.  It takes one argument which is of datatype 'dtyep'. If
3422: Returns the traditional constants of an ISF equation. The result is in terms omega^3 / sqrt(pi).
3423: Generates an alias based on the input. If no match is found, it returns original string otherwise return its corresponding one from
3424: A function that converts the input to italics.  If not provided with any arguments, it will raise an exception stating
3425: This function takes as input an extended dictionary and returns its entries in the form of lists.  It splits each list into
3426: Merge two lists in ascending order. Axis is used to determine the sorting direction of list elements, either '
3427: A recursive function to generate all possible combinations of zeroes. It generates an infinite sequence starting from the number "u".
3428: A function to check if the length of input string is between two and four.   Code snippet that checks whether or
3429: Checks if any item in the list 'items' is present within string ‘test’. If so, returns true
3430: Toggles the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number "val". If it was set, resets
3431: Checks if the given operator is comparison. 1 - true, otherwise false; ie., it returns whether or not
3432: Calculates the relation between two values.  If they are equal, returns zero; otherwise it calculcated as ((|
3433: A function to get the application's main file/module.  It takes an app’ s .NET assembly as input
3434: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two,
3435: A function to convert non list input into an appropriate form.  If the argument is not provided, it returns null; if
3436: Checks if all characters in the given string are alphapets. If yes, returns true else false . "(
3437: Generates an RGB color based on the position of 'wheels' in its cycle. The wheels are used to generate colors
3438: Computes the inner product of two lists. If elements are strings, it compares them lexicographically; if they
3439: A function that returns the list of divisor numbers. It checks each number from one to n and if it is not zero
3440: A recursive function that removes all vowels from the input. The helper method is called with an incremented version of "
3441: Calculates the number of coefficients in polynomial with given degrees. The coefficient is defined as nth term where each x^n
3442: Removes the word 'additional' and any following content after it. 1st occurrence only, no more than one
3443: Checks if list is empty or contains only spaces.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."   .
3444: Returns the color in RGBA format as list of floats from given red, green and blue components with alpha value set to
3445: A function to check if the timeout is valid or not, and return it in seconds as float format when possible; otherwise returns
3446: A function to calculate the quartics ease out easing in/output. The input is position of progress, and output will
3447: Checks if the input is valid dictionary with two or three elements in each list. The keys are symbols and values can be
3448: This function masks an IP address with respect to the given network mask. It uses bit manipulation and recursion in order
3449: A function to multiply each element in the vector by scalar.  The result is another Vector .  	Example usage :
3450: A function that takes two parameters, 'max' and the current game state. It calculates an integer value based on how
3451: A function to check if the input is palidromic. It checks whether or not two adjacent characters are equal in an
3452: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. It takes in two parameters, the number and whether it's negative
3453: Code snippet that calculates the CGX of two parameters.  The first parameter is assumed to be in kg,
3454: Checks if the given string contains either '.' or '/' and then checks whether it is in one of two formats -
3455: This function strips the given string from its leading characters that match with provided one. If it's doesn’t start,
3456: This function limits the coordinates in an bounding box to be within [-π, +pi],[-LN/36
3457: Checks if the given argument is one of four cardinal directions.  Returns true or false as appropriate .   Code length :
3458: Convert string to index number.  The input is converted into an integer that can be used as array indices in some kind of
3459: This function takes three arguments and swaps their positions. It uses the let statement to temporarily hold one of them, then re
3460: A function that generates all the ones in an integer sequence. For example, if we call "(one's -3
3461: A function that splits the input string into list of substrings. The split is done based on comma delimiter,
3462: A recursive implementation to generate FIBONACCI series upto n numbers."   [END OF SUMMARY ]"
3463: Translate the given type of subsets to its corresponding name.  If no match is found, default it as 'Best'.
3464: Sort the list in ascending order by value at index zero, then second and third elements respectively. If there are any remaining
3465: Computes the difference between two numbers that are obtained by adding up all elements in an array and then squaring each element.
3466: A function to check if an integer is prime. Uses the Sieve of Eratosthenese algorithm."
3467: This function generates the shape of triangle. It takes one argument which is number indicating how many lines to print in triangles,
3468: Returns the string with underscores replaced by spaces.  Code is used to replace all whitespace characters in input strings,
3469: Finds the maximum value in an ordered list.  If input is empty, returns (-1).   Else if there
3470: Augments the features of input by applying transformations.  If augmented, it returns transformed version; otherwise return original one if
3471: This function takes in the current software's versions and returns its documentation format. It splits by '.' to get individual
3472: This function takes an integer and its position in the binary representation, then shifts that many places to left. It does so by
3473: Calculates the minimum of two time points.  Code is written in Scheme language and calculs return value as "t
3474: A function to get the first three nodes of each server in list which contains 'recoing'. This is used by other
3475: Generates the camera target position based on extent of two cameras . (Define getCamTarget function to return list
3476: Find all the ways of placing 'length' number on board such that each side is unique. The starting point can be any
3477: Shuts down the system when all GPUs are idle.  The shutdown will occur after specified time period, in seconds .
3478: This function calculates the latent heat of vaporization given an input temperature in Kelvin, which is used to calculate water
3479: Counts the number of unique lowercased English word in given list.  Code is used to count distinct palindrom
3480: A function to check if an author is in the list of given bibliography organizations.  If not, it returns false
3481: A function to get the RGB values from an input. If no argument given, it will throw error; if integer provided
3482: This function pads the given list with empty elements to reach length 'm'. If it'll be too short, then return
3483: This function takes two shapes and returns the one with more static dimensions. If they have equal number of dynamic or unknown dimensionality
3484: Returns the high byte of an integer.  Code snippet to extract and return only one bit from each word in data
3485: Convert the name of an Event to its corresponding number. If it is 'Baselined', return zero, else if there
3486: A function that takes two lists of strings, and returns the first list after filtering out any elements not in second.  It
3487: This function returns the value of one if 'x' is less than or equal to ```(parameter name = "diff
3488: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code snippet that converts the input temperature from degrees
3489: A function that calculates the incrementally updated mean of data points. The first input is always required, and subsequent inputs are
3490: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses cond statement and + operator in order of decreasing
3491: Get value from json dictionary. If the given 'dict' is empty or doesn’t contain ‘Key, then returns
3492: This function takes in three parameters - an event list, and two dictionaries. It returns the filtered events based on their category
3493: Computes the factorial of an integer. For example, "(factoriál l)" computaȽs t
3494: Checks if the given string contains "apts".  If so, it returns true. Otherwise false . The function is
3495: A function that checks if the length of inputted text is more than or equal two hundred eighty characters. If it'
3496: A function to check if the given 'field' is less than or equal ('_lt') ‘value’. If
3497: Convert list of strings into string. Flatten nested lists to their content and convert each element in the input sequence, if it
3498: Returns the URL to get coverage information.  It uses default if no specific name provided or returns it otherwise." .))"
3499: Splits the inputted comma separated list of strings into separate tokens.  The function returns an empty set if no elements
3500: Removes all non numeric characters from the input string.  Useful when you want to clean up an integer or decimal
3501: Calculates the reward based on current state and last performed operation. The result is negative of difference between states, but with an
3502: This function takes two arguments, 'text' and the mode. If in ODD or even number modes it appends `
3503: A function to calculate multivariable binomiials coefficients. It uses recursion and memoization technique."}
3504: Computes and returns two parameters of interest in an experiment.  The first parameter is related to how much time has passed since
3505: Returns the closest scalar to zero in between two given scalars. If 'x' is greater than both, it returns one
3506: Checks if the given integer is palidromic. 10 digits long, so it's not very
3507: Compares two strings in ANSI case insensitive manner.  If the string is equal, returns true; otherwise false
3508: A function that removes the specified string from each element of an input list. This is done by checking if any elements in '
3509: A function that concatenates all the strings in an input list. It uses recursion to iteratively process each string and combine
3510: Calculates the starting row of each block in an array. This is used to determine where we should start reading from when filling
3511: Create the coordinates of an intron in genomic sequence. This function takes three parameters, position(pos), stringant direction
3512: A function to convert the first character of an upper case string into lower. If it is already in Lower Case, return original
3513: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit. The formula is ctof(at)."
3514: Create padded sequences of given length. If sentence is longer than the required, it will be extended with zeros until its
3515: Parses GFF3 Attributes. 1 input is the string of gff file, outputs are two values -
3516: This function is used to convert the file paths. If it's an absolute or relative, then return as string else add
3517: Code to generate URLs of Biocoq data files from the source repository  .   " ) ;; BIOCON
3518: Checks if the first part of two paths are equal. If they have same number or more elements, it returns true;
3519: Remove the .XML extension from file names.   Code is used to remove XML extensions in filenames, if they exist
3520: Computes the mean percentage of absolute difference between true and predicted values. This is used to measure how well our model predicts
3521: A recursive function to reverse the string. Code is provided in one line, with comments explaining each step of operation.";
3522: Converts the given number of Mile to KM on Earth's surface using conversion factor from mile(km).
3523: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It uses an iterative approach with memoization of
3524: A function that adds two 1 byte signed integers. The result is clipped to the range of -30..6
3525: Reverse the order of characters in each word.  Input is string, output will be reversed sentence with spaces between
3526: Determine the phase from an informational text.  If it's preprocessing, return 'PRE'. Otherwise if executing
3527: Defines the smooth step function, which is used in some of our algorithms."}])]}]]]), "code"
3528: A function to perform binary XOR operation on two strings.  The input is represented as string of bits, and the output
3529: Checks if the least significant bit of an integer is set. If so, it returns 'true', otherwise return "false
3530: This function takes in one string and returns the same output as if it were written out loud. It will only capitalize on
3531: Convert string to boolean. If the input argument matches one of four predefined strings, convert it into corresponding bool values;
3532: This function checks if the message type of an event matches with text and then it searches in content. If prefixes are found
3533: Initializes the initial state of all cells in an N x M cell array with equal probability, resulting as if from uniform random
3534: Calculates the average of two salaries if they are given, otherwise calcula... .'s salary as half or double
3535: Finds the smallest number in list that is not zero. If all numbers are zeros, returns 'undefined'. Else
3536: Counts the number of bits in an integer. The function takes one argument, which is to be counted as binary form and
3537: Returns the date that is newer than given time.  The input parameter 'unit' defines whether it should return in days,
3538: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.   Code is defined with one line in
3539: This function takes in an input of ‘matrix’ and returns the rightmost column from that Matrix. It reverses each
3540: Returns true if the two states are in same state.  Otherwise, returns false .'s"  	;code to
3541: Get the starting position and name of each racer in upcoming races.  This function returns an association list where keys are '
3542: A recursive function that tries to find the mark in given range. It uses nested loops and conditionals, but it is
3543: Returns list of possible variations on the string 'no' or not found in any variation provided by user . It is used to
3544: Generates the position of scanners on layers. The function takes two parameters - 'time' and '-height'. It calcul
3545: A function that concatenates two strings.  It's used to combine the content of an HTML file with new data,
3546: Find the maximum depth of binary tree. This function uses recursion to find out how deep one side is in terms if it
3547: Check if the given files are all single images. If true, return True; otherwise False . (END SUMMARY).
3548: Checks if the given string is equal to 'Freezers' in lower case.  This function will be used by
3549: Code defines the next highest possible integer that is equal to or greater than given input. For example, if you give it an
3550: Calculates the distance between two points. The function takes three arguments - coordinates of one point and another, which are represented as
3551: Converts the output dimensions of space to depth x^(n+m)/k, where n and m are both
3552: A function that generates an error message when the type of its argument does not match with what it is supposed to.  It
3553: Interval intersection function. Given two intervals, it returns the common part of them if they exist; otherwise null is returned and
3554: Generates the string representation of an element in format [cluster][element].  For example, if you have two clusters named
3555: A function that divides one number by another. If the second argument is zero, it returns ‘undefined’ or null
3556: A function that checks if the coordinates of an object are within range. The x and y coords must be between [O
3557: This function is used to identify the type of gibson toy. The input parameter 'tag' should be in string format
3558: A function to calculate the radius of an ellipse. The formula used is sqrt(|m*h^3
3559: This function checks if the given string is either '----' or ‘’(single quote). If it matches, returns
3560: A recursive function to find the greatest common divisior of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which
3561: Generates tuple list of mixture weights. Each tuple is in the format ("name", index, value). The name indicates
3562: A function that takes in an ASCII only input and outputs it as one line. It does not convert non printable characters
3563: This function calculates the output of Gauss's law.  It takes four arguments - initial temperature, final input voltage
3564: Generates the name of tile directory based on its position.  This is used to load all tiles within that specific area in
3565: Return the inverse of class to index dictionary.  This is used in reverse mapping between classes and indices during training or inference phase
3566: This function returns the Air Quality Index level of an air sample. It takes in one argument, which is presumably temperature or
3567: A function that returns the ratio of corresponding elements in two lists. If they are not equal length, it raises an error message
3568: Checks if the given 'breaking' condition is equal to its corresponding end result.  If they are same, returns true
3569: A binary search implementation in Scheme. It takes an ordered list and the value to be found, as well lower/upper
3570: A function to rescales the input between two given values.  It's used in image processing tasks like scaling,
3571: Generates the coefficients of rayleigh damping model in two variables, using parameters from an input list . The first coefficient
3572: Defines the right shift operation on an unsigned 31 bit integer. The result is still in same format as input value
3573: A function to get the rank of an object based on its singular values. It returns zero if there are no more elements in
3574: This function truncates the number to specified decimal places. It uses string length and round functions from Scheme's built in
3575: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The first two numbers in fib(n)."
3576: Converts Oxford comma text to list of phrases. The input is assumed as string with commas separated values, e..
3577: Creates and returns the result of dividing each element in 'list' by ‘operan’. If any division
3578: This function converts the input value to float. The conversion is done by multiplying it with maximum possible integer part of one
3579: Returns true if the given string is in set of strings.  If not, returns false .   Code length = 16
3580: Calculates variance of the data. It takes two parameters - number 'n' and probability parameter, which is used to calculate
3581: Returns the number of files in one level from given list. It's used to count all folders and subdirectories within
3582: Returns the truncated time in seconds from given UNIX Timestamp.   [END] . This function takes an input of
3583: A recursive function that prints all elements of the list in order. It uses conditionals to handle different cases based on whether
3584: Convert the given 3 element list to UCSC format. The first two elements are converted into string and concatenated with
3585: A recursive function to calculate the sum of square numbers upto 'n'. The input is an integer and returns its corresponding
3586: A function to get the first part of an EC reserved instance id. This is useful in getting rid or identifying specific instances within
3587: Compute the heuistic distance between two points in Euclidean space.  The function takes as input pairs of coordinates,
3588: Retrieves the value of an SENML record. Returns #F if no matching URN or Label is found
3589: Clean column names to remove brackets. The function takes in an array of strings, and returns the same list with any square
3590: parse msg ids into numbers. If the string ends with digits, it is treated as number; otherwise not parsed at
3591: This function calculates the surface temperature of an air sample at given wavelenghts using empirical formula based on molecular att
3592: A function that returns the cyclically shifted version of an input number. It takes two parameters, 'value' and range ('
3593: A function to calculate the heat transfer coefficient between two materials in rectangular form, given specific electrical resistance and thermal conductivity at room
3594: A function that generates unique label names from the input list of lines. The result is returned in reverse order to maintain consistency with
3595: A function to handle the device selection in sessions. It can be used with different types of devices like web, mobile etc.,
3596: A function that calculates the absolute difference between two colors. It takes in an array of color values and returns another list with
3597: This function checks if the given color is valid. It only accepts colors within range of black to white, inclusive on both ends
3598: A function that checks if the first element of list is equal to its reverse.  If yes, it returns true; otherwise
3599: A function that searches through the dictionary and returns its value if it finds an entry with given key. If not, then #
3600: Implemented sigmoide function with power of two as input" . -end-.   --> Code to calculate the
3601: A function that replaces multiples of three and five with ' Fiz' or Buz, replacing the number which is
3602: 1. Copy the contents of one tar ball to another directory on disk, while keeping all files and directories in their original
3603: Merge two index sections. If the first list is empty, it returns second one; if an element of both lists are
3604: Calculating the GINI index of two classes. The function takes in an array and calcula...'s gi
3605: This function replaces all instances of one string with another in the given input. It takes two strings as parameters, and returns
3606: Defines default value of the given input parameter in case it is either transmission, memory or processing . If none matches then exit
3607: A function that generates keys based on the given parameters.  '(key1 key3 ,,,,))'.   .
3608: A function to identify the type of COVID - related information from textual data. It uses list comprehension and string manipulation
3609: Checks if the value is not within specified range.  It uses 'and' to return false as soon it finds out
3610: This function takes in an array of URLs and replaces the last part with given string. It uses map to apply l
3611: Generates an extension string from the given arguments. The first argument is used as base, and any subsequent ones are appended
3612: Wraps the given JavaScript in <SCRIPT><\/SCIPT>  tags.  Used to ensure compatibility with browsers that do
3613: Checks if the given string is one of several common prefixes used in git requirements.  It returns true when it finds
3614: Create function to greet someone.  Input is name, returns string with personalized message .
3615: A function that checks if one string starts with another.  It uses the built in R6RS Scheme functions "sub
3616: Returns true if the number is even, false otherwise. Code checks whether or not an inputted integer has no remainder when divided
3617: Returns the letter of Excel sheet based on its index. For example, if you have three columns and your current position is in
3618: This function takes in 3 coordinates of the surface and returns them as length/angle measurements. It converts from Radians
3619: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the string representation. The join operation is performed on each element in order to
3620: This function takes as input the name of an IP address, and returns its shortened version.  It does so by splitting
3621: Returns the value of ZkL. The formula is derived from two equations and uses conditional statements to handle cases where L <
3622: A function to split strings into lines. It uses recursion and string iteration, which makes it easy on the eyes due its
3623: A function that returns the maximum length of strings in list.  If input is empty, it will return zero as no string
3624: Checks if the given string is palidromic. 0/1 input only, no output required in console or
3625: This function returns the deltations between consecutive elements in an input list. If there are only two or no element, it
3626: Code to check if setup.py is enabled or not in the current directory and its parent directories recursively, and returns True
3627: Function to check if the chocolate maker is ready. If it's either at stage with all ingredients or has made enough ch
3628: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as per fibonacci
3629: Updates only the keys that exist in both dictionaries. If key does not exists, it is ignored and remains unchanged from
3630: This function returns the headers required to authenticated requests.  It uses OAuth Bearers token as input parameter which is
3631: Check if the given key is available in json object.  Returns #true or false based on whether it exists within JSON Object
3632: A function that calculates the value of an asymmetrical polynomial. The coefficients and exponent are given in terms on 'beta
3633: A function that takes three arguments and returns the sum of two multiplied by one third.  It's named "M
3634: Returns the tuple with fixed length. If original list is shorter than required, appends extra elements to make it equal in size
3635: Convert the given string to HTML title. If length of input is less than or equal ten, return it as an html tag
3636: Returns the filename based on input parameters, e..g., Z10D3T4 -> 		"Solar
3637: Check if the input string ends with 'k'. If yes, return #true. Else Return false or an empty list
3638: Returns the suffix of winlink rule name. 0 if not embedded, else returns _e or .exe depending on whether
3639: Convert all non numeric characters to {} in the given input.  For example, convert 'a' and return it as
3640: A function that calculates the sum of cubes. This is done by multiplying each number in an input list with itself
3641: Checks if the given string is palidromic by comparing it with its reverse.  This version uses list to convert
3642: A function that calculates the estimation formula based on dynamic background. It takes three parameters - 'growth', and two constants
3643: Interleaves two lists. If one of the input is empty, it returns what's left in other as result .
3644: A function to calculate the mid point index of an array. If size is odd, returns integer value; if even it gives
3645: This function calculates the waiting times of different types and numbers patient in an emergency room. It takes as input all individual objects
3646: Checks if the number is divisible by two. If it's even, returns true; otherwise false . (
3647: Converts all numbers in the input to their decimal equivalents and recursively conversts lists, vectors or pairs into
3648: Convert the given hour, day or week number to its description.  For example '30 days' becomes daily and so
3649: A function that displays the arguments passed to it and then says 'after curl...'.  	Inputs : word list
3650: Returns the string in reverse but with an initial dash if it starts as not.   "(code)" is used to denote
3651: This function checks if the points are in counterclockwise order. It does so using vector cross product and returns true or false
3652: A recursive function that sorts the elements of an input list. It first deletes duplicates, then it splits each
3653: Creates an index name.  The dictionary and the given string are combined to create one unique identifier of that entry in another
3654: Checks if the given argument is float. 1 line solution in Scheme/Racket language .   -> (#
3655: Defines the ratio of two numbers.  It is used to calculate share in stocks or investments based on their total value and
3656: A function that returns the target coordinates based on direction of movement in degrees from north, east or south and distance to move along
3657: Creates an id generator that maps names to unique integers. If the given "Name" is already in use, it generates
3658: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The function takes an integer as input and returns that number in
3659: Computes the harmonic mean of list elements. If input is empty, returns '(). Otherwise it calculates and return result as
3660: Convert negative index values to positive. If the value is already nonnegative, leave it as such and if its less than zero
3661: This function returns foreign keys from the given list. It checks if it is not null, and also whether its type matches string
3662: A function to calculate the average of two numbers; input is both numeric values and returns their averages as floating point number
3663: Creates an object that sets the target location.  The parameters are magnitude, timestamp and coordinates in decimal degrees of longitude
3664: This function rescales the value of an old range to new values.  It takes four parameters, two representing ranges and
3665: Converts seconds to samples. 1 second = 480, number of sample points in one beat = the result
3666: This function takes in one argument, which is presumably the current time. It returns that same input but formatted as "YY
3667: A function to parse agent names from string.  It splits the input by commas and creates an appropriate number of agents
3668: A function to get the role name of lambda execution.  The format is arn string with specific prefix and suffix as
3669: Defines the function triangle area. Takes two arguments, computes and returns its value . The formula to calculate is "
3670: A function to calculate the cude of an input.  Input is cubed in order not just by multiplying it with
3671: A function that checks if the given object is of type git or github.  It also verifies whether it has issues
3672: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The input is represented as pairs of coordinates and output will be real number representing
3673: Calculates the total fuel used to move from one position in an array of positions. The function takes two arguments - current post
3674: Adds two 3D vector objects. If the input is not valid, it throws an error message stating that they are
3675: Converts the ASCII characters of lowercase alphabet to upper case. (define atbash "nopq
3676: A function that returns the specified string with an optional semantic verion append.  If no semver is provided, it simply
3677: Converts speed from miles per hour to kilometers/hour if given, otherwise returns the input unchanged .   [
3678: Retrieves the subnumber of an episode. 1 is considered as main title, all others are subtitles or
3679: A function to check if the input is prime. It uses an iterative method of checking divisor from two upwards,
3680: Converts the given name of an external hard drive to its mount point.  For instance, if you have /dev
3681: Returns the coordinates of lines drawn on screen. The orientation can be either top, bottom or left/ right based upon given parameters
3682: Flatens the dictionary by recursively flatening nested dicts. If an element is not of type 'Dict', it
3683: A function that calculates the ir frame number based on RGB index.  The formula is used to convert an RBG
3684: Returns the radius of an object in pixels.  If not present, returns false/undefined value." Code is
3685: Check if the data has nested keys. (define _checkNesting .01 ) ;; Set to
3686: This function calculates the worst active days in given Timelines. It uses hash table to store each date as key and its
3687: A function to calculate the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in an input vector 'v' and another one,
3688: Checks if the input is one of several patterns that can be used to represent an integer in binary. This function will return
3689: Obtaining value from an input. If the given parameter is numerically, return it as number; if its ends with '
3690: A function that maps years to the closest possible future value. If it's between two ranges, then return middle of range
3691: A function to perform Caesar cipher encryption on an inputted text. The number of shifts is determined by the second parameter passed
3692: This function calculates the time of arrival and departure times in minutes from an array list. It takes as input individual patient records
3693: A recursive function that generates coordinates in an array. It takes two lists, one of dimensions and the other with values to
3694: Computes the sum of two numbers using bit manipulation. The function takes in binary inputs and performs addition operation on them by
3695: A function to convert Miles into Feets.   .'s in the input, output as feet and return it."
3696: Checks if the length of coda fits in given duration index. If it doesn't, throws an error message stating
3697: A function to calculate the scale factor of Laplacian noise, which is used in image processing and signal analysis . The
3698: A function that finds headers in the given list of strings. It checks if each line is equal to its previous one and returns
3699: This function counts the number of successful and unsuccesfull trials in an experiment. It takes as input one list containing
3700: A function that returns the length of input string.  It's used to measure how long something is in characters or bytes
3701: Compare two SQL statements lists. Returns true if all elements are equal, false otherwise and stops at the first difference it encounters
3702: A function to get unique elements from an ordered sequence. It uses recursion and member helper method of Scheme language."
3703: A function that indents each line of the input text. The number and type   formatting is preserved but with tabs instead
3704: A function to return the list of operating systems available.  It takes one parameter (_ os), which is optional and defaults as
3705: Returns true if the given number is leap, else false. Checking whether or not it's an appropriate time to take
3706: Get the id of an object.  The result is stored in .cache file with key as 'obj'+'_'.
3707: returns the action's result as string.  It takes in one argument, which is expected to be either 'pass',
3708: Check if the input is connection test.  Return true or false accordingly .   Code snippet to be used in other
3709: checks if all elements in the list are dicts with key '"@typ"  .   This is used to check whether
3710: Create an object to represent the section of Slacker's message.  Text is required and will be displayed as part in
3711: Checks if the clockwises are enabled or not.  If yes, then it returns true; otherwise false is returned
3712: This function takes as input an array of expressions and returns the same output, but formatted in such way that it is easier to
3713: Code splits the given list into two lists, one with elements less than or equal to 'value' and another greater.
3714: Code generates the index of one specific pixel in an array. The input is two coordinates and returns its position within that grid/
3715: A function to generate an error message when the input is not valid.  This should be used in conjunction with other functions that
3716: Returns the ratios of two lists.  If one list is shorter than another, it will return zeroes in its place to
3717: This function converts the input into its numeric representation. It also handles strings that can be converted to numbers and any other
3718: A function that takes in the URL of an online resource and returns its name.  It does so by splitting up into segments
3719: A function to round the values of given filter parameters.  It multiplies each parameter by its respective coefficient and then applies an
3720: Converts the parameters of ansi color to jupiter. Returns floor value from resultant calculation, which is equivalent in
3721: Check if the first element of 'problem' is in any part/subpart ‘shape’. If it isn,
3722: A function that merges two dictionaries. If either of the inputs is not dictionary, it returns as if they were lists
3723: Returns the file type of given .path string based on its extension (.jpg, tiffs etc). If no match found it
3724: A function that trims the first three characters of input string. If it's less than or equal to two third,
3725: Dump datetime to string.  If the input is not none, return it in ISO format else returns nil .   Code
3726: A recursive function to generate all possible binary strings of length equal or less than the given number. The first element is '
3727: A function that returns the first three values of an input list. If there is no third value, it defaults to zero if
3728: A function that checks if the guessed word is in an answer, and returns either "life point" or subtracts
3729: Code extends the first argument with elements of second. If it is null, returns as result what's in 'second'.
3730: Preprocessing of textual data. It breaks down the input into individual 'sentences', then filters out any empty or whites
3731: This function calculates the relevant part of an equation.  The input parameters are as follows - 'r', which is related
3732: Returns the type of instrument based on its number. If it's between range [(program, <), then return corresponding
3733: A function to set the font's point of origin in points per inch, or return current value if no argument provided .
3734: Generates an approximation of the reciprocal sum from list elements in ascending order.";   ; Explanation here
3735: A function to check if the input number is power of two. If it's zero or one, returns true; otherwise
3736: Trims whitespace from the left and right of string.  If no argument is given, returns an empty character vector;
3737: A recursive function to split an expression into its individual parts. The result is the indices of each part in parentheses
3738: Determine the bucket suffix based on location of file in repository.  This function is used to determine which kind or type '
3739: Create an absolute path to the socket file used by bs.elisp'd programs like swayidle and w
3740: A function that returns the cumulative distribution of an input value. It is uniform in its behavior, meaning it will return any
3741: A function that calculates the y value given an input of 'x' and slope coefficient ‘m’. The equation
3742: This function takes an input of type 'rgba' and converts it to its equivalent integer value. It is used in
3743: This function calculates the height of binary tree.  It recursively calls itself to find out heights from left and right subt
3744: A function that calculates the sums of an array and squares it, as well count number elements in each sub list. It
3745: A function to convert one dimensional index into three dimensions grid.  It takes four arguments - the single dimension linearized array'
3746: Calculates the distance between two triangles.  The three points of one triangle are given and another is compared to it using
3747: A function to compute the bounding box of points.  The input is list with each element as pair(point)."
3748: Check if all numbers in the list are divisor of given number.  If yes, return true; otherwise false .'
3749: Convert all elements of the input list to base -9 logarithm scale, ie., convert from decimal numbers into fractional
3750: Generates an image UUID based on the VDU and NFd details.  It's used to generate unique ident
3751: Code to find the multiples of either three or five below given number. If multiple, add it in total; if not
3752: A recursive function to calculate the population counter in binary representation of an integer. It uses bitwise operation and division method,
3753: Generates the URL to access git repository of given package in gnome organization on GitLab platform . (Example usage :
3754: A recursive function to calculate factorial of an integer. The base case is when the input number 'n' becomes less
3755: This function is used to find the number of false negatives in an algorithm. It uses two nested loops, one looping
3756: Computes the magnificance of two radii.  This is equivalent to dividing their sum by one radius, which
3757: Creates an HTML entity reference to the space character.  This is used in place of spaces when embedding content into documents or
3758: A function that computes the dot product of two lists. The input is assumed to be nonempty and have same length,
3759: Compute the function f(x,y)."   }]])]))]]].'}}}]],[[[[]
3760: Create hash table to convert direction of the sun from degrees clockwise around its zenith into symbolic name .   Code
3761: Translate from one based indexing to zero base. ie, convert the indices of an array/vector into their corresponding
3762: A function to generate an NxN identity/ones Matrix. The number of elements in the row and column are provided as
3763: Calculates the amount of acids in each molecule, their mass and then calculus its index. The calculation is
3764: A function that creates an n by m grid with the given dimension. If there is only one row, it returns as list
3765: Generates all possible positions of dots in the grid. This is used to generate random dot placements during simulation runs."
3766: This function converts the names of weights to layer name. It takes in one argument, which is usually either an input or
3767: Returns the dictionary associated with 'data'.  If not, returns false.   .::code:.```python    def get
3768: A function to generate the stock chart url using finnhub's api with given ticker symbols . ."
3769: Converts Huffman frequency list to Zipfian Frequencies.   . The map function applies the l
3770: This function returns the sign of number 'x'. It checks if "X" is greater than, less then or equal to
3771: Calculates the real part of SDOF modal peak function.  .   ;; Defines sdokf\_
3772: Merge two sorted lists into one. If the first list is empty, return second; if it's not and its
3773: This function checks if the input is valid number of hours. If it's not, returns zero; otherwise calculates and
3774: Create or append evidence file with given name.  Variable is used to store the information about an event in progress of being
3775: This function calculates the wavelength of light that is visible at any given distance from an object. It takes three parameters - '
3776: This function generates the schema location string based on namespaces and their respective locations in an XML Schema Definition file (.xsd
3777: Creates an object that holds the header information of ads configuration bot, including title and its related details like image style etc..
3778: A function to format Solace Cloud credentials.  The input is the dictionary of credential details and returns an http url string
3779: Checks if the input is unicode string. 1/3 of total lines in .txt files are considered to be
3780: Returns the path to raw competitors data file of given YP username on local machine  .   '(get' function returns
3781: Returns true if the file name is not production.  Otherwise, returns false or nil;'s . 'name of function
3782: A function to convert seat codes into their respective integer values. It takes in one argument, the binary string of seats and returns
3783: Defines the function sum of two numbers.  It takes in parameters and returns their sums as result, which is another number
3784: Returns true if the parameters are in results, false otherwise.  It checks whether or not there is an entry with these specific
3785: A function to truncates the decimal part of an integer. It takes one argument, which is supposedly be either real or
3786: Converts an integer to binary string. If the number of digits is less than two, it pads with zeros
3787: A function to calculate the similarity between two strings. It counts how many common characters are in both and divides it by length
3788: Converts binary to decimal. Code snippet provided by the user, which is equivalent of converting an input in base
3789: A function that calculates the virtual temperature from mixing ratio and specific heat capacity of an ideal gas at constant pressure, given by
3790: Create unique filename from the given path and extensions.  The function splits by '/' to get all parts of name,
3791: Get list of file sets used in the build.  This is done by getting all files from each set and storing them as
3792: A function to calculate the number of times an element can be divided by another. This is used in calculating compound interest and determining
3793: Checks if point C is on the left side of line AB. If so, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending
3794: Returns the linear coefficient from two points. The formula used is derived by solving system of equations with given point pairs to find coefficients
3795: A function to create an array of wire pairs from the input list. The output is then used as part in another pyth
3796: A function to get the Y coordinate of an element on gameboard. If it is not valid, returns -1 . The
3797: Removes all digts from the input string.  The output is converted back to character list form and then into an equivalent
3798: This function takes three arguments and returns the larger of two. If 'n' is less than or equal to one argument,
3799: Returns the list of elements in `lines` that match with given index and value.  Filters out all other values from
3800: A function to calculate the monthly payment of an annual compound deposit. The formula used is based on simple and compounded interests,
3801: Checks if two series are equal. (Note that the function assumes both lists and their elements have same length.)
3802: A function that returns the date in Persians calendar format.  Inputs are Year, Month and Day respectively .   Output
3803: Convert the first two elements of each list to string. If third element is empty, append it as part 1; else
3804: This function capitalizes the first letter of its input string. It uses subprocedure to extract and upper case character from initial
3805: Returns the shift in velocity of an object with given speed and distance. The result is not used directly, but can be useful
3806: Returns the nonnegative number stored in an object with given key. If not found, throws error message and halt execution of program
3807: A function to convert decimal degrees into hour, minute and second format. The input is the total number of degree in float value
3808: Adapts the learning rate based on how many times it has been called. The function adjusts by dividing or multip
3809: A function to compute the cube of an input number.  Input is cubic in size, output also cubes it .
3810: A function that returns the binary representation of an integer. If bit length is required, it will return as many leading zeros
3811: Check if the given file is not in MNSIT files list to avoid any malicious use of these images by attackers
3812: Checks if the given number is within specified range. 1st parameter should be lower limit, second one higher and third
3813: A function to get the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. e,g., if we call `
3814: A function that checks if the first keyword is in any of its alternatives. If none are found, it returns false; otherwise
3815: Checks if the given sequence matches with instructions in list. If so, returns true; otherwise false .'s"
3816: Creates callback data string.  Format is 'button type;category' . It can be used to identify which buttons have
3817: Create and return the readability of text. It takes as input string 't' which is to be made more understandably
3818: Checks if the input is symbol or numeric. If it're not, returns false else checks whether they are in
3819: Generates the full path of an existing file or directory in one line.  Given three arguments, it returns their concatenation
3820: Convert string to boolean. If the input is not recognized as either 'True', ‘False’, or an integer in
3821: A function that checks if all characters in the string are ASCII. If not, it returns false; otherwise true . The
3822: Flips the first and last name of an Author. It takes as input one string, which is assumed to be in format
3823: Returns the copy of given data set.  If it is FS Voc or CCo default, returns its Copy version
3824: Returns the first node in list if it is not null, otherwise returns #F.  Used to get either an item or
3825: This function applies affinity transformation to the point. It takes four parameters - scalars, translation vectors and rotation matrix . The
3826: This function calculates the DM step size based on data type, bandwidth and factor of scaling factors respectively." (defun
3827: Extracting the percentage from strings and converting them into numbers in one line.";'s/ /,/.g" -
3828: This function is used to get the configuration of an interfaces in terms if they are connected or not, and their IP addresses respectively
3829: This function calculates the superficial cubic of an object with side length 's'. It takes one argument, s which is
3830: Returns the inflected form of an adjective.  The function takes two parameters - 'adjective' and map from adject
3831: This function computes the surface temperature from an input of heating flux in W/m^(K). It is assumed that
3832: Change the coordinates of two points in wire. If they are not on same line, change their x or y coordinate according to
3833: Finds all points in the given rectangle. The input is an list of lists where each inner pair represents two coordinates and outputs
3834: A function that reverses the order of elements in list. If element is >, it becomes <= and vice versa if
3835: Get the account id of an AWS Code Pipelines job from its hash refrence."  . Please note that you should
3836: Generates GUID file with the specified section type, attributes and inputs from an existing one." (END OF SUM
3837: Scales the input between [min,max] to range from -inf(infinity), and then scales it back
3838: Calculates the percentage of correct responses in CSA tests, given number totals and countings from CSAT test results data
3839: A function that returns true if the HTTP response should be retried. This is determined by checking whether an http request returned with
3840: A function that checks if the input is either number or float. If it's not, returns original value otherwise applies given
3841: This function returns the maximum of two numbers.  If they are equal, it will return one number itself as its output because
3842: Parses the UID from an URL.  The bot' s id is extracted and returned as part of its unique
3843: This function calculates the accuracy of fashion and mobile app predictions on KAGGLE public data set using beauty, clothing or
3844: A function to calculate the Kr�nner product of two vectors. The input is represented as pairs, where each pair consists
3845: This function takes in one argument, which is the string to be converted into its equivalent underscore separated version.  It does
3846: This function finds the minimum value in an input list. If there are no elements, it returns 'm'. It uses recurs
3847: Convert time in milisecnd to string format. e,g., convertMilliSecondstoString(487
3848: Generates the trailer of an object in html format. 1 line only, no parameters needed."   }}}}}} .
3849: A recursive function that sums the digts of an integer. It uses helper to handle division and remainder operations on input number
3850: This function cleans the input string by converting it to lower case and splitting into separate word, then joining them with underscores
3851: Removes the specified DNS name from ssh known hosts file ."   }]], [{ .text = "\(map
3852: A function that performs floating point division. If the second number is zero, it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise return first/second
3853: Filter out underscores in string. Returns the input as is if it contains no whitespaces, otherwise converts all characters
3854: Merge two binary trees. If one of the input is null, it returns that nonempty Tree as output; if both
3855: A function to convert MIDI note numbers into frequencies.   Code uses the formula of converting from musical pitch class numbering
3856: Convert HTML img tags to AMP format.  This is useful when you want your site's content in the amp version
3857: This function checks if the current epoch is at or after an interval defined by 'curr' and its corresponding period. The
3858: A function to convert binary string representation of numbers into decimal.  It takes as input an array/list 'bits' and
3859: A function that performs inverse linear interpolation. It takes three parameters, two points and one value to linerarly map from
3860: Converts Hex color codes to RGB values. The input is expected as string of length two or four, starting with
3861: A function to calculate the faster power of two. It calculates by recursively calling itself with half values until it reaches zero
3862: Invert the sequence of numbers within each note. If an integer is encountered, it will be increased by one and if there
3863: This function calculates the Hammings distance between two lists. It subtracting one list from another and then returning how many
3864: Creates the query parameters to use in HTTP requests. If length of input is less than four, it will return only one
3865: Generates the string representation of firesims tags. This is used to identify different versions and commits in case there are multiple
3866: This function takes an input and checks if it is in list format. If not, converts the given argument to be part
3867: Checks if the input is an SSL on directives.	   .endcode">' | tr -d '\
3868: Code to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. The Euclidean algorithm is used here, but with some modifications so
3869: A function to convert time in milliseconds into readable format. e,g., if input is '347
3870: A function that generates the dictionary of target numbers. It takes an integer as input and returns its digits in reverse order with
3871: A function that replaces the first character of each voweland in an input list with some given string. If it is not
3872: Returns the list of URLs that contain all specified keyword(ss).  [code]   .[.]././
3873: Returns the type of binocularity based on its intensity. The function is used to classify different types and ranges in
3874: Convert the given numerical rating to string. The ratings are as follows : Terrible -> 0, Bad    = �
3875: Function to find n's term in an arithmetic sequence. It takes three parameters - the initial element, its difference and
3876: A function to pad an integer with leading zeros. If the number is positive and divisible by four, it returns zero
3877: This function takes an integer or float as its argument and returns the complement of that number, ie., it subtracts
3878: This function takes as input an RNA sequence and returns its reverse complements. It uses the map procedure to apply each character
3879: Convert Celsius to Farenheight"s function."  	    		    . .
3880: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. It uses recursion and the floor division operator, which returns only whole
3881: Parses phrases into their component strings. It uses underscore to join the components of each string in order, and also
3882: A function that converts the given number to M based on logarithm scale. The result is an integer value of one decimal
3883: A function to block renorm signals by averaging the two consecutive samples in each pair of blocks, with half their values used
3884: Convert MIDI Note to ANSIColorNote.   Code takes in one argument, the number of middle C
3885: This function calculates the wave number based on current model's progression. It takes three arguments - 'currentTime',
3886: Calculates the sum of divsior numbers. This function takes an integer as input and returns its total sums all it'
3887: A function to combine like term combinations. This is used in the Tanaka algorithm, which combines similar elements together and removes duplic
3888: Calculates the total cost of an item, considering its content and style.  The price is determined by multiplying it with
3889: Checks if the given 'board' is horizontal valid. A vertical validation checks whether each column of rows in "Board
3890: Generates display name from the given hash.  The format is 'FamilyName:' and then version number."'s Rev
3891: This function returns the sign of number 'x'. If it is less than zero, then return '-1', if greater or
3892: Creates an associative array with keys as the prefix and values are root names.  It's used to generate unique
3893: This function takes two arguments, the string to shift and an integer representing how many positions you want it shifted. It returns new
3894: This function calculates the power spectral density of an array with dimension 'n'. It is based on formulae derived from linear
3895: Returns list of eligible CRATERS based on their altitude and azimuth. (Filter out those that are not
3896: A function that returns the string {{item}}.  It's used to generate an HTML tag.   . Example usage :
3897: This function calculates the sum of bogs in parallel. It takes as input an integer n, which is used to specify
3898: Returns the position of an element in one dimensional array. If it is at end or start, returns [#t] else
3899: A function to print the commands in list format.  "." is used as separator between each command .'s on
3900: This function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It takes one argument, the temperature in degrees of free
3901: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in space, given that they are equidistant from each other. It
3902: Create an open file function that returns the input object of given filename and opening in specified modes.  If fail to read,
3903: A function that takes in an input string and returns the first word of it. It is used to get user's message
3904: Convert the input into its unsigned representation. If it is larger than max limit, raise exception; if smaller or equal zero then
3905: Normalizes the float number to be between 0 and one. It's useful when you want your data in certain range
3906: Parse the given number into its constituent parts. The input is expected to be an integer and returns two values, where
3907: Checks if the given input is an integer.  If it's not, returns #F; otherwise return whether or
3908: A function that checks if the status of copying files is valid. If not it throws an error message stating what operation was stopped
3909: A function to reverse the order of elements in list.  The input is one element, and output should be reversed version
3910: Returns true if the given string is private. Otherwise, returns false or throws an error indicating that it's not possible to
3911: A function to add two numbers. 1 input, one output . Adds the inputs and returns result of addition operation on
3912: A function that adds one to the input argument. It is public and can be called with any number as an argumet
3913: This function takes an input string in the format 'hh.nn' and returns its equivalent minutes value, where hour is represented
3914: Generates alternate case letters in the string. It takes an input of any length and returns it with alternating cases ie
3915: Returns the URL of an image file in TMS format.  The url is composed from different parts such as map type,
3916: Checks if two files are equal. If one file is not found, returns false; otherwise checks the content of both and
3917: A function to convert bytes into human readable format. It uses the powers of two as units and provides abbreviations like K
3918: A function that calculates the alphabet value of an input string. The character 'A' is assigned point values as follows
3919: Checks if string is palin.dromic by comparing characters from both ends of the given input and moving towards center
3920: Returns the first element of pair if it exists, else returns itself. This function is used to unify pairs in lists and
3921: A function that gets the first N selected elements from an input list of pairs. If there are less than n items left,
3922: Generates unique ids of given length. The generated uid is composed by random characters from the set 'a' to
3923: Creates and returns the coordinates of an axis aligned rectangle.  Coordinates are returned as two lists, one with horizontal coordinate
3924: Returns the fraction of elements in list 'list' that are also present as members within another given inputted array. The function
3925: Split the data line into three parts. If there are only two elements, return them as is; otherwise join third element
3926: This function takes in one argument, an input string. It returns the same as its parameter but with each word's initial
3927: Check if an entry exists in the database.  If not, returns false; otherwise true or error message indicating that there is
3928: This function is used to tweek the encryption range based on configuration. It can be configured with different ranges depending upon cryptographic
3929: Computes the square of sums over all integers within [begin,end]. This is done by looping through each integer in
3930: Converts the given input to its equivalent on devices.  If it is not already in list or tuple format, then
3931: Computes the flow parameter of an object with length 'l' and velocity constant at speed ‘v’, where density
3932: A function that checks if all elements in an input list are smaller than the given 'limit'.  If they aren't
3933: Checks if the input value can be converted to float.  Returns true or false accordingly.";	End of Code Block
3934: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. Input is an list of three numbers representing the Red, Green and Blue components respectively
3935: Computes the edit distance between two strings. This function is used to measure how similar are sequences of characters in different paths,
3936: Calculates the connection score based on passwords. If any of these keywords are found in given string, it adds extra points
3937: Generates flakes command to check the style of Python source files.  It takes one argument, which is path/to
3938: Convert level to color. This function converts the log levels into colors that can be used in web development tools and libraries like
3939: A function that converts an integer into the corresponding endline character. The input is between -1 and +7, where
3940: Code that calculates the number of blocks needed to mine. The input is an array containing information about different types and sizes block
3941: This function compares the lengths of two strings. It returns either zero, one or negative numbers depending on whether they are equal
3942: This function takes in one argument, and if it is not already paired with another pair of parentheses then wraps the
3943: Generates an empty conjunction of size 'n'.  Each element in the result is zero.   The number and type can
3944: A function that changes the variation of an input. The initial value is increased by 'x' and then divided into ten,
3945: Finds the first node in list of elements that matches given display Name.  If no match is found, it returns false
3946: Logs out the current user.  Code is used to log users into system or logs them off from it .
3947: Function to calculate the area of rhumbuses with given diagonals lengths .   [Explain what is being calculated]
3948: A function to truncates the inputted strings. If it's longer than specified length, return subtring of that size
3949: Create systematic arguments based on the given dictionary of parameters. If none exists then returns an empty string otherwise it constructs and
3950: This function converts an input into its string representation. If the given argument is not null, it returns that as well if
3951: A function to calculate the GMOF of two numbers. The formula is used in several places, such as computing distances between
3952: A simple function that multiplies its input by one. It is used as an example of backward propagation in neural networks, where
3953: Code to generate sub graphs from edge list. It takes as input the set of all possible nodes and generates an adjacency
3954: Parses an option's label from its full text. 1st level of parsing is done on colon separ
3955: A function that performs element wise division of two lists. If one list is empty, it returns an empyt result;
3956: Given an input list of strings, strip out any empty or null entries.  Outputs the result as another List with no
3957: A function that converts time in ms to formatted string. It displays the number of hours, then minues and lastly
3958: Returns the ratio of two numbers. If second number is zero, it returns first one else return division result .'s".
3959: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.   [10 points] .'
3960: This function takes in three arguments, the number of 'episodes' to be simulated and an integer representing which type or
3961: Returns the screnner type of given input. It checks if its string or list and returns appropriate screener based on it
3962: This function splits the given string into tokens based on whitespaces. It is used to tokenise sentences in natural language processing
3963: Displays the information of multiple tags in a format that is easy to read and understand, either a single number or floating
3964: Generates an URL safe representation of the provided email addresses. It takes in one argument, which is expected to represent either two
3965: Returns true if the input is in other letter digs.  Input must be one character string that matches any of these categories
3966: A function that joins formatted text into one line. If the list is empty, it returns an emtpy string; otherwise
3967: Counts the number of occupied seats in an array. If it is '#', counts as one, else zero; if there
3968: A function to format the id of resources.  It takes two parameters - type and ID, returns them combined in '/'
3969: This function finds the secondary structure regions from an input sequence. It uses dynamic programming to find all possible structures of sequences with given
3970: Checks if an array is sorted in ascending order.  If the list has no elements or only one element, it
3971: Calculates the difference between two amounts. – This is used to determine if there's any controversial billing on
3972: Returns the proposed value of an element to be used in cutting off values. If it's less than zero, returns half
3973: Convert the given input to an integer if it is 'None' or convert otherwise.  Code uses cond statement and other functions
3974: This function returns the history of moves made by 'piece' on given game state.  It uses map and lambda to
3975: Checks if the current program is running in GUI mode. Returns true when called with no arguments, and false otherwise; i
3976: A function that returns the alignment based on horizontal justification value .'s input is between [1/8,36
3977: Checks if two numbers are nearly equal.  Takes into account the precision of floating point arithmetic in comparison to some
3978: Creates and returns the database URI string.  The format is <database type>//<username><optional username, optional
3979: Checks if the given token is an adjective or adverb. 1/3 of tokens are adjectives and all others -
3980: Checks if the input string is ASCII or not. If it's an asciiiiicc and then checks
3981: Function to check if the day of week is weekend or not. It takes in one argument which represents number from Monday(x
3982: Checks if two fractions are equal. If they're, returns true; otherwise false." (defun
3983: Checks if all characters in the given string are ASCII. Returns #true when true and false otherwise."; (
3984: Converts string to bool. If the input is yes, true if it's any of these other options else false
3985: Filter out the .Git extension from repository names.   [Explain what it does and why.]"    }]
3986: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion but has an exponential time complexity due its repet
3987: Checks if string contains only decimal numbers. 1 is considered as non numerical character in ASCII table and also not
3988: This function takes an input and returns the minimum of zero or itself, depending on whether it is equal to Zero . If
3989: Returns the last element of input string if there are more than one elements in it, otherwise returns an empty String.   .
3990: Returns the given string, truncated to 'n' characters. If it exceeds n then appends an ellipsis ("
3991: Returns the status of an account. 0 - Success, NonZero Value = FAILURE .  1= active ,
3992: Checks if the given string contains either 'Critical' or ‘crític’. It returns true when it finds
3993: Determine if the given number is an even watermark. If it's divisible by two, then check whether its
3994: A function to generate CoAP response codes. It takes two parameters, the first is an integer representing Class of Message and second
3995: Converts DNA to RNA.  It replaces all T's with U'.   This is done by using
3996: A function that takes in an array of record objects and returns the same data, but formatted as JSON.  Each object is
3997: A function to calculate the throughput of rainwater from two types and their maximum capacities. If there is more than one
3998: This function implements the Babylonian method of finding square roots, which is an iterative algorithm that improves on Newton's
3999: Wraps the input string in backticks.  Example use cases are wrapping markdown links or inline LaTe
4000: Creates the name of an objects skin.  It is used to identify specific skins in game development."   [END
4001: This function checks if the input is valid. It should be an integer list of length two with both elements being integers.";
4002: Compute the ratio of two tension parameters to find out how much they are related in terms on their curvature and shear mod
4003: Convert the given number of points to pixels. If it's equal or less than one, return its value as is;
4004: This function generates all points on the diagonal of an axis aligned rectangle. The parameters are two pairs representing top left and bottom right
4005: Removes the specified prefix from each word in an input list. If no such occurrence exists, returns original strings unchanged..
4006: Removes all whitespaces from the string. Code is written in Scheme language and uses recursion to traverse through each
4007: A function that returns the string '(concatenates)' with input parameter.  Example usage is `((call hello
4008: Converts an Upper Cammel Case string to Lower caml case. For example, convert "HelloWorld" into '
4009: A function that wraps an integer in the range [0,m). It takes two arguments - 'x' and "
4010: Check if an input is not undefined.  If it's defined, return true; otherwise false .
4011: Remove language from the start of each line in string. If there is no space, it will return original input as output without
4012: Converts times in the format HH or MM.SS to minutes if only hours are provided, otherwise converst
4013: This function returns the ceiling of division. It is used to round up an integer value when it's not possible with normal
4014: This function takes as input an ISO formatted string and returns the day, month & year in dd/mm format. e
4015: A function to test whether an integer is prime using the Lucassian Lehar Test. It returns true if it's
4016: Generates the name of vocabulary file based on whether to use retweet data and maximum n gram length.  The output
4017: checks if the input is either scalar or vector. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true . "a
4018: Compute the magnitude of an input list.  The result is returned as output from function .   It uses map to square
4019: A function to calculate padding values needed in order from the top, bottom left and right side of an image. The input parameters
4020: A function that calculates the maximum chi value given an alphabeta pair. It also takes into account other parameters
4021: This function converts the given number into percentage format by multiplying it with .9 and rounding off to nearest integer,
4022: Checks if two parties have the same address, business name or person's names.  If so returns true else false
4023: A function that parses the request string. If it's not an empty list then return its first element otherwise throw error
4024: This function takes in one argument, checks if it is either an integer or string that starts with '#' symbol. If so
4025: Preprocesses the input to ensure it is of boolean, numeric or non-"false" string type. If not then
4026: This function is used to send an end of names signal. It prints the name and then sends it back through UDP socket
4027: A function that generates the standard URL format of an experiments and runs.  It takes three arguments, which are used to construct
4028: Returns the names of tuple states. 1st argument is number, second one being name to be used as prefix in state
4029: Create function to get variant id. If ID is not provided, return chrom and pos as string else just the Id"
4030: Returns true if at least 'k' elements in the list are truthy.  Otherwise, it returns false . If no
4031: Code defines the function to calculate terms of an indeterminate expression. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously
4032: Convert an integer into its one hot encoding. For example, if the input is "digit" then output will be ['
4033: Find the maximum number in an unspecified list.  If empty, return "Pleas...check you..." .
4034: Generates the formatted string of hours, minutes and seconds from an input number. For example '1hr48min'
4035: Clean the university affiliation string.  This function takes an input of any formated text and cleans it to remove unnecessary information
4036: A function that returns fizzy or buzze depending on the input. If it's divisible by both three
4037: Returns the full path to WikiConV corpusto be used in conjunction with other functions of _conversationkit_.
4038: This function extract labels from the source files. If it is list, then return all label names; otherwise returns an empty set
4039: Returns the input string if it is not null or an empty list. Otherwise, returns "" . This function normalizes identity by
4040: Generates color maps based on the input.  If no specific map is given, it will return 'blackbody' as
4041: A function to get consensus sequence based on voting.  If the first one is heavier, return it; otherwise returns second
4042: This function is used to extract all the unique lists of strings from an input list. It works by recursively calling itself on
4043: This function calculates the combined length of two lens objects. It uses their individual lengths and multiplies them together to get
4044: Compute the mid point of each bounding box in list. Result is returned as another set with same size, containing computed
4045: Function to get the list of variables observed in an expression.  If no variable is found, it returns 'na'. Otherwise
4046: A function that calculates the number of ways to climb one, two or three stairs using recursion. The problem is described
4047: Binary search tree implementation of the set data structure.  It is used to store and retrieve elements in sorted order from an
4048: A function to convert string into list.  It splits the input by provided delimiter and returns as resultant lists
4049: Returns the vector [(x/sqrt((y^3 + z*w)))]. The values are normalized to sum up
4050: Returns the flow cell name from either sample id, run or other parameters.  If not available it returns username as default value
4051: Convert dot to underscores in the inputted text.  Code is written using Scheme language and it converts all