1: A function that multiplies each element of the vector by an integer.  The result is another Vector where all elements are scaled up or down according to
2: Removes the '*' character from all instances of it in MHC.  This is used to clean up data before running multiple tests on different
3: Checks if all files in the given list are already being used by another file.  If not, it returns #t; otherwise return false or
4: A function that returns the appropriate string based on whether or not it's conditional. If so, return an error message; if falsey then pass
5: Convert an email address to RFC 837x format. This function takes in the original, unescaped version of your eMail Address
6: Returns the highest bit position of an integer. This is equivalent to finding out how many times you can divide by two until there's no remainder left
7: Compute the percentage of identical characters in two sequences, excluding 'N' and '-'.  If one sequence is longer than another by more then
8: Create an API name from the given string. Replaces hyphens with slashes in place." (provide/contract   :arg
9: Convert HMS to degrees using regex and basic arithmetic operations on decimal numbers." ---END OF CODE---\n"    }}}
10: This function takes in an existing record and updates the access status of that entry to embargo.  It then returns updated records with new information .
11: Returns the URL to get photos uploaded by an Facebook User ID and Access Token pair .  The result is in JSON format with fields source(URL
12: A recursive function that reverses the order of characters in each word. It uses string manipulation functions to reverse individual strings and then concatenates them
13: A function that returns the left child of an element in binary tree. The index is zero based, so it will return -inf if there's
14: This function returns the primary transcipt of miRRNAs.  It checks if it is present in mirbase and then return its value,
15: This function takes in coordinates and returns the unique ones. It maps over each coordinate pair, creating new pairs with only one of its elements duplicated to
16: This function calculates the value of an input parameter by adding .3 to it, and returns that result as output from another procedure call in one line
17: Combines all the entries in each annotation list into one.  If there are no more lists to combine, it returns empty array; otherwise continues until
18: A function that calculates the product of two numbers divided by their sum.  It's called "product ratio".  	Input parameters are '
19: Convert an IP address to decimal format. The input is expected in dot notation, and the output will be converted into integer form of that number which can
20: A function that takes two arguments, an integer or list of integers and another number. If the first argument is not given it will return all numbers from
21: This function takes in an input list and returns it as the elements of its own unique, sorted version.  It is named 'choice' because that
22: A function to generate the URL of an experiment's results page on EBI GXA website .  The input is Experiment Accessions and
23: Returns the string value of 'name' in dictionary or empty if not found.  If no such key exists, it returns an emtpy String
24: Flatens the given nested lists into one single level.  It uses recursion to flaten all sublists in order of their nesting levels."
25: Convert string to tex format.  Replace underscores with spaces in the given input text and return it as output .   Example :(
26: A function that returns the value of y. The input is added to one and stored in variable 'x'. Then, it stores result into another var
27: Checks if the given string is of format '[A] [N/S][W/- E]-XXXX' where X are digits.
28: Builds the Canonic Request string to be used in Amazon Web Services XML API requests  .'   '    ''')(,''',,,
29: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list.  If input is not valid, it returns zero by default."   [END]
30: Checks if the value of an existing variable is equal to 'old' and not '#', then returns true, otherwise false.  If no such
31: Determines the type of page based on its contents.  It checks if it contains any defined HTML or RestructureText markup and determines accordingly."
32: Generates report name based on the given parameters.  If both are empty, it returns simulation type only; if one is not blank and other isn
33: This function calculates the number of partners in an array. The input is assumed to be positive integer, and it returns one partner if there's
34: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. Code is written in Scheme language."   [END] ```    `(#\0
35: Returns true if the images should be distorted. If not, returns false; otherwise it will randomly decide whether to apply left/ right flipping or
36: A function to calculate the power of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms on time complexity, O(log n).   .
37: Converts human readable sizes to byte. It uses the SI prefixes B, KB , MB and GB . The conversion is done by div
38: Create database name based on the given parameters. 	Inputs : Prefix, Topology and Cluster Environment . Output is Database Name string	.
39: Checks if the given string is an URL.  It checks whether it ends with '/'. If not, then returns false; otherwise return true or
40: Normalizes the input to either +/- one. If zero, returns 'zero'. Otherwise return positive or negative depending on whether it is greater than/
41: Returns the line width based on input parameters of type string and float, respectively." (code)" }}}}}}" }} . getLineWidth function
42: Returns the URL of an online analysis tool based on input parameters, which can be either 'MC' or one specific machine learning model like rereco
43: Returns the digit at position 'N' in number represented as string.  For example, get\_first\_\(10\) will return \
44: Checks if all elements in the first list are present as key values within another given source.  If not, returns false; otherwise true."
45: Convert the input to an integer. If it's not one of A, G or . then convert as is otherwise leave unchanged." (
46: A function to check if an integer is even. It returns true or false depending on whether the number given as input, when divided by two gives no
47: A function to calculate the value of VS in terms per square meter, given its volume and pressure ratio .   [...]'s" } ,
48: A function that applies rewrites to dates.  It takes two arguments, the list of classes and an optional set/list with rewrite instructions in
49: Checks if the given 'agent' is within or overlapping with another specified interval.  The first argument should be an array of two elements,
50: A function that returns the string with only digit characters. If no digit character is found, it will return an empty list or nil if there are
51: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max number in list using recursion and iteration methods respectively .   [Hint
52: A function that takes an array of URLs and returns the same urls, but with their lengths cut to under or equal    _to_, if
53: Checks if two strings can be connected. 1st string is suffix of the second, and vice versa but not both; also checks whether
54: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
55: Convert list to item.  If the input is not an element of List, return it as Is; if its length equals zero returns #F ;
56: Returns the label of an element in binary trees.  If it is not list, then returns itself as its own 'tag'.   Otherwise return first
57: Convert the day of Pythagorean calendar to SQL date format. The function takes in one parameter, which is an integer representing days from January
58: This function calculates the distance from one line to another. It uses vector operations and halfspaces defined by two points in 3D space,
59: Converts the given number to its corresponding column in an array. If it's negative or zero then returns -(column + 3). Otherwise
60: A recursive function to calculate the Chebychef's constant. The formula is used in numerical analysis and optimization problems, especially when dealing with
61: Checks if the first and last character of input string are alphapetical. If not, returns false else true . It checks all characters
62: A function to calculate the maximum expression level in an arbitrary nested list. It uses recursion and iteration, but only if it is called with pairs of
63: Split the input string into separate tokens based on whitespaces.  The function returns an empty list if there are no nonempty strings in between spaces
64: Converts urwidgets colors to clickable ones. If the input is not string, returns an empty list; otherwise converstion of given
65: A function that calculates the value of polynomial equation. The input is x and returns y = f(x)." .format()
66: A function that generates an HTML list item.  It takes as input the string to be placed in each of its own <LI>< / LI >
67: Calculates the number of beater in an array. If no beaters are found, it returns zero . Otherwise , counts all elements and adds one
68: A function that converts an integer representation of binary number to its decimal equivalent. It uses fold left operation on the list and adds up all elements in
69: Convert epoch timestamp to milliseconds. Code snippet that converts the given time in seconds into its equivalent value expressed as an integer representing number
70: This function takes in an array of cyclic permutations and returns the corresponding line numbers. It uses recursion to find each number's position within
71: Calculates the amount of time it takes to complete an activity based on its difficulty level and personal effort required by users with different skill levels, using their
72: A function to format the name(s)/author/creator. If no input, returns 'anonymus'. if only one element in an
73: Returns the command to add or remove loopbacks.  If in present mode, it returns 'Add' otherwise return Remove'.   .    Code sn
74: A function that compares two floating point numbers with an error margin. If the absolute value of their differences is less than or equal to 'epsilon',
75: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula provided by WHO'S OFFICIAL WEATHER website
76: A function to format time in different units based on the input number of secs, e..g., convert millisecond(ms), second(.sec
77: Generates the full path of file with given extension.  For example, if we have 'myLogFile' as our base name and '.txt
78: Converts the given P value to its significance string representation .   "*" means significant, and so on...' nonsignificant" if
79: Convert display name to class.  e .g., John Doe -> johnDoe"  	; ; end of function definition."
80: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do, returns the interval that does so; otherwise return #f .   Intervals are represented as
81: This function takes in the list of paths to model files and returns their names. It appends "_out" at end, which is common convention used
82: A function to calculate the number of ways one can climb up an N steps staircase by taking either 'n' or/and two stairs at once
83: A function that applies two transformations to the elements of an input list. The first transformation is linear, and then another one adds some constant value 'u
84: Finds all occurrences of the string 'S' in list.  Returns them as another lists."	   . )"    }]
85: A function that searches an item in the list. It returns indices of all occurrences if found, else empty vector . The search is case sensitive
86: A function to determine the type of closing tag based on an opening one.  It checks if there is any syntax or highlight tags in it and returns
87: Creates an instance of the provider class.  The parameters are ID, Name and Tax Rate which will be used to create new instances later on .
88: Returns the maximum of two numbers with given tolerance.  "value" is one number, and	"tolerence", which can be
89: Checks if the Elasticsearch shard operation was successful. Returns true or false based on whether there is at least one successfully completed indexed document
90: A recursive function that generates the booming sequence. It starts from an input number and keeps adding one to it until reaching or surpassing zero
91: Checks if string is only whitespaces. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." (defun checker103697
92: A function to calculate the accuracy of binary classification.  It takes two lists as input, and returns an integer representing how often predictions match actual values in
93: Returns the specified type of constraint on an object in lattices, given its class and position within that structure; returns different types depending upon whether it
94: A function to check if the optimization process should stop based on whether or not an optimal solution has been found. If no such situation is detected, it
95: Code defines an operation that calculates the sum of all elements in list. If it is at first position, then sums up each element with every other
96: A function to calculate the pochamner of an integer. It is used in number theory and combinatorics, where it's needed frequently
97: Returns the protein id from an input string.  Input is expected to be in format of 'ProtID1;AccessionNumber'. The function
98: Check if the given 'num' is within range. If not, it will display error message and exit program execution .   [END] Code sn
99: Recursively concatenates two strings. If one string is empty, it returns the other's content; if both are nonempty and equal in
100: Checks if the sum of two numbers is greater than another number.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    	    Code
101: A function that takes an integer input and returns the next even number. If it's already odd, return one less than its previous value if possible
102: A function to determine if the body of an atom is small or not. The definition depends on whether it's inside, outside and at its edge
103: Computes the maximum sequence length among all sequences in given list of lists. If there are no elements, it returns zero as result because an empty set
104: Checks if point C is on the line passing through points A and B.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   "    ".
105: A function to convert string inputs into boolean values. If the value is 'yes' it returns true, if not then false and otherwise throws an error
106: Generates csv file name from string.  "str" is the input and it appends .CSV to generate output filename."   Code
107: A recursion function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when n = ~= ∞, which returns  ^(
108: This function checks if the user's chosen numeral matches with computer randomly selected one, and gives hints based on whether they are high or lower than
109: Returns the number of items per page. If it's not set, returns  default value which is   .3e4).">Get
110: Convert to instance format.  Inputs are the Hub, Group and Project names respectively."   . "Returns an string that represents these inputs in their
111: Returns the name of temporary vApp.  Code is used to generate temp app names in case we need them later on, as they are not created
112: Function to consult the balance of an account.  If not found, returns #F .   "contase" is hash table and number conte
113: Checks if the given string is either an actual module or submodules of another in Racket language syntax." --->(#t/
114: A function that checks if the input is odd or even. It takes one argument and returns true when it's ODD, false otherwise.";
115: Returns the values of all cells in one specific column from given table.  The input is assumed to be an array where each element represents cell value and
116: Checks if the given input is of type variable. 1/3rds true, others false .   "Variable" in programming terms refers
117: A function that sums the values of all nonnegative numbers in an input list.  The result is returned as one number, which represents summation operation
118: A function that repeats the given string. If number is not positive, it returns false; otherwise return repeated phrases based on inputted numbers of times
119: Filter employees who are older than or equal to age of three and earn morethan thirty thousand. "Filter" is the function that will be used in
120: A function that takes three arguments and returns the first nonempty string it encounters. If all strings are empty, then return an error message or default
121: A function that returns +/-/=+ sign of the input number. If zero, it will return 'zero'. " . $3$"
122: A function that returns an empty grid of given dimensions.  It's essentially creating the initial state or configuration matrix in game theory, where each cell
123: Finds the largest sum of contiuos subarrays in an array. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by keeping track and updating maximum
124: This function takes an integer and extends it to the maximum value of signed int. If input is greater than or equal, then returns same number as output
125: A function to get the different categories of covid data.   [END] . Code:. define (. list '( confi nfied death
126: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation.  The input is two scalars and an output variable, which stores computed value in 'x' .
127: A function that ignores uris in the list of ignored URIs.  It takes two lists as input, one with all URLs to
128: A function that takes four numbers as input and returns their sum. The first two are multiplied by the number 'w', then followed with multiplication of
129: A function to get the list of all unique servers in given dictionary. The input is expected as an argument which contains server details like 'server' and
130: A list of available deep learning models.  Each model is represented as string in the form 'name'. The names are used to identify and load specific
131: A function to calculate the learning rate with time step.  It decreases by factor of 'alpha' at each iteration, until it reaches minimum value as
132: Computes the sum of squares from one to given number. It uses map and lambda functions in combination with range function which generates numbers upto '
133: A function that takes two lists of cities and returns the pairs from one city to another. If there are not enough elements in either input, it will
134: This function takes in the list of bed regions and returns them as string. It is used to convert beds into strings that can be written out or read
135: Predicts the probability of an object being in contact with another when it is at least 'gap' units apart from its own center, given that
136: This function changes the color of output to blue.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that change colors, such as "print".'s
137: Checks if the given list of lists represents an identity matrix. A square, diagonal dominant or anti diagonally dominating is considered as being identical
138: A function that returns the same as its input.  It's just an example of how to create functions in Scheme/Racket programming language
139: Generates safe filename from input string by removing special characters and spaces, then keeping only alphnumeric chunks of the original file name if they
140: Computes the sum of all numbers in [x, y] that are divisible by either three or five. The function is recursive and uses
141: This function takes in the string representation of an id and splits it into its constituent parts. It then returns one part, which is assumed to
142: Calculates the received power from an EIRP and loss.  The formula is derived by adding gain to energy input ratio plus minus subtracting lost
143: Returns the list of carrirs that are currently in use. The result is then used to calculate FFT results and other operations on these cars .
144: Computes the sum of all elements in an associative array. If no such element exists, it returns zero by default; otherwise return its value provided
145: Parses the given text into an array of strings.  The input is assumed to be comma separated string, and each element in output will contain
146: Computes the F score of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero then it returns false else true
147: Finds local maxima in the list of ETAs. Returns them as pairs with their corresponding ETA values if they exist, otherwise returns NULL;
148: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb n stairs. The first two are easy, then each step is either one or twice as hard
149: Removes the "$oid:" prefix from all keys in an object.  This is useful when you're working with MongoDB and want
150: Computes the least squares solution of an algebraic equation using PADe approximation. The parameters are as follows - L, alpha and beta coefficients; K
151: Checks if the given string is in any order.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . "Checking" whether or
152: Convert sequence to string representation.  If the input is list, convert each element of that array/sequence into its corresponding value in terms as strings;
153: A function that performs division. If the second argument is not equal to Zero, it returns Division of first and Second Argument else throws an error
154: This function finds the odd product pairs in an inputted array. It returns all such pair of indices where each index is less than half its corresponding value
155: Checks if the given number is within range.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Range includes both end points of
156: A function that divides two numbers. If the second number is 0, it throws an error message stating 'Division by Zero'. Otherwise
157: Removes special characters from string. Only keeps alphanumerics, whitespaces and punctuations in the output strings; upper case letters are kept
158: A function that recursively retrieves values from nested dictionary. It takes two arguments, the main dict and an ordered list of keys to traverse through
159: A function that simulates the behavior of mock server. It takes two parameters, one is to be checked and another parameter will determine whether it'll
160: Checks if one set is the subset of another.  If it's not empty, checks whether all elements in 'value', are present as
161: A function that divides the string into equal parts. If division is not possible, it returns only one part with full content of original text in list
162: A function that sums all elements in the list without duplicating.  It uses apply to sum up each element of inputted array, and then removes
163: Returns the color associated with given numerical value of 'score'. If less than six, returns critical; if between three and eight - orange ; etc."
164: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'a' and	'b', returns the product of these values, which is also
165: This function takes in two or more numbers and returns their signs. If all of them were negatives, it throws an error message stating that they must
166: Returns the verb to describe workflow's current state. 1st parameter is either completed or error, returns whether it has/was in progress etc
167: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'v' and the reciprocal of another number, returns their product as output
168: Removes the 'User' key from dictionary.  Returns modified dict."	   . )">/home/.emacs",(lambda ()
169: A function that multiplies two lists of numbers. The first element is the product, and then adds up to get another number in each list's
170: A function to describe the current level of water vapour in an air sample. The levels are described as 'OK', if it's between
171: A function to convert string flags into boolean values.  It supports case insensitive comparison of strings with the keywords yes, true and false as well."
172: A function that replaces all occurrences of the given 'search' value with another in any type.  It checks if input parameters are strings
173: Checks if the class of an object is either Property or Gene and its length should not exceed certain limit. If yes, then it returns true else
174: Convert string to enumeration. If the input is not valid, return 'None'.  Otherwise returns corresponding Enum Value or Default if no match found
175: Convert DBW to Watters. A function that conversts the given value of Db in watter per hour into wattage .'
176: Flatens the list of lists. 	Inputs : List, Output -> flatened nested/one dimensional array .   Example [1,[
177: This function takes in an input of type STRING and returns the same output with all spaces removed, followed by hyphens.  It is used to
178: A function that returns the highest value in an array of numbers, excluding certain specified elements. The fold operation is used to iteratively apply updates on
179: This function takes in two arguments, the matrix and an index of column to be extracted. It returns all elements from that specific row as list .
180: A function that removes all digits from the input string.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists and strings, filtering out non numerics characters
181: Computes the mobility of an atom in terms its position and momentum, given by γ = p/ε where epsilon is assumed to be one
182: A function that picks the first item in list which is suffixed with given string. If no such element exists, it returns false .'s"
183: A function that converts strings to numbers. It takes in one string, and if the first character is ' then it removes quotes from around inputted
184: Split an integer into its digits. Returns two values, the quotinent and modulus of division by ten respectively . e..g split(
185: Normalizes the path to string.  If input is not already in form of Path, it converts into one .   [...]    "Normal
186: Calculates the standard deviation of two numbers. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents how much one number deviated from another in
187: Split the third element of each string in input list. The result is converted to number type and returned." (code/text . split
188: This function takes an string as its argument and if the length of that given String is one, it appends 'o' at beginning to make sure
189: Get the User Agent from HTTP Request Header.  Returns an empty string if no such header exists in given meta data."  	Keyword(
190: Get sumstat file path based on the provided parameters – either GRCH or CHRM, and whether it's male of female data to
191: Checks if the first element of two lists are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise continues checking with remaining elements in both
192: A function that merges two strings. If the third argument is true, it will concatenates them otherwise they are merged as one string without any separ
193: Checks if point is inside rectangle. 1st dimension of the box should be less than or equal to x, and y coordinate also within range
194: A function that collects all upper case letters from the input string. It uses recursion to traverse through each character in order and checks if it
195: A function to format the range of years between two given numbers. If one or both are negative, it returns '???' and if they're
196: Calculates accuracy of prediction.  It compares two lists and counts how many elements are equal in both sequences, then divides by total number to
197: A function to calculate the distance between two points in an ordered space, taking into account wrapping around at boundaries of order numbers . e g t ord
198: This function takes in an array of boolean values and returns the corresponding state names. If true, it will return "STATE ENABLLED", if
199: Generates dequanted variable name. 	Inputs : Variable Name, Output - Dequantised/Deobfuscated version
200: A function that divides two numbers and returns the result if they are not equal to zero or equals with precision of .1 in any case, otherwise
201: A function to chunk an Array into smaller Arrays of given Size. If the input is null, it returns empty list; if its length less than
202: Sorts the names in an array of fully qualified domain name.  It uses string splitting and comparison to sort them based on their subdomains,
203: Check if the given string is an URL. 1/0 -> boolean value indicating whether or not it's valid as per http protocol,
204: Defines the list of column names used in data processing and manipulation tasks, depending on whether or not to include additional information about each record's
205: Decodes the condition of an encoded string. If no match is found, returns zero by default .   Code snippet : decodeConditions
206: A function to calculate the number of trials needed in an experiment. The input is time bin and total trial count, it returns half times that as output
207: A function that returns the subscription group of an id.  The format is 'Subscriber Group : Publisher ID'.   .'s Sub
208: A function that takes an integer and list, returns the first N elements of inputted List. If given negative or zero number it will return empty set
209: A function to generate slugs from names.  It converts spaces in the string into underscores and makes it lower case before conversion, then
210: A function that implements the rectified linear unit activation. It returns max(x, o)."
211: A function to sanatise string by replacing non alphanumeric characters with underscore. If the input is not of type 'String' it
212: Converts time in Second to UM Time. For example, if input is '31' then output will show the number and unit(
213: A function to calculate the derivative of sigmoide activation in neural network" .' | tr -d '\r') )); then echo $line
214: This function converts the brightness percentage to its equivalent value in grayscale scale, which is used by some image processing algorithms like thresholding and edge
215: Checks if the input is an empty String.  If it's not, returns #true; otherwise return false or throws exception .   "
216: This function calculates the variance of noise in dB. It takes two arguments, signal to noiseless power and equal error rate per bit eve
217: Generates connection string based on the type of dbms being used. It supports sql, postgres and mysql databases . The function takes in four parameters -
218: A function to calculate the number of people in an "old" group based on their ages. The first person is considered as being at zero years old
219: Flatens the inputted lists. If an empty sublist is encountered, it returns nothing instead of throwing error or exception in case if there are nested
220: Checks if the given file name ends with ".cmz" or not.  Returns true/false accordingly.";	End of Code Block --
221: Checks if the provided argument is of type 'ResourceNouns' or not. If it isn’t, then throws an error message stating
222: A function to get the abbreviation of course type. (code): )} .   }}}}}} }} ... etc...]]]])
223: This function scales the input number between two given ranges.  It does so by adding or subtracting to/from an offset value, depending on whether
224: Computes the derivative of function f(y,z), where z is constant.  The result will be in terms that are conveniently expressed as
225: Convert the given input to an ordered list of ASCII values.  The function takes in one argument, which is supposedly some kind or textual
226: Computes the Intersecting Over Union of two boxes. The intersection is computed by finding common points between both boundings rectangles, and then their
227: This function returns the total number of data points in each dataset. The two datasets are related to 'Ro' and '. Md'. It is used
228: Computes the number of fans in an array.  If it's not possible to compute fan count from given dimensions then returns -987
229: Returns the shape of an object from its name. If no such thing exists, it returns #F . The function is used to get shapes by their
230: Convert the given amount of real world seconds to steps, assuming that one second is equal as many microseconds in our system's clock)."
231: A function that translates the coordinates of an array. It takes into account if it is to translate up or down in time, and whether there are
232: Calculates the flux magnitude ratio between two magnitudes in MHz/MHz, given as input parameters to function "(code)" .  	Flux
233: A function that pads the left side of string with zeroes. If input is less than or equal to 3, it will return as original and
234: Updates the given 'checklists' based on whether they contain adults, children or non citizens. If none of these are present it append new items
235: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'N' equals zero, in which it returns one and
236: This function calculates the step size to be used in numerical integration. It takes into account both local and global errors, as well maximum derivative of fourth
237: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from 'lower' upto and including, but not exceeding ,upper. If "up
238: Checks if two rectangles collided.  If they did, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on the assumption that both input
239: Finds the shared neuron id'd in two lists.  The function takes as input both neural network structures and returns their common nodes/ids
240: Calculates the volume of sphere with radius 'r'. The formula used is V = ∫(π*dV/dr)* from -inf
241: A function that increments the input number by one. It's just an example of how to define and use functions in Scheme programming language."
242: Extracting passports from the given list of strings. Each string represents one or more consecutive nonempty sequences separated by '\n'. The function returns all
243: Converts hour and minute to decimal format time in days, given as input parameters" . "\n") ;; end of function definition   "
244: Generates all possible subsets of the given list. The number parameter determines how many elements are in each subset, and it defaults to one if not provided
245: A function to convert date and time into ISO 861 format. It takes in one argument, the datetime object or string that needs conversion .
246: Validates the given AIX account Beacons Configuration – checks if it is valid and contains required fields .   ->(aix\_be
247: Adds an article to the beginning of names that start with vowels. If not, it adds 'n' at end if they don’t
248: Returns the sign of 'data'. If it'is positive, returns +. Otherwise - .   "(defun sgnsignal ...
249: A function to compute the two's complement of an integer. It takes as input, in binary form and returns its one’ s complements value
250: This function retrieves the first value from an input dictionary. If it's empty, then throws error message otherwise returns that single valued result .
251: A function that returns the reverse of an array. It takes two parameters, 'length' and "the number" to be reversed in it."
252: Generates the getCommandHelpMessage function.  It returns string with information about how to use given commands in terminal .
253: This function takes two lists of nodes and returns three different subsets based on the relationship between them. It uses lambda functions to filter out certain elements from
254: Add the same number to each element of vector.  Returns new list with elements increased by given scaler value .   "Adding" is done
255: Returns an appropriate message type based on whether or not it is legacy. If true, returns SBP_. Otherwise throws error with given name as parameter."
256: Checks if number is prime. If not, returns false and checks the rest of list to see whether it's divisible by any other numbers
257: Calculates the difference between two pins, taking into account their relative position and speed. The result is an estimate of how far apart they are in terms
258: A function that maps temperatures to colors. Temperatures over the blue zone are mapped as 'Blue White'. The rest of them get classified into different
259: Convert Python data type to equivalent pandastype.  For example, convert integer into int and string or boolean types respectively .  1/3 of
260: Checks if two strings are equal case insensitive.  It converts both the input to lower cases before comparing them, thus ignoring any differences
261: A function that returns the string representation of an integer.  The result is enclosed in curly braces and comma separated by commas, e
262: Strips the word 'PID' from any part of inputted text.  If it is found in that section, replaces with nothing
263: Create an experiment description.  Args are the parameters of your function, which can be used to create more detailed descriptions later on .  	Example
264: A function to generate segment ids from the given list of input. The output is an ordered sequence where each element corresponds with one or more consecutive sequences
265: Converts an integer to IPv v.x format .(octets)." }}}}}}'s IP address into string representation in the form
266: A function to format an email or postal addresses.  The input is two strings, the first being name and second one as street/house number
267: "Defines and exports the 'sum' operation"  .   [END SUMMARY]    Code:[BEGIN CODE ]     def computeSum
268: A function to decode an integer value encoded in base three. It uses recursion and modulus operation until the number of variables is zero, then
269: Create an unique identifier from the given tag and its corresponding release.  For example, "mylib-" would be used as part of my library'
270: A function that takes two arguments, tests if the first argument is true and returns its second one otherwise.  It's like an "else"
271: Subtracts two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector .   "v1" and "./vector subtraction/" } , {
272: A function that joins the elements of an input list into one string with multiplication symbols between each term.  For example, if you call jointerm
273: A function that takes in physics skim data and returns it as string. It is used to convert the list of strings into one long, comma separated
274: Extracts the name from given list of hashes. If no such tag exists, returns false or an empty string respectively."  }}}}}}
275: Validates if an id is provided or infers one.  If not, throws error message stating that no dataaset Id was found in either of
276: Convert memory size from Bytes to Megabyte. Code snippet that converts the given number of bits into megabits.";
277: A recursive function that calculates the sum of numbers from 'n' down to zero. The values are given by parameters "a", and each
278: A function to generate the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers upto given limit. The sequence starts with two consecutive odd integers, and
279: A function that moves in the specified directions. It takes four arguments - an initial position, and two numbers representing movement amounts along each axis of either N
280: A function to get the drink by profession.  It takes in one parameter which is supposedly being used as input and returns its corresponding beer name from
281: A function that removes the specified 'prefix' from end of given input. If it is not present, returns original value as prefix was removed already at
282: Checks if two strings are alphaneumerics. If the last character of one string is numerically or alpha, it checks whether both end
283: Creates an ordered list of the first n elements from each size in input.  The result is sorted by increasing order and then reduced to unique values
284: Returns the middle index of an array or list. If there is even number, it returns two numbers and one will be higher than other to cover all
285: A function to generate ordinals from numbers. It takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding string representation of that number in terms with respect its position
286: A function to create an empty matrix of given dimensions. It uses recursion and makes use the makeList procedure from Scheme's built in functions
287: Recursively calculates greatest common divisor using Euclidean algorithm with given parameters in list format [signA] ,[SignB].   ;
288: Checks if the given version number is of type module. 1/0 -> boolean value indicating whether it's modular or not, true
289: Convert RGB to the ITU Rec.709 color space using standard conversion factors and rounding off values upwards by floor function in one line
290: A function that reverses the order of elements in list. It takes one argument, which is to be processed by it as if being an input/
291: A program that prints out verses from 'bottle' number upwards. If there are none left then print an appropriate message about ending condition
292: Returns the first nonempty list in its argument. If all lists are empty, returns an error message "Error".  Code is used to return only
293: A function that calculates the probability of running exactly once in 'n' runs. If there are no more than zero remaining, it returns one as
294: Computes the intersection over union of two boxes. The input is four numbers each representing one corner's coordinate in clockwise order, ie.,
295: Parses the con da package name.  It takes in an input string and returns either two elements list or one element if it is not valid
296: Calculates the score of an effector function kit based on its parameters and returns it as output in percentages or kilobases per million base pairs
297: Checks if the input language is one of English, French , Hindi or Spanish. If not it returns false else true .  It's
298: Parses string as boolean. If the input is either empty, false or no other value then it returns true otherwise return False .  It'
299: Get email address from the given dictionary. If not found, return an empty string."  [END]  ```    """ )" } ]],
300: A recursive function to solve the knapSACK problem. It takes as input an integer 'capacity' and two lists of integers, one
301: This function returns None if the input is an empty list, or just displays it. If not then return original value of argument passed to that method."
302: Converts MIDI note number to chromatic scale. The result is the closest chord in which all notes are included, and it'
303: Returns the last bit of an URL.  For example, if input is 'http://example/path', it will return '/'. If no sl
304: Calculates the derivative of control parameter drho with respect to time t, given parameters alpha and speed; returns value in seconds^(-6).
305: A function to check if number is prime. It uses recursion and the modulus operator in order not only checks divisor but also whether it'
306: A function that calculates the square of each element in an input list and then sums them up.  It is used to calculate length or magnitude/
307: A recursive function that generates the first n elements of an infinite list. The input is two parameters, 'parent' and "num", which are
308: A function that encases the input string with two markers.  It is used to wrap text around other texts in various ways, such as creating
309: Checks if two lists are equal in dictionary order. If the elements of both list match, it returns true; otherwise false is returned."  [
310: A function to calculate the time constant of an exponentially weighted moving average filter with given parameters."; (comment "Author : [Your Name]
311: A function that changes the unit of all parameters in an input dictionary.  The new units are determined by multiplying each value with 'multiplier
312: Checks if the number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet : check
313: Create cache control header string.  Max age is in seconds and returns the appropriate caching directives as per RFC7463 specification .
314: Checks if an element is tagged.  Returns true or false depending on the tagging status of that particular object." (provide/
315: A function that takes an ASCII string and returns the sum of its characters' integer values. The result is used as part key in hash table operations
316: This function converts grid indices to matrix index. It takes four arguments, the current row and column in an array of arrays as well its maximum number
317: checks if the input has all necessary fields. If it doesn't, displays an error message and returns false; otherwise return true .   Code length
318: Calculates the percentage error between two arrays of numbers, taking into account their absolute difference and dividing by an initial value to get percentages instead."
319: A function that turns the input string into an underscored version of itself. It does so by creating and applying multiple transformations to each character in order
320: This function splits the given string into an array of strings.  It is used to get all nominal attributes from data set .
321: Checks if the year increment of two steps are equal. If yes, returns #true; otherwise return false or nothing depending on whether they're
322: Reads requirements from the file specified by "./src/main" in .NET Core project format and returns them as list of strings or empty if
323: Checks if the input string is in date format. The expected pattern of dates are dd/mmmdd, where m mm stands as month
324: A function that splits the input string into tokens.  It is used to break up textual data in tweets and return them as individual elements
325: Generates the name of an invoked procedure or method.  The result is in format "functionName - lineNumber". For example, if you
326: This function calculates the average of x and y coordinates in given list. If there are no points, it returns current position as is; otherwise comput
327: Checks if the given string is in cell performance format. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:.
328: Count the number of ones in binary representation. Code is to count how many bits are set as 'one' when converting an integer into its equivalent bit
329: A function to set the default rating of contacts. If no specific value is provided, it will return an appropriate one based on 'type' id passed
330: Decide whether to accept or reject the decision made by naming convention. If 'x' is less than threshold, return zero; otherwise one."
331: Checks if the given environment variables is valid.  If it's not in list of allowed, then return false else true .   "allowed
332: This function adds one column to the given matrix. It creates an empty list of zeros and appends it at end, resulting in increased size by
333: Removes the class attribute from dictionary.  This is useful when you want to remove it during serialization/deserialisation process of an object in
334: Counts the number of times given 'letters' appear in one character. The function takes two parameters, "word" and an optional parameter called
335: A function to generate an STS URL based on the bucket and key name of AWS' Amazon Simple Storage Service object stored in it .  "."
336: A function that converts binary string to decimal. It replaces all 'x' characters with zeros and then convert the resultant number into its
337: Converts the number of days since epoch to Julian day numbers, given in decimal form as input and returns it with an extra precision up till
338: Calculates the knuddle length. If not zero, returns it; otherwise throws an error message stating that 'dp' is required to calculate K
339: A function that calculates the value of an indexed term in terms φ^α. The base is defined as α, and it
340: Finds all the matching elements in an array of strings.  The function takes two parameters, one is list and another parameter which represents times to find
341: Extract the name of an assembly language instruction from its string representation.  If no such thing exists, return #f . This function is used to
342: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates over time. It starts with an exponential decay, then gradually reduces to linear after certain points
343: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where '==' is used
344: A function that reformats the given list of four numbers into two lists. The first and second elements are used to define an extent in 3D
345: A function that converts the given operation to its equivalent in List format.  If no such conversion exists, it returns an empty string or nil depending
346: This function pads an integer with zeros to reach the specified limit. If it is less than or equal, then return as string else convert into number
347: Parses the string by lines. If there is no such "lines" in it, returns an empty list or nil if not found; otherwise
348: A function that subtacts two vectors.  It takes in the coordinates of any size vector and returns another one with each coordinate being equal to its
349: Check if the given list of preference items has any duplicates.  If so, return true; otherwise false .   Code is used to check whether
350: Convert field names to title case with underscores replaced by spaces, and convert the first character of each word in upper cases except those that are all
351: Convert device categories to string. If the input is less than or equal zero, return 'Unknown'. Otherwise convert it into its corresponding textual representation if
352: Translate the origin of coordinates to be at 0, then perform translation along x and y axes. The z axis remains unaffected."
353: This function unsets the specified 'bb' position in binary representation of an integer. It does so by performing AND operation with complementary mask and shifting
354: A function to calculate the size of signed varints. The number is determined by how many bytes are needed depending on its sign and magnitude, upto
355: This function recaliabres the last number by adding or subtracting certain values based on its remainder when divided into six. It is used to adjust
356: Removes leading whitespace from the string. If no characters left, returns 'none'. Otherwise return remaining part of input." Code sn
357: A function that takes two arguments, an integer and the length of string to be returned. If input is longer than specified then it returns sub part else
358: Convert the slashes in given string to dots. For example, pythonify("/home/user") will return ".homes..userr". This
359: Returns the learning rate decay factor at given number of training episodes."; (provide/contract get__learning___rate____ec
360: A function to get the seat id from its position in binary. The first eight characters represent rows, and each of these are followed by columns within those
361: Checks if the round number is AESTable'd. If it isn’ t, then returns true; otherwise false .
362: Looks up the field in one row of data. If not found, returns nil; otherwise return value from that cell."   }]], "
363: A function that calculates the growth rate of an organism at each stage. It starts with one unit and increases by two units per subsequent stages."
364: A function to calculate the sum of all numbers from N downwards. For example, if we call `(SumOfN  3 )` it
365: Computes the size of list.  It's an implementation to get length or count elements in pythonic way .   "(defun s
366: A function to calculate the Manhatten distance between two points.  The input is expected as pairs of coordinates in Cartesian space, and returns an
367: This function calculates the power output of an AC motor based on its input Voltage, if it is greater than or equal to .6V then
368: A function that adds up all the elements in an input list. If empty, it returns ‘zero’ . Otherwise ,it recursively calls itself
369: Checks if the number of command line argument is within range. If not, it prints an error message and returns false; otherwise return true."
370: A recursive function that finds the intersection of two lists. It uses member to check if an element is in both inputted sets, and cons it
371: Checks if two elements are equal in the list. If they're not, it will return false and otherwise true based on whether or no there
372: This function takes in two parameters, the first being an integer or binary number represented as strings and second is position of bit to be unsettled.
373: A function that takes three movies as input and returns them in the order they were given.  It'll be used to create an ordered list of
374: A function to calculate precision. If the denominator is zero, it returns one as there's no division by zeros in mathematics . Otherwise ,
375: Convert an etree element to string.  If the given argument is not valid, return false; otherwise returns its text content as String .   "
376: Generates the library file path.  Name is appended with -library to form full filename and returns it as string type data .'s"
377: This function takes an input string and replacess all underscores or hyphens with spaces. It also removes leading/trailing whitespace from
378: Returns the abbreviated path of an original repository. If it's too long, returns '...'. Otherwise just return full paths as is .
379: A function to calculate the Hoffmann index.  The input parameters are two numbers, and it returns their sum divided by absolute difference of these inputs
380: This function checks if the sum of all elements in an array is even or odd. If it's zero, then returns "Even". Otherwise return
381: This function returns the number of pixels in each row or column.  It takes into account if there are more than one blocks and how many to return
382: This function takes as input an adjacency list representation of the directed acyclic weighted digraph and returns its reverse.  It does so by
383: This function takes in list of place objects and returns the same object with each element transformed into its corresponding google map representation. It uses lambda functions to
384: A function that takes three numbers as input and returns their inversion.  For example, if the inputs are [1 -4  7], it
385: Checks if the given filename ends with _volumetric or .surf. If it does, returns true; otherwise false and throws an
386: Returns the elements of 'global' that are not in our current state.  This is useful to determine what changes we need make on other machines,
387: Converts Mels to Hertz using the formula given in Mel scale musical theory, where each note is represented by its frequency relative from C
388: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.  	Inputs : c -> the value in degrees of
389: A function that calculates the diameter of an ellipse. It takes two parameters, one is Diameter and other parameter Weightage which determines how
390: A function that returns the hash of all sides. It takes one argument, which is to be hashed with each side being its own unique key and
391: Counts the number of times an element appears in list. It'll be used to check if all elements are present or not, and also counts
392: A function that returns the unique elements in list.  It uses recursion to check if an element is already present or not, and only adds it
393: Computes the cosine of φ, where phi is defined as sqrt(dx^{1}*dy_{0}/R
394: Convert seconds to hours, minutes and secs. For example convertTime(7894), returns :'[hours:]minutes:[seconds
395: A function to calculate the distribution of an object in terms on two variables. The parameters are 'y' and another variable named as "x". It
396: Checks if the given URI is secure. If it's HTTS or HTTP, then returns true; otherwise false .   Code snippet
397: A function that finds and returns the first matching VHost in list of given Names. If no match is found, it will return an empty List .
398: A function that squares each number in the list.  It uses recursion to do so, and it does not use any builtin map or filter
399: Flatens the list of lists. If an element is not in form, it will be converted to one level deep nested structure by itself and appended
400: Convert the input to either an integer if possible, otherwise return it as is. If not convertible into int then raise error with message provided in argument
401: A function that takes an index and another list, returns the elements at specified indices from inputted lists. It uses recursion to unzips nested
402: Computes the binary scores from counts of true positives, false negatives and total positive cases respectively in an attempt to maximize precision at zero cost or
403: A function to remove elements from the dictionary based on subkeys.  The input is an indicator list and another one with all possible values of those indicated
404: Generates coverage command with check contents.  It takes the original build commands and adds 'checksum' to them, then appends --output
405: A function to shift the bits of an integer value. It takes two arguments, 'val' and "n", where it divides by power(
406: Converts quat to rotation matrix representation of the form [[a b c] ...]. The order is row by column, ie., first
407: Compare two paths and return true if they are the same, false otherwise. If one path is not prefix of another then it returns #false; else
408: Checks if the string is balanced. It uses recursion to check each type of bracket in order, and removes them from our current "context
409: Returns the unique elements of list.  Code is used to remove duplicated from given input" . "List."   ) ;; end define function
410: This function calculates the error between two points. It takes as input 3 parameters - 'p' and its closest neighbor, which are compared to
411: A recursive function to reverse the digits of an integer. The input is reversed in place, ie., no new list or array are
412: A function to convert names from snake case formatting into crates.  It removes illegal characters and replaces them with underscores, then
413: A function that returns the maximum of three numbers.  If two values are equal, it will return one value only if they're not in desc
414: Returns the id of tile from given URL.  For example, if you have an image with ID "10" in your website then it will
415: A function to reverse the string. It uses recursion and list manipulation techniques in order not only reverses but also keeps track of index position while
416: A function that takes in an input of type String and returns the same as its argument but with all characters capitalized. If it is only one character
417: Finds the first occurrence of character in string. If not found, returns '-1'. Else return index position from where it starts searching."
418: Converts Farenheight to Celcuis. Code snippet that conversts temperature from farnhreight scale into cel
419: Checks if the given filename is one of our whiteliisted files in .TSV format – _marker_*.* -> true,
420: Convert string to MAC address. The input is the HEXadecimal representation of an Ethernet Address, and it returns its corresponding MacAddress in String
421: This function validates the format of an MSISDN number. It checks if it is in international or national form and converts them into local
422: A function that converts the input string to uppercase or lower case. If it is not one character long, an error will be thrown with message
423: Checks if the string contains either '{' or '%' in it.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."   .    Code is
424: Flatens the list of lists. It uses recursion to flaten nested structures."   . "A function that flattends inputted linkedlists
425: A function that returns the number of times 'value' appears in one roll. If no such occurrence is found, it will return zero."} {
426: A function that calculates the third root of an input number, rounded to one decimal place."   [END] Code snippet with
427: A function that returns the result of adding an integer to another, with wrapping around at 'limit'.  For example periodic(3 ,10
428: A linear search function. It returns the index of first occurrence if found, else it will return false in case element is not present or list has no
429: Builds an object reference list.  The output is in string format with each element separated by space or newline character depending on the platform it'
430: Computes the square of summation from start to end. For example, if we have [0..9] then it will return squares and sums
431: A function that adds comments to the beginning and end of any string.  It is used in HTML or XML documents where you want your source codes visible
432: Checks if the file is specific to Python.  ##pythononly## .py files only, no other types of extensions are allowed in these
433: Returns 'YES' if the input is true, else returns ‘NO’. If it receives an argument that isn\'s one of these
434: This function calculates the size of an image that is at least as big and maintains its aspect ratio. It takes three parameters - initial dimensions, which
435: A function that multiplies two numbers. It uses the constant number 'num' to multiply both inputs together, which is equivalent of using multiplication by
436: Convert the first and last character of string to lowercase if they are upper case. If there is semicolon at end, remove it from result
437: A function that takes three arguments, mixes two numbers together with an additional factor. The result is the sum of both products multiplied by 'a
438: Computes the similarity between two fragments of labels. If they are not equal, it returns zero; if one is null and other isn't then
439: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two sorted lists of numbers, taking into account missing values and normalizing by their respective scales before computing
440: A function that applies the given 'callables' to each item in an array.  It is similar functionality as Python’s map() method,
441: A function that calculates the probability of an event. If 'test' is true, it returns half its original value; otherwise -half and then
442: Finds the index of channels to be excluded from processing.  The function takes in two parameters, an array containing names and returns indices that should not
443: Returns the position of left child in binary tree. The input is parent node's index and returns its corresponding rightmost leaf’index”."
444: Prepare line of text to be used in the report.  The output is formatted as 'cost unit' . e..g, $10
445: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisible by four, then either leaves out one step
446: Converts the given string to UTF 36. If not possible, it will return an error message stating that conversion is impossible or failed
447: Checks if the character at position 'i' in string is an escape sequence. If it isn’ t, then returns true; otherwise false."
448: A function to find the largest factor of an integer. It uses recursion and iterative methods together in order not only finding out if there is any
449: Trims leading and trailling zeros from the string. If there are no characters left after trimming, it returns an empty String; if only
450: A function that calculates the least common element in two binary strings. If both elements are equal, it returns ''. Otherwise if only first or second
451: Check if the given 'val' is in list of possible values. If yes, return it; otherwise throw an error with message and details about invalid
452: Check if the server needs to send back an HTTP response with 'Cat' in its body. If it does, then return true; otherwise false is
453: This function returns the largest of two numbers.  It uses an if statement to compare and return either one or both values based on which is larger,
454: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on time. The coefficients are given as parameters to be used in calculation, and it uses ex
455: Finds the absolute minimum in an array. If there are multiple elements with same smallest value, returns index of first one found and its corresponding element'
456: This function takes in an n*n square 3D array and rotates it clockwise by one layer. It does so using the reverse technique
457: Inserts an element at the specified position in array. If length of list is even, it inserts into center otherwise to right side . The time
458: A function that returns one if the input is greater than zero, otherwise it will return zeros. This can be used to create unit step functions in
459: Returns true if the given 'geom' is within specified distance of any feature in STGeogCS ('epsg=10897')
460: Blends two sets of data using the union operation, where each set is represented as an array and 'r' represents how much to blend between them
461: Checks if the component is less than or equal to threshold value of reference time period, multiplied by factor .9 in relation with refrence Time
462: A function that returns true if and only when two inputs are both boolean values. If either input is not Boolean, it throws an error message stating the
463: Checks if the given row and column are within board's dimensions.   "r" is number of rows,	"c":number columns .
464: Convert seconds to user friendly time format. e,g., convert from second(13789), minute(-> ~minutes()), hour
465: A function to concatenates multiple lines of text with the specified character. It splits each line into individual characters, then joins them back together using provided
466: This function takes in three lists of image data and returns two combined list. The first one is the combination with all sides centered, while second includes both
467: This function calculates the step size based on how many times it has been called, with different stepsizes starting from .9 and then to be more
468: Bisec left function. Returns the index of first element in list that is not less than or equal to given value, if it exists; otherwise
469: Returns the URL to get details about specific GPU model in Google Cloud Platform." 			.   .    "(list 'GPU' type)"
470: This function calculates the output size of convolution operation. It takes input and kernel sizes, as well padding parameters to calculate effective dimensions after applying convol
471: Convert strings into numbers. If the input is already numeric, return it as an integer or float; otherwise raise error if not possible convertible from
472: Checks if all the limits of each individual part are respected.  If not, returns false; otherwise true .   It checks that every element in
473: A function to create an acquisition time list.  It takes in six parameters and returns the acquired information as one line of text, which is then printed
474: Parses the graduation dates in format MM/YY.  Returns full name of given day and corresponding to that specific time period, e
475: Convert centimeters to nanometres using the formula of cdm = ±(μ * d^n / l). where μ is micro
476: Calculates the false positive rate of an algorithm. Inputs are true negatives and falsely positives, respectively."   [END]
477: Checks if the image ratio exceeds that of its display area on monitors; returns #t when it does and false otherwise . If true then crops either
478: Scales the vector by given factor and offset. If no scale is provided, it leaves original values unchanged." (code):= "Scal
479: Replace characters in string. If position is valid, replace the character at that index with another one and return new modified version of original strings; otherwise
480: A function that takes two lists of bits and returns their XOR operation.  The result is another list with the same length as input, where each
481: This function calculates the slope of each frame in an array. The first value is subtracted from every subsequent one to get its change over time,
482: Generates the full ARM id of an existing public IP address in Azure using its unique identifier and location information – used to create or update resources
483: A function to get the terms of certain type from lines in an input list. It checks if each line starts with given prefix and returns all those as
484: A function to convert RGB color values into hexadecimal. The input is an integer list representing the red, green and blue components of each channel
485: Checks if two intervals overlap.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on the definition of overlapping in interval
486: Removes common English language word that are not useful in the context of text analysis.  It is used to remove unnecessary or irrelevant information from our
487: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'True', it returns true, if not then false . It also handles case insensitive comparison of
488: Calculates the average length of all word in given sentences. 	Inputs : A Sentence, Output -> The Avrage Length Of
489: Computes the value of ptilde. The function takes two parameters, 'D' and its derivative with respect to time tau; computs an
490: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from one upto 'n'. It uses "(if" condition and is based on triangle
491: Computes the square of sums from one to given number. It uses recursion and iteration techniques in order compute it efficiently without using any builtin functions
492: Returns the permission string of given open stack user or returns #F if no such roles exists .  This function is used to get permissions based on users
493: Removes grid cells from the configuration list. If cell is in "skip" then it's not removed, otherwise removes all occurrences of
494: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an individual's racial group and second one represents their preferred genders. It then returns them
495: Generates an adaptable name based on the given parameters. The function takes in three arguments - 'vm' set, and two indices to generate unique
496: Computes the optimal number of items to distribute among different group members.  It takes into account that each member should get an equal share and any remainder
497: This function returns the value of cards in blackjack. It takes as input one character string representing either an integer or face car, and outputs its numerical
498: A function that quotes SQL values. It can handle strings, symbols and numbers but not lists or nulls as they are special cases in the standard library
499: A function to calculate the number of ways in which you can get from point(x, y). The algorithm uses recursion and memoization.
500: Checks if the given file path is valid. It returns true only when it's not an empty string and does have at least one character before
501: Counts the number of pieces in play.  The function takes two arguments, 'board' and "the current turn". It returns how many players
502: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
503: A function that returns the content type name based on its position in list. It takes an integer as input and outputs string of either 'post', or
504: Removes the specified 'pre' from all strings in list.  If not found, returns original input as it is .   Code length :1
505: A function that returns the sign of an input number. It takes one argument and determines whether it is less than, equal to or greater tha n
506: Checks if the given game board is won. If all cells in any of its columns, or lines are filled with 'X's then it
507: Checks if the given object is not null. Returns true or false accordingly, and also returns an error message in case of failure to check whether it
508: Translate tag to number. If the input is positive, return 'true'. Otherwise if it's negative or not recognized as any of above two
509: Reads all the content of multiple files.  Returns list with contents from each inputted .txt or other text format." (code)_
510: Generates the bucket suffix based on file location.  It determines whether it'll be an archive or firefox version of Firefox, l abs etc
511: A function that returns the first 'num' keywords from each of input lines. If there are less than "Num" number, it will return all
512: Convert argument to method name.  eg., --myFunction -> myfunction .'s the function that takes one parameter and returns it."
513: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates of 3 points in two dimensions. It is used to calculate boundings box from set
514: Ackermann's function. Computes the number of recursive calls needed to compute Fibonacci numbers using only addition and subt
515: Convert Snakes in string format into Pascale case. For example, input 'hello world' will return HelloWorld . This function is used when
516: Error in channel masking. 	Type of error : Bad Channel Mask . Sender and Receiver are the users who sent or received messages
517: Checks if the sender is in clean up mode.  If so, it returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on whether from field exists
518: Interpolates between two points in the interval [a , b] using given polynomial.  If '(>=' is not satisfied then raise an
519: This function replaces the prefixes of commonly used web vocabularies with their corresponding URL'd versions in an input string, if they exist
520: Generates lifoever path to the requested gnomAD genomes .vcf file in requesters pays bucket  and returns it as string
521: A function that returns the appropriate emoji based on whether or not it's online. If 'online', return "\U+1F3
522: Convert pressure from pascal to hectopascale." ;; end of paToHPA function definition" ) . "end conversion
523: Computes the length of two strings as fractions. If one or both are empty, it returns ‘Zero’; if they have equal lengths
524: A function that takes in an integer list and returns the number of times each element appears.  It uses recursion to explore all possible combinations, then
525: A function to remove units from strings.  It checks if the string ends with ".oz" or".\" and removes it, otherwise returns original input
526: Returns the type of data reference as string.  If it is unknown, integer or floating point number respectively.";   }}}}}} . }} ;
527: A function that multiplies an expression by integer. If the value is positive, it returns original number; if negative or zero then return its negation
528: Returns the first key of an object. If no such Key exists, it returns #F . It is used to get one single value from dictionary or
529: Converts the given string to date format. If it's not exactly four characters long, append "YYMMDD" until length is exact
530: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation with respect to one variable, and returns both partial derivatives in list format as output from function bpPropScal
531: This function takes in three coordinates and returns the product of each coordinate by one million. It is used to convert units from meters into micrometers
532: A function that formats the page numbers in an array or list. If it's given only one argument, returns just its string representation; if two
533: Convert numbers and strings to numeric values. If the input is not number or string, it returns as such; if conversion fails then original value remains
534: Convert input to lower case and remove all whitespaces.  This is an example of using recursion in Scheme programming language with lambda functions as
535: A function that finds duplicate indices in the given input. It returns two lists, one with duplicated index and another without any occurrence of it .
536: Checks if the given filename ends with .YAML.  Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is yml/yml formatted
537: Returns true if the sweep activation is on and triggered by measurement.  If not, it returns false or nil depending upon whether single stepping should be
538: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.  Input is an integer list of three elements representing the red, green and blue components respectively in range [
539: Checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the first character and then recursively checking whether or not all
540: A function to convert RGB color space from ACI standard using the LAB conversion method, then return it as three values in linear lightness range between
541: A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output as title case.  It splits up into individual strings, then maps each to
542: A function to get the PATH info from an environment dictionary.  It returns path information if it exists, otherwise null is returned .   Code length :
543: Convert density from grams per cubic meter to kilogrammes cubed meters.   Densities are used in thermodynamic calculations and fluid dynamics
544: Generates backtick quotes around the given string.  For example, `hello world's name is john doe and he lives in
545: A function to calculate the bezie curve points. The input parameters are four vectors and two scalars, which represent time value of each segment in
546: A function to convert Horse Power into power. It takes in the number of hp and returns its equivalent value converted from HPs per day, which
547: Computes the average of all nonempty lists.  If no list is empty, it adds up its values and divides by number to get an
548: A function to calculate the area of trapes in terms. The input is three parameters - two bases and one heigth, it returns either calculated
549: A function to set the dimension of an optimization or search algorithm. It takes as argument either 'two dimensional' ('1d') if it is being
550: This function returns the KAPPA analysis of an altitude, which is used to measure and compare different geographical heights in terms on one single number
551: Convert hass to celsius. Code snippet that converts the given value from HA's internal unit of measurement, which is in
552: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates by factor of sqrt(epoch)/maximum number. The maximum is set to
553: Finds the last record with perfect score.  If no such records exist, returns an empty list .   "    }" ) ;; end
554: Parses the given string as an IRI or Curried Identifier. The input should be in standard RDF syntax, and it will return
555: A function that calculates the dihedrals of airlines. The formula is derived from an equation involving two parameters, which are multiplied together
556: Checks if the given URL contains either 'ORACC' or its subdomains" . $1,$0."; returns true when
557: Convert string to pair of numbers. The input is expected in the format 'x,y' where both are integers or floats and return them as
558: Find common elements between two lists.  Code is written in Scheme language and uses recursion to find the intersection of sets/lists."
559: Checks if two grades are equal.  If they're not, returns false; otherwise true .  	     "(grade v is the
560: This function takes two parameters, checks if the first parameter is equal to 'br' or starts with either of these strings followed by one character. If
561: Changes the status of an Action. If it's not already set, sets its type to 'new'. Returns original if no change was made
562: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and
563: Returns the path to use as an intermediary storage device.  If 'dev' is true, it returns "/temp/.db", otherwise return
564: A function to calculate the total width of lines in an SVG file. It checks if each segment is itself not false, and then it sums up
565: Counting possible ways that can sum upto given total from array elements . ;;"A" is input sequence, "target", it'll count
566: This function converts the given number into an index that can be used to access elements in waveform data. The conversion is based on some arbitrary scaling
567: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be an upper case alphabetical character. It returns the first letter of that input as it
568: This function checks if the given string is one of flex alignment keywords.  It returns true or false accordingly."; (defun alignContent ()
569: Adds two vectors. The result is another vector that represents the sum of input parameters." (defn vect4 [v x y z
570: A function that takes two arguments, 'sk' and ‘c’. It returns the remainder of division between "C" by given number ".
571: A function that returns the smallest of four numbers, taking into account possible floating point precision issues when comparing them to one another using min or <> operator
572: Convert ID to integer. If the input is an id, return it as number; if not convert from strng and returns list of two elements [
573: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase. If it is not alphabetic, return original string as its resultant value; if
574: Returns the values of all variables in list. 		   .eol..    Code :(defun value vars ) ((setf l
575: Convert string to integer list. Code uses recursion and memoization techniques in order convert the input number into its digit representation as an array of
576: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with given semi major axis and eccentricity in meters."  	;(defun calcsearch
577: Returns the extension of output file based on input.  If not found, returns given as parameter by user defined or defaults to .txt if no other
578: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max between any number pairs in python or javascript etc..  1st line is
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide in an input string. The output is list with all found sequence'nucleosides".   [
580: Save the user’ questions and provide feedback on them if they have already asked one .   [END]    Code :(defun saveQuestion
581: Computes the mean and variance of an array, returns them as two separate numbers in list format."   }]], "code": [{"lang
582: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and error handling in case input is less than zero or noninteger value,
583: Returns the latest semantic verison number from given list of files. The function splits each filename by '_' and takes second part which is assumed to
584: A recursive function to find the maximum depth of parentheses in an expression. It uses two levels - one is used when we are inside br
585: A function that implements the Rectified Linear Unit activation. It returns one when input is greater than or equal to zero, otherwise it will return
586: Calculates the non central moment of an arbitrary distribution. The function takes three parameters - 'Mean', which is expected to be positive, and two
587: This function takes as input the name of an archive file and returns its base without any zip or bsj suffix.  If no such suffices
588: Create unique ids based on the region of cities and states. If no specific information is given, it will return an empty string.""")).
589: A function that sums two digit numbers.  It returns the sum of both, and also counts how many characters are in their string representation to determine
590: Removes all line breaks from the given string.  This is useful when you want to compare strings that have different formats but contain only text data,
591: Normalizes the input string by replacing single quotes with double and vice versa.  It also handles empty strings gracefully."   .   ```python
592: Skip the execution of an object's method if it is not defined in current context. This can be used to prevent errors when calling undefined methods
593: This function counts the number of complete "words" in an array. It takes three parameters - starting index, word size and bit depth respectively . The
594: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclidean algorithm which is based on division and subtraction method, but it
595: Checks if two lists have common elements. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or null depending on the input order of arguments in function call friend
596: Calculates the total number of records in table.  If no record exists, returns zero . Otherwise it calcula...   "    ".     ""
597: Converts Mels to Hertz in the Mel scale of sound pressure levels, which is used by audio synthesis and analysis algorithms like FFT
598: A function that replaces newline characters in the string with less than and greater then.  It is used to convert all line breaks into <br
599: Generates an option string from the given pair of keys and values. If no corresponding “value” is provided, it returns empty String; otherwise
600: Returns the best action to take based on current window size and desired bandwidth, which is calculated as one minus half of CWND divided by Target Band
601: Assigns the hash of an input string to zero one. The function takes as argument any given hexadecimal number and converts it into
602: Computes the kernel scale factor based on number of points, samples per point & dimension . If both numbers given as zeros then it returns one else
603: Generates the string representation of an OS Version TUPLE.  For example, '(1 .  3 )' would be converted to '.
604: A function that takes in an input string and appends "'" to it.  It is used as part of the future proofing mechanism, where
605: Convert the first exclamation mark in each line of text to uppercase. Removes all other characters and keeps only alphanumeric, space
606: A function to calculate the density of an atom given its height and atomic number. The formula is based on polynomial interpolation with six terms, which are
607: Create URLs based on the type of data to be fetched from NOAO or COPERN HOT WEATHER STATIONS
608: A function that returns the first character of its argument. If no characters are present, it will return an empty list or nothing if there is not enough
609: A function to linearly interpolation between two values.  It takes three arguments, the value of which you want lerped and its lower bound &
610: Verifies that the requesting column(set)/columns are within an allowable set.  If not, it throws and error message with given details
611: Checks if two numbers are even divisible.  If they can be divided equally, returns true; otherwise false."
612: This function returns the precedences of operators. It is used in parsing expressions to determine which operation should be performed first." Code sn
613: This function calculates the size of recording region in machine time steps. It takes two parameters, number and timesteeps per byte respectively which are used
614: A function to get the specific part of an experiment' events.  It takes in one argument, which is supposedly representing what kind or nature/
615: Finds the module name in PLC'S PCB. Returns - if not found, otherwise returns its position on list." (defun find
616: Map over the response items and format them as strings.  Use car to get first element, cdr/caar or cadddrr if needed
617: Checks if the given string is equal to another, but with some transformations applied. If it's not an empty space or dot then apply transformation
618: A function to calculate the hexadecimal representation of an integer. The input is assumed as number and output will be in form '0x...
619: Generates layer names. If no specific suffix is provided, it will append the index of current level to its base string if available; otherwise just returns
620: This function takes an IPv6 address and returns its inverse. It does so by splitting the string into segments, reversing them order to get it in
621: Returns invalid values in the given list of numbers.  It filters out those which are not lists and contains only valid number from 'allowed' set .
622: Checks if the number is triangulatory. A positive integer that can be written as one or more consecutive integers in ascending order, such
623: A function that returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  It uses cond to check which number is smaller or larger, then return it in list
624: A function that takes in two lists, and returns the first column of each row. If there are no more columns to return from one list it will
625: Removes remapping entries that start with the given string.  The function is recursive and will continue to call itself until all arguments have been processed
626: Inserts new lines into the given text. The number of characters to insert is specified by 'every'. If there are no more than one character left
627: Extracting elements from the list that are not equal to an element.  It filters out all instances of 'element' and adds it back in at
628: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, y or true then return ##TRUE## otherwise returns false .  [END]   Code
629: This function takes the name of an audio input and returns two output files, one with .a extension (.audio format), another without any extensions."
630: Checks if the string contains two $ symbols in sequence. If so, returns true; otherwise false or empty list of strings depending on whether there are
631: Flatens the given inputted lists.  It uses fold right to combine all elements of each sublists into one single, flat outputting in order
632: Converts an angle in degrees to minutes and seconds, taking into account the location of that degree on Earth's surface as input" . "
633: A function that returns the plural form of an English word. If 'x' is greater than one, it appendes "' s". Otherwise,"""
634: Counts the number of items in 'numbers' that are bigger than given value. – Code snippet to count how many elements have
635: Generates space between elements in the list.  If no argument is provided, it generates only one blank line."  ```(list 'a1
636: Returns the value associated with given 'Key' in list of Pair. If not found, returns false/nil  .   "(defun
637: Convert F to C using the formula of conversion from degrees in one scale, then convert it into another by subtracting and adding an offset value .
638: Checks if the given string is palidromic.  It uses recursion to reverse and compare strings character by char, thus providing an efficient
639: A function to calculate the triangluar number at position 'n'. The formula used is simple, it's just sum of first N natural
640: Convert float to string representation with precision upto two decimal places, if not exact integer then return the number as is; otherwise convert it into its equivalent
641: Validates the probability. If it is not between [ ] then raise an error with appropriate message .   if yes return that value else throw exception and
642: Finds the largest prime factors of an inputted integer. It uses recursion to find and return all possible primes that divide into it, starting
643: Checks if the given string starts with '&#34;' or &amp. Returns true when it is, false otherwise.'s"
644: Calculates the CSI of two points. The formula is used to calculate an index that measures how much one's relative position in relation with another
645: Returns the DSA Consts. If not provided, it returns default values of [DSP] and[DSN]. The first two are used
646: Computes and returns angle difference between two angles in degrees, taking into account that one or both of them are outside [−π/4 , +
647: A function that returns the dependencies of all components in an input list.  It uses recursion to traverse through each component' s dependency lists and
648: A function to calculate the number of frames in an audio clip. The input is three parameters - 'length' and two fixed point numbers ('fsh
649: This function returns the weight of syntactical role. It takes as input an string representing one possible syntax class, and outputs its corresponding semantic value in
650: A function that moves the position of an object in 3D space. It takes two arguments, one is current postion and another argument represents movement
651: A function that calculates the slope and y interception of an equation given two points. If all inputs provided by user is number, it returns true
652: This function checks if the coverage of given sequence is within threshold or not based on its length and start/end index in relation to other sequences' queries
653: Checks if the spin ratios of two reactants and products are different in an intersystem reaction equation system, ie., they have not converged
654: Cleans the end spaces of given string.  It removes all newline characters at ends and extra white space from both sides."  	     .
655: A function that computes the dot product of two 4d vectors. The input is represented as lists with four elements each, and it returns an
656: A function that calculates the value of an instruction.  It takes three parameters - offset, number and type . The result is calculated by adding '
657: A function to set the ID of an object. The input is two parameters, 'ID' and "TYPE". It returns new value after setting it
658: Compare two items based on their numerical information. The first item is considered smaller if its number value comes before the second one in string representation, and vice
659: Checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than or equal .94, which means they are approximately equivalent within one decimal place."
660: This function finds the price levels of an item based on its initial selling prices and their respective order in relation to each other, with respecting one specific
661: Escape special characters in user names. If the username is empty or all whitespace, return an blank space; otherwise escape underscore character with '
662: Generates header string based on the given hash.  The display name and unit are extracted from it, formatted as '<Display Name> in <
663: A function that returns the remaining files after moving certain ones.  It takes two lists as input, one of previously "moved" and another list
664: Generates an HTML link with the given URL and text.  The generated string is in format "[text](url)", e..g., "_Link
665: A function to find the first even index in an array. If no such number exists, it returns -1; otherwise return its position as integer value
666: Checks if all the elements in list are alphabetical.  If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on 'debug
667: This function maps the given string to its corresponding question. It is used in conjunction with other functions that handle extraction of questions from textual data."
668: A function to check if the suit of card is valid. 1 = Club, D =  Diamond , H  = Heart and S  =  Spade
669: A function to test if the bit at given position is set in an integer. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
670: Add Docsuarus Metadata Into Content . Code snippet that adds dokuasurous specific meta data like an ID and
671: Checks if the given object is of type 'file history'  .   It returns true or false.    - done in python version : check
672: Generates an unordered list with the given arguments. Each argument is formatted according to its formatting function and added as one item in that ordered lists
673: Extracts metadata from the given dictionary. If recID is present, it converts to number and sets as value of 'm' key in
674: Returns the binary representation of an integer. If input is less than two, it returns zero otherwise one."  ```    [END] Code Summary ]
675: Returns the remainder of multiplication between two numbers.  Modulo operation is performed on both inputs to avoid overflows and underflow situations in modular arithmetic
676: This function takes in one argument, which is the name of an arrowhead. It returns its opposite side as per given rules."   . )"
677: A function that takes in list of English nouns and returns their plural form.  It uses the map operation to apply an anonymous lambda expression, which
678: Parses the custom commands.  It splits input string into list of parameters and returns that as output."   [END] Code Summary ]
679: Get the name of an AWS STS service role associated with given ARN.  This function is used to get unique identifier from aws st s
680: A function that returns the label associated with an edge in graph. If it is not present then return dummmy goal value . It takes as argument
681: Preprocessing text by replacing tabs, newlines and carriage returns with spaces.  This is useful when dealing directly in the file system or network communication where
682: Calculates the correct direction of an earthquake. If it's going in one or two directions, returns that as is; if not then adjust
683: Convert the given input into list of lines.  This function splits by newline character to get each line in an array form .  	Example
684: This function converts the given Quad Key to BING Maps API URL .'s format." ;; Code ends here
685: A function that returns the corresponding arithmetic operator based on an integer. If no match is found, it will return #f; otherwise -> '
686: This function strips out the arguments that are either "-I", or"--IMPORT". It recursively calls itself until it has processed all of its input
687: This function calculates the DBOT Score based on given scores. The higher, more points are scored in terms of difficulty level and complexity . A
688: Calculates the square root of 1/D. Reduces precision by using sqrt function in python to calculate it directly, but keeps its
689: A recursion based solution to the knapSACK problem. It tries all possible combinations of items and returns maximum profit that can be achieved with given
690: This function takes in three values and returns the index of one value that is larger than both others. If no such pair exists, it will return zero
691: A function to read and add features from text files. It reads the corpuses line by –line, adding each feature as it encounters in
692: Normalises the input string to be used as path. Replaces '.' with '_' and replaces | character in between two paths, replacing it
693: Generates mapping table name.  [domain] -> _mappings[Domain].txt's content as string .   'Mapping Table Name
694: Checks if two numbers are of the same parity. If they're both even or odd, it returns true; otherwise false."
695: Set the value of an object to None if it is empty.  If not, leave as provided .   Code snippet : (#( _
696: Constrains the given number to be within specified range.  If it's outside, constrants will return either of two values depending on
697: Checks if one rectangle is within another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test the function
698: A function that takes two arguments, an array of numbers and the power to which each number in said list should be raised.  It returns another vector
699: This function returns the gender of an individual. It takes one argument, which is assumed to be their preferred gendered pronoun in English language terms
700: A function that converts an attribute name to its corresponding predicate. For example, 'name' would become '_NAME'. If the input is not valid
701: Merge two dictionary into one.  If the same keys exist in both, values from second dict will overwrite those of first ones .   "
702: Generates the extension of library files.  If 'shared' is true, then '.dll', otherwise it uses ".dylib", and if
703: A function that calculates the weighted average of RGB values in an image's pixels, used to determine grayscale intensity or contrast between two images
704: Converts the given string to be used as an identifier in C. Replaces special characters with underscores and conversts hyphens into
705: A function that applies soft thresholding to an input. If the value of 'x' is less than ‘lmb’, it returns its
706: Checks if all characters in the string are valid. If not, returns false; otherwise true . 1 line solution to check whether every character is
707: Split and trim the input strings.  Outputs list of stripped, lowercased versions .   e..g., ("hello" ,
708: This function takes in an ordered list of commands and returns the unordered ones. It removes any command that is already present within its input from being included
709: Parses boolean value from string.  If the parameter is empty, returns false; if it's 'TRUE', or any of its lower
710: Convert frames to milliseconds, given the number of frame and target fps/framrate .   Code snippet that converts from
711: A function to find the next power of two. It uses recursion and binary search method, which is efficient in finding out if an integer number n
712: Finds the first capital character in given position. If no such char exists, returns #F .   Code length : x lines    Execution time
713: Convert temperature from one unit to KELVIN, Celsius or FARENHEIT using the provided input and return it in kell
714: This function checks if the input is one of three possible strategies.  It returns true or false accordingly depending on whether it matches any strategy in its list
715: A function that converts fractional numbers into strings. If the number is zero or negative it returns 'no data'. The result will be in format
716: Convert CD to uHZ. Code snippet that converts the frequency from centidecimal notation into hertz, given as input in
717: Implementation of CRC calculation. 16 bit version with polynomial x^8+XOR, initial value = 0 and final XORD .
718: Returns the domain of an expression.  If not in list form, returns itself; if first element is also non existent then it will return its
719: Modifies the inputted 'lauched' status to include information about when it was last run.  If true, appends text indicating that
720: Returns the dimensionalities of columns in dataframe.  If input is not list or first element isn't string, returns zero else if second elements
721: Checks if the file name has an extension. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or
722: This function decrements the given GPIO Pin Index by one. It checks if it is an exact non negative integer and within range of valid pins on R
723: Returns the color of an pixel at position [x,y] in given picture. If it is not valid then returns black (#RGB(#
724: A simple function that returns either one or zero depending on the input value, with an equal chance of returning any two values in between .4 and
725: This function checks if two lists are equal. If they're the same, it returns ‘True’; otherwise return 'False'. It is
726: Calculates the temperature rise and loss due surface energy consumption in kWh per square meter of an electrical system based on its operating capacity, size & material
727: This function takes in the name of an AM or PM time slot and returns its numerical equivalent. If it's not recognized, then return "-"
728: A function that simplifies the arithmetic operation of adding two numbers. The first number is multiplied by one and then added to second parameter, which
729: Detection of the programming language used in CUCKOO.  It checks if string contains ' __ global' or '_ _ kerneL'.
730: Merge all elements of the given lists into one. The order is preserved in each sublist, but not within individual ones." (def
731: A function to get unique values from the given list of tests. It uses recursion and memoization techniques in order not repeat computations on previously
732: A function that masks the first n characters of string with '*' and last m character(s)'.'. If there are more than two
733: Convert Gigapascal to Liters per second conversion factor from the International System of Units .   [Unit Conversion]    Unit :
734: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. If one of them is not string or length, it returns 'error'. Otherwise
735: Generates n grams of the given string. If length is not divisible by five, append extra spaces to make it into an even number with
736: Normalizes the given string to be used as an article's main heading. If optional parameter is provided, it appended with "-" and then
737: This function takes two arguments, 'modes' and an integer number. It returns the appropriate string based on whether it is called with analog or alternate
738: Returns the path to an attached file based on its number in pascals triangle numbers system, or nil if no such filename exists;  . The
739: Returns the first nonempty string in list. If all strings are empty, returns #F .  It is similar to R6RS's co
740: Parses the input as an Edge in Dependency Graphs. The output is of form [Parent Index, Label ,Child index]. This
741: A function that returns the larger of two dimensions.  If one dimension is smaller than another, it swaps them and then compares again to return
742: Removes the spaces and adds/ subtracts from given parameters.  It takes in two types of operations add or sub, it removes all space
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability. This function takes an input string that represents the name of some kind or object property, and returns its human
744: Convert hexadecimal color to RGB. Code snippet provided by the user in string format and returns an equivalent of that inputted value as
745: This function calculates the number of pairs in an array. If there are more than one billion elements, it returns "-1". Otherwise return count as
746: Convert underscore separated string to all caps.  For example, input is 'hello_world' output will be Hello World .   Code length
747: A function that calculates the relative sequence of two sequences. It takes three arguments, one is an integer representing how many times to repeat 'initial'
748: A function that takes an argument string of the form 'width x height' and returns three values representing width,height & depth respectively. If only one
749: A recursive function that converts all non list elements to their default values.  If the element is not present, it returns its original value;
750: Checks if an IPv4 address is link local. 193/7 has the prefix fecab :: . This function returns true only
751: Computes average of elements in list. Takes as input an ordered sequence, and returns its mean value."   [END] Code Summary ][
752: A function to calculate the power of an iteratively. It uses recursion and keeps reducing exponent by one at each step until it reaches zero or equal
753: Finds the number of rooms that are at least as far away from all other room in given list. The distance is measured by numbers representing how many
754: A function to calculate the remainder of an exponent in O(logn). It uses fast powering method. The time complexity is log^3N
755: A function to pluralise the word. If number is one, it returns string with no space and appended by singular form of given sentence/word
756: A function that returns the first element of list which is equal to given input. If not found, it will return false or nil in python equivalent way
757: A function that adds two vectors.  It takes in one vector and another, then applies the '+' operator to each pair of corresponding elements from
758: This function rounds down the given number to its nearest lower integer that is also an exact multiple of two. It uses recursion and memoization,
759: Checks if the first element of one list is in another. If it's not, then checks with next elements until either end point has been
760: Generates the US Airways Station Code.  The format is UAXXXXXX where X's are digits from A to Z or numbers
761: Checks if the given number is power of two. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
762: Check if the given user has required roles.  If yes, return true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or not
763: A function that checks if the given keyword is one of several special keywords. If it's not, returns original string; otherwise append an underscore
764: A recursive function to calculate the product of all elements in list. If input is empty, return false; if only one element left then returns that
765: A function to get the length of string. It uses recursion and subprocedure call within itself." Code is used in creating an
766: Returns the prefix of given string with '.'. If it's not starts from '.', append . to make sure its startswith dot(
767: A function to validate the type and return it if its in list. If not, throws an error with all possible types available  .    Type :
768: Calculates the square distance between two points.  The function takes in as input parameters, each of which is another list representing either one or more coordinates
769: A function to combine the names of all members in an organization.  The input is list with their surnames, and it returns combined string separated
770: A function that calculates the products of all numbers except itself. The input is an array/list 'numbers'. For each number, it multi
771: A function that converts boolean values to strings. If the input is not one of these four types it throws an error message stating 'Please Use true
772: Finds the second occurrence of '_' in inputted strings. If no such character exists, returns '-'. The function is recursive and uses helper
773: A function to calculate the zookeeper's salary based on their size in terms of number or animals they care about at one time .
774: Checks if the given number is even. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's an integer and divisible by two without leaving any
775: A function that returns zero if the input is one of three strings, else it will return false. This indicates no value in some fields which are not
776: A simple tokenization function that splits the input string into individual tokens. It uses Python's built in split() method to do so, which
777: This function takes an integer or string input and returns the same value if it is already numeric, otherwise converts to number.  It also handles
778: Parses the URLs into pairs of neighbors. The first element is always from which we are looking at, and second one will be any other
779: Convert the given string to numerics. If it is in ns, us or ms then convert into respective units else return error message . (code
780: Split the list of ids into chunks based on an identifier. If it matches, add to current chunk; if not match with previous one
781: Clean the filename by replacing spaces, parentheses and special characters with underscores. 1/6 of total files will be cleaned up after
782: Convert an Array to String.  Converts the given list of numbers into string format separated by spaces, e..g [10 ,3
783: This function takes in an email address and returns the username part of it.  It does not include any special characters or spaces, but keeps only al
784: This function calculates the leverage ratio needed to achieve maximum margin. The input is in percentage form and it returns its equivalent value as an integer, which
785: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lack
786: Generates an Indented GenBank record.  The input is the raw genbanks and output will be formatted with tabs as per requirement by
787: This function takes in an array of links and returns only those that have valid references to months. It uses the second element from each link as its reference
788: A function that checks if the given input is true.  It uses '=' to compare two values and returns '#T'. If it doesn’
789: This function returns the appropriate filename based on user input, it can be either cryptocurrency prices or S&P 48/USD index
790: This function takes in an input and splits it into lines, then each line is converted to numbers.  It returns the list of these number lists
791: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the same output, but with all elements padded by zeros to match length. If there
792: Finds the end index of each line in an array. If it'll be more than one word, returns -inf and stops checking further to
793: A function that returns the closest number to 'val' in range from ‘min’ upto and including, but not exceeding by one of
794: Checks if the given string is palidromic. A single character or no characters are considered as being nonpalinodmic in terms of
795: Removes the private attribute name from an object.  It takes two parameters, 'attr' and "a string that represents its initial value". The
796: A function that takes an enumerable and returns the first item in it, or raises Value Error if more than 1 element is found .   [
797: A function to get the install target. If no specific package is given, it returns just 'name'. Otherwise return as string in format of <package
798: Look up the ARN of an SNS Topc. If found, return it; otherwise returns false or nil if not in use by any client
799: A function to get prime factors of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique in order not repeating the same calculations multiple times, thus
800: A function to get the sequencer technology used by an Illuminar's Read Simulation software.  It uses hash table data structure and checks
801: Create and return an object representing the transaction. 	Type of Objects created by createTransaction function is Transaction . The properties are 'Day',
802: A recursive function that removes all occurrences of the characters in 'deletes' from given input.  It uses list processing functions to replace
803: Generates string representation of the players' individual game results. The output is in line format with each result separated by newline character and also includes information
804: A function to calculate the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule over time, with initial and end values set by user input parameters; also includes
805: A recursion function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. The number is converted into its string representation, then each digit from right
806: A function that returns the difference between two lists. It removes elements in second argument from first one, keeping only those present at both ends of original sequence
807: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its use
808: A function to get the log formater based on given level. If it'll be used in logging, then formatting will depend upon its current
809: A function to check the current model' states and adjust them as per requirements. If they are not in required format, it pads or trims accordingly
810: A function that checks if the string starts with two underscores. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    `   ```
811: A function to compute the cross product of two vectors. The input is given as three elements in list form, and it returns one element also present within
812: A function to generate the label of an audio stream.  The input parameters are used as partials identifying what kind and quality information is included in each
813: Remove leading whitespace from each string in the list.  This is useful when you want to compare strings that may have different indentation levels,
814: Calculates the  distance between two points in three dimensions. It uses Euclidean Distance formula to calculate it .  	Inputs : Two Point
815: Checks if the given string starts with "===>".  This is used to identify error messages in log files.  	; done by using
816: Calculates the sum of squares.  Input is an array/list containing numbers, returns square sums as output."
817: Converts decimal numbers to binary. If input is not valid, it throws an error message stating invalid inputs are provided as the only argument."}
818: A function to map the given commands based on their respective states. If no mapping exists, it will display an error message and exit with failure signal (-
819: A function that marks the occurrences of certain keys in an input dictionary. If they exist, it returns their count; otherwise ‘zero’
820: Counts the number of whitespaces in string.   Code snippet to be used as reference or example.""")'""", 'Count
821: A function to convert bytes into megabytes. Code is based on the assumption that one byte = 8 bits, and there are approximately two gig
822: A function to get the base part of an OSIsoft Version number string, e..g., '13' in v4r6n
823: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'True', returns true, if it's anything else then false or raises an exception when invalid inputs
824: A function to sanatise the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces.  It is used in data cleaning tasks where we need clean
825: Transforms the data in 'SheetData' into an array of key value pairs.  Each pair contains one row from Sheets Data and its
826: Converts temperature from one scale to another using the formulae provided by WHO's website .   Code is used in converting temperatures between C
827: Convert KODICodes to ASCII. Code replaces special characters with their corresponding asscii equivalent in the given input . If no such character
828: Calculates the potential energy of an atom in liquid crystal format, given its atomic number and radius cutoff distance from center to edge .'s formula
829: Generates SQL WHERE clause based on the given column list. If no conditions are provided, returns empty string; if only one condition is present it generates
830: Convert English to PIG Latin. Code is used as an example of how the function works in Python, but it can be applied elsewhere too such us
831: A function to get the type of event from its name. Code is used in GitHub API calls and events are returned as strings that represent different types
832: Flatens the list by recursively calling itself on each element in order to flaten nested lists.  If an item is not pair, it'
833: This function calculates the expected number of overlaps between two sets. It takes three parameters - 'total' is an integer representing all possible combinations,
834: Converts register range to binary. It uses recursion and divide the search space by powers of two until it finds an appropriate size that fits in
835: A function to convert the number of whole day(s).'days'. The result is in seconds.   .    "Example usage:"     (.
836: Checks if two rectangles collided.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false or void(#).   .   10/
837: Returns the points of circle with center at point(xy), and given 'radius'.  The function takes two parameters, an originating position in form
838: Finds the header and page break in given list of strings. It returns all found elements as separate lists, one per type ("Header" or Page
839: A function to check if an integer is prime. Uses the Sieve of Eratosthenese algorithm, with caching results in hash table
840: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  The input is represented as lists with three elements each, representing x , y and z
841: Converts list of Habit to mark down format. Each element in the input is represented as [Hour : Minute] - Description .
842: Swap the http and https in an URL. 1 line solution using string manipulation functions .'s, split , append etc." swap of
843: Checks if the given input is an auto or not, returns true/false accordingly .  10pts (checkpoint -> check
844: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the first vector and second one, then returns new Vector which is result of each element
845: This function checks if the first element of an XML list contains gPred. If it does, then returns that value; otherwise prints error message and ex
846: Extracts the plain text value from an object. If not found, returns false or nil if no such attribute exists in hash table 'input'.
847: A function that appends an element to the end of list.  It uses recursion and conditionals in order not only add elements but also handle
848: This function takes in an object and returns only the field names of that objects.  It uses filter to check if each element is not null or undefined
849: Calculates the relative difference between two values in terms of their weights and configurations, taking into account both configuration string length preference factor as well weighted factors to
850: truncates the given string to fit within specified number of steps. If it is longer than required, pads with provided token until length reaches desired step count
851: Removes sequentially identical elements from the list.  It keeps only one of each element in order, and removes all other duplications within that sequence
852: A function to sanatise markdwon syntax in the given string.  It replaces backticks with square brackets and undersco
853: A recursive function to solve the Tower of HANOI problem. The input is three pegs and an integer number indicating how many disks
854: Computes the score of cards in hand. The higher index, more points are given to that card." (defun computeScoreOfWins
855: Generates the post data needed to register an account on Mozilla's domain name registration service using provided parameters – Random string, Suffix
856: Generates the name of an individual module that contains all functions related to generating random data.  This is used by other modules in order not only generate
857: Generates the list of paths from given keys.  If no name is provided, it generates all possible names in order to get unique results and then
858: A function to sanatise resource names.  It replaces hyphens with underscores and appended 'R' at the end of it
859: A function that returns the first key from an input list which exists as part or full member within given dictionaries. If no such exist, it raises
860: Converts hexagonal coordinates to triangular. The input is three numbers, representing the X Y Z coordinate of an object in space with axes
861: Reads the file at given absolute path if it exists, otherwise reads from relative paths.  If both files exist then returns first one found in order
862: A function that returns the list of keywords in different cases.  It takes an input string and converts it to upper case, lower casing or
863: Retrieves the id of current logged in User. If no such information is available, returns false or empty string respectively .  Code snippet
864: A function that returns the maximum of two numbers. If 'a' is greater than or equal to `b`, it will return value from first
865: A function that adds an amount of spaces to the beginning or end line. It is used in conjunction with other functions like make, string and cond .
866: Checks if the given dictionary is in correct format of single alerting policy. It checks whether it has 'alerts' and either or both,
867: Expands the bound box by increasing its height.  The new width and depth are calculated as before, but only their y component is increased in order
868: A function that returns the list of features associated with each type. The input is an integer representing which specific set or combination to return, and outputs are
869: A function that takes two lists of numbers and returns the list with all possible combinations.  Each combination is calculated by taking one number from each input,
870: Computes all squares in the range from 0 to given number. This is done by mapping over each element within that specified 'of' Range and
871: Returns the non null or provided as argument. If it is empty, returns 'Default'.  Code snippet to get Non Null Value from user
872: Inverts the order of characters in an input string.  Example "hello" - > olleh .   It uses list and reverse functions
873: Scales down the dimension of an image by dividing it with given factor. If there is no such thing as scale, then returns zero or if
874: Counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count how many times each digit from least significant end up being '
875: Decodes the message by replacing all backslashes (\\) with newlines.  This is used to convert Windows style line endings into Unix
876: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output, but with each number squashed. It uses map to apply 'squaring'
877: A function to describe the current level of water in an air sample. The input is assumed as percentage, and it returns one outof three categories -
878: A function to convert lightness values from linear measurements of luminance in the CMYK color space into ansi escape codes. The conversion is done
879: Calculates the margin of error in inches. The input is assumed to be an integer representing miles or kilometers, and returns its equivalent value converted
880: A function that takes in three arguments, an RGB value and the power to which you want it converted. It returns another list with each of its elements
881: A function that returns the mask of bits with length 'i'. It is used to generate all possible combinations. For example, _bitwiseAND(
882: Creates an array of commands to create symbolic links from source file(src).  The destination is the link'd object.   .e..
883: A function to round the given number according with provided divider. If positive, it rounds down; if negative - upwards." Code sn
884: Checks if the number is divisible by eight. If it's not, then doubles its last digit until reaching an even multiple of ten
885: Converts an ASCII representation of binary data to its decimal equivalent. It takes in the input character and converst it into integer form, then
886: This function takes an Edge Path as input and returns the corresponding Node path. It uses recursion to collect all nodes in that specific order from leftmost
887: Checks if the number is palidromic. 10 digits long only, no spaces or special characters are allowed in input numbers and
888: Compare two strings. If they are equal, return zero; if string 'a' is less than the other one in lexicographical order then it
889: Convert string to HTTP URI.  If the input is not valid, return it as given; otherwise convert into an http uri format using 'https'
890: Given an array of numbers, return the XOR result between all pairs.  The function is used to find out whether there're two different bits
891: Returns the major part of an integer representation.  For example, if you call _getVersion '10' it will return  9 . This
892: This function takes in list of records and returns the names from each record. It uses map to apply lambda on every element, cdr is used
893: A function that returns the value of 'b' when input is between zero and ten. Otherwise, it will return -a . It checks if an
894: Checks if the given string is an IP address in shhorthands. If not, it checks whether its second part can be considered as short
895: This function takes in one string and returns two substrings of it. If the length is less than or equal to zero, then return an empty list
896: Converts strings to boolean values. If the input is 'true', it returns true, if false or anything else -> return as its current
897: Computes the checksums of each row in an inputted sheet.  The check sum is calculated by subtracting from maximum value and adding to minimum
898: Calculates the error of an accumulator. If it is number, returns its negative value; otherwise return "none".   .    Code:.
899: A function that converts underscore separated names to cammel case. For example, input 'firstName' returns output as first Name . Code is
900: A function to calculate the RPM of an analog input. It takes three parameters - number, read and total reads . The result is rounded down if
901: Calculates the precision of single class classification.  Preciseness is calculated as correct positive predictions divided by all positives predicted plus some small number to
902: This function filters out the elements of an expression statistic that are either "d" or “modified d”. It returns only those expressions
903: Get the schema version of an application's Manifests.  Returns nil if not found or invalid value is provided .   [END] Code
904: This function takes an atom or bond as string and returns the list of atoms/bonds that are present inside it, if valid otherwise displays error
905: Calculates the total number of tricks needed to win. The trick is when players bid more than their current round trump suit, they get one extra
906: Convert binary string to integer. Code snippet that converts the given input into an equivalent decimal number using bitwise operations and recursion in python
907: A function to calculate the number of layers in an image. The input is assumed as 'height' which represents how tall or high it should be,
908: Compute an estimate of how far away from its nearest neighbor in terms per unit area on each side to reach within 'cuttoff' units along
909: A function that calculates the sum of all zeros in each sublist. The result is then added to zero and returned as output from another recurs
910: Convert bool to string. If the input is number, then convert it into true/ false form; if not , return error message .   Code sn
911: Converts binary to integer. The input is string of bits, and the output will be an intger number equivalent .'s representation in base
912: A function that removes duplicates from an ordered list.  It uses recursion to check each element of the original order and only adds it if not
913: A recursive function to format the last three elements of each list in an inputted vector. If any element is zero, it will be formatted as
914: A function to square the input. 1 line solution using multiplication operator (*)." (check if it works with some test cases)"
915: A function that tokenizes text by breaking it into individual sentences. It uses the provided vocabulary to map each word in input sentence onto its corresponding index
916: Returns the namespace of header files.  If no such information is available, it returns an empty string."  ```   ``` ` `` .::
917: Get the IP, Server ID and Location of an object. If not found in hash table then return nil; otherwise returns list with these three values as
918: Checks if the two bitsets have exactly one bit set.  If they do, returns that value; otherwise false or nil .
919: Calculates the area of one pixel in square meters. The input is given as an integer representing pixels per inch, and it returns its equivalent value converted
920: A function that returns the fraction of time in between two times, or zero if they overlap and one otherwise." ---}}}}}"    }
921: Computes the Walliser's Product of an infinite series using recursion and iteration, with given number terms to compute it upto .   Code
922: A recursion example. The function takes an integer as input and returns true if the number is zero, otherwise it calls itself with one less than its
923: A recursive function that checks if the current key is in another list. If it's not, then adds to 'combined dictionary'. It
924: A function that calculates the value of Bregmann's map.  It takes three parameters - two related to distance and one is an additional
925: Decodes the data from an Apertures byte to Frequency Stop Value .'s"   }]], "code": ["\n(
926: A function that checks if the timeout is valid. If not, it exits with an error message and returns false; otherwise return true or sets '
927: Clean input string by removing white space.  If 'na', return empty strings, otherwise just returns original values .  ```">}}</
928: Convert the input string to ISO 8601 format. If it contains '+' or '-', then convert timezone offsets into seconds
929: A function that generates regex patterns to match strings followed by the given string.  For example, followBy("a") would return "\b\w
930: Checks if the given list is constant. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code length :13 lines    Author
931: A function that rounds the input to nearest integer using floor division by two and adding one half of it, then converting back into exact number form with in
932: A function that returns greeting in different languages.  Code is written to handle English, Spanish and German .   'lang' parameter determines the language
933: Convert eCalendar crs codes to lower case. If the first part of an ecourses is 'Comp', convert it into its upper cased
934: Checks if the given number is power of two. It does so by checking that it's not zero and also checks whether its binary representation has
935: A function to assembles the coordinate.  The coordinates are passed in and returned with their kind of 'point'.   .'Kinds include x
936: This function checks if the given file name is not part of production files. It excludes test and docs directories, as well Dockers'
937: A function that returns the predictions of an input list based on its elements and their corresponding thresholds. If element is greater than or equal to given
938: A function that adds three to the input. It's an example of how one can define functions in Scheme programming language using lambda expressions and
939: Generates the list of unique GUIDs associated with each element in input. This is done by mapping over all elements within an array and extracting
940: A function that calculates the incrementally average of two numbers. If there is only one number, it returns its value as an integer division by zero
941: A function that calculates the sum of all digtis in years. It uses recursion to calculate it, starting from given number and going down until
942: Create the URL to about page of user on Facebook using their usernames."  [END] Code Summary"   .eol' ->
943: A function that returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are equal, it will return one number or zero if either is not set to be non
944: Finds the index of an object in list. If not found, returns -1 . Code is used to find out if there're any duplic
945: A function that multiplies two vectors elementwise. If one of the input lists is empty, it returns an emtpy list as result; otherwise
946: A function that prints the number passed to it.  ##no_return## .   ; worker is used by other functions in your program,
947: A function that returns the constant value of an amplitude. It takes two arguments, 'x' and its corresponding amplitudes ('amp'). The result is
948: A function that unwraps nested functions. It checks if the input is procedure or not, and then either returns it as such ,or recursively
949: A function that adds one to the input. This is useful in many programming contexts where you need an operation like incrementing by ones, but it'
950: Returns the reaction name of an atom. The format is EX_{compound}_n where {atom} and n are replaced by specific values from input
951: Convert km per hour to meters in second. Code snippet that converts the given value from kilometers hours into seconds of movement, assuming
952: A function that returns the logical OR of two conditions.  If either parameter is not boolean, it throws an error message stating both are required as Boolean
953: This function returns the appropriate line style based on its input. It can return either of -, -- ,-. or : . If none matches it will
954: Checks if two numbers have the same number of significant figures up to 'SIGFIG' places after decimal point, considering their exact values and not
955: Returns the type of an astronomical body given its id. The function is used to identify different types based on their IDs in order from smallest
956: A function that returns the concatenation of 'phone' and ':'.  For example, getPhonenumber("180436
957: This function takes an input string of the form "<PREFIX>-" and returns its formatted version. It splits on '-' to get prefix
958: A function to convert MAVLink latitude and longitudes from decimal degree format into radians. This is necessary because the library used in our project
959: A function that checks if any dictionary in the list matches with given key value pair.  If so, it returns true else false .   It is
960: Returns the follower ratio of an id. If no such ID exists, it returns zero as default value . The function is used to get followers count
961: Deletes all notifications with the given 'name' from provided notification List.   .   `(defun delete noti nam e lis
962: Convert string to number or boolean. If the input is not convertible, return false/undefined; if it's true then returns 1 else
963: A function that returns the value of buttons in an array based on their index. If there is no button at given position, it will return empty list
964: Finds the item in 'items' closest to number given by ‘pivot’. It uses absolute difference as its comparison metric and sorts them
965: A function to calculate the bandwidth of an audio signal. The formula is based on sample rate and bit depth."   [END] (setf
966: This function takes in an integer array as input; if the provided argument is null or empty it returns false otherwise return minimum & maximum of that given set
967: Computes the moving average of an array using closed form solution.  The input is two parameters, one being 'i' which represents index and another
968: A function that calculates the Rayligne's Z value.  It takes two parameters, 'n', and returns its square root multi
969: Generates the bound box of two points.  The result is represented as four numbers, which are ordered pairs that define an axis aligned rectangle in space
970: Returns the longest element of list. If there are multiple elements with maximum length, returns all those strings as they appear on input order and not sorted by
971: Determines if the state of an object is changing based on its neighbors' states. If it has two or more 'true', then return true,
972: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is defined as intersection area divided by union of areas, which measures how
973: This function calculates the missing number in an ordered list of numbers. It uses linear algebra to solve it by calculating sums and differences, then returns that
974: Checks if the given keyword list contains any of elements.  If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [...]">}}</
975: Calculates the surface margin of an approximate boiling point and its real value. The function takes two arguments, approximate values are used to calculate their
976: This function takes in the dictionary of information about an event and returns three pieces - User ID, Username & Channel. It is used to extract these
977: Convert an object to integer. If the input is number, return as it's; if string can be converted into float then round downwards else
978: This function takes in an input string and returns its reverse complements. It replaces all instances of 'T' with the corresponding base pair, then
979: Checks if the given string contains either dot or dash. If yes, returns #false; otherwise it will return true indicating that is an in place
980: Returns the name of an input tensor.  The format is "<NodeName><OutputSlotsNumberInTheGraphNetworkModelFileFormatSpecified
981: Parses the version number in dot notation to an integer list.  For example, parseversion("10") => #(#<integer
982: Checks if the cigars in paired reads contain no indel.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is used to check
983: A function to calculate the peak of an asymmetric waveform. The parameters are time 't', amplitude parameter, and two frequencies respectively . It is
984: Checks if two elements are of the same width. If they're both numbers or lists, it checks their values; otherwise returns false .
985: A function that checks if the input is an object with key 'owner' and its corresponding entry has type dict. If so, it returns true;
986: Checks if two axises are the exact equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise checks whether their limits match and return true
987: This function takes in three arguments and returns the cross product of them.  It is used to compute dual triangles' normals, which are vectors
988: This function calculates the maximum sub array sum in an input list. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by adding each element of given sequence one at
989: A function that calculates the percentage of yields. It takes two arguments, an 'actual' and theoretic value to calculate percentages from."
990: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code snippet that conversts the given temperature from cesu
991: Returns the destination key of an object.  This is used to determine where in memory storage should be allocated or retrieved from when dealing with large objects
992: A function that checks if the given number is within an acceptable limit. If it's not, then throws error with message"Stop Index Out Of
993: Checks if the given URL is from Discords media server or not – returns true/false accordingly .  	; Takes in one argument
994: Returns the id of an orphanets in given iri. If it is not found, returns 'none'.   .'s/ /./
995: A function to identify the type of software suite used in an input string. It splits on '-' and checks if first part matches known types,
996: Returns the first matching Resource object in Resources list.  If no match is found, returns #F."   }]],[1,"Returns or
997: This function takes an array 'questions' and returns the headers in string format.  It appends each question to its corresponding position from one header row
998: Casts the given argument to none.  If it is an empty string, returns #false; otherwise return original input as casted result."
999: Counts the number of nonzero elements in list.  Code is used to count how many values are not zero within an inputted array/list
1000: A function that returns the filename with given type.  For example, _s(10,"jpg") will return 'fileName:' . j
1001: A function to get subwords of the given grammar. It takes in two parameters, 'Token' and Grammar; it returns all possible substrings
1002: A function to calculate the ceiling of division. It rounds up an integer value by one if it is not already at least that number, otherwise returns same
1003: Returns true if the first character of string is '.' and last charactor in strign isn't equal to ~. This function checks whether file
1004: Checks if there is an element at the given position in sequence. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (end of file content
1005: A function to recall an element in the list of candidates with 'K' number. It uses recursion and filtering mechanism, but it is slower than
1006: A function to perform division. If the divisor is zero, it raises an error message stating that you can't do such operation."   .
1007: Calculates the horizontal position and depth after following commands. The aim is to calculate final product of these two values .   Code length : x characters,
1008: Recursively find the minimum element in each column of given list. The function returns all these elements as an ordered sequence, one per line and separated
1009: This function checks the input parameter 'TYPE' and returns either TAG FLAGS or CROWDFORM STACk depending on what was passed
1010: Parses the input string into two lists of strings. The first list contains all elements separated by commas, and each element in that sublists
1011: Check if the given string is in any of list elements. If yes, return true else false .   Code length :10 lines    Author name
1012: Convert string to boolean. If the input is either 'TRUE', ‘FALSE’, or an integer that represents True/ False in number form then
1013: Converts picoMoles to moles, used in chemistry and physics calculations .   [END]    ")." ) ;; end
1014: Checks if the number is in Triangle Number Series. A series of numbers where each term after first starts with one, then two and so on
1015: Combines all rules in the given 'list' into one string with an optional binary operation.  If no second argument is provided, it will return
1016: Converts milligrams to grams using the conversion factor of .  49876 g/mg = ~3,    gram
1017: Checks if the first element of list is not equal to 'Depart'. If it's true, then returns false. Otherwise return True .
1018: A function to skip over certain types of records. It checks if the record's creation time falls within an acceptable range, and returns true only when
1019: A function to set up the arguments of optimization methods.  It determines which kind and what parameters are needed based on inputted string, ie.,
1020: Checks if there are any line items in the list that contain an emtpy string. If so, returns false; otherwise true .
1021: Returns the parameter name of an input or output variable. If it is partofa testbench, returns its full form else just return only baseform
1022: Returns all non isomorphic matroids in the given set.  The definition of an isomorphism is that two sets are considered to be equal if they have
1023: This function calculates the deposition of water in an aquatic system based on its concentration and size, using data from NASA's Jet Prop
1024: Generates the IP address of an internal network Node with given id in Cisco ASA router configuration file formatting .'   '.' and -
1025: A function that returns the reflection of coordinates in 3D space. The input is three numbers, and it reflects them about their midpoint along X
1026: Checks if two dictionaries have the same keys and values. If they do, returns #true; otherwise it checks each key in dictionary 1
1027: A function to cleanse the input of any leading or trailing whitespace. – Tidies up an onscreen password prompts by removing
1028: This function takes three arguments, normalizes the input value to be within range [minVal ,maxValue].  It does so by adding or subt
1029: Generates the header name of an audio file. If it's not first time, append bin and its index to filename; otherwise just return binary
1030: This function replaces the dash (- ) and dot (.  in character name with underscore (_ ). It is used to convert hyphenated names into
1031: Get configuration version from blob. If no such key exists in hash then returns default .  1st parameter of function getConfigVersion gets configurations and
1032: Calculates the cost of substituting one character with another. If both characters are equal, it costs two; if either or all letters in first string
1033: Calculates the overlap score between two strings based on their lengths and characters at each position, returning zero if they are not of equal length or have different
1034: Finds if line in file exists.  Code is part of the Scheme programming language." SUMMARY END"   }}}}}} .
1035: A function to calculate the sum of all elements in list.  It uses recursion and is tail call optimized .  1/3rds slower
1036: Checks if two numbers are equal or their sum is zero. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [END] (check the
1037: Split the URI into segments. If it starts with /, split by '/'. Otherwise just return as is if not starting from root path segment."
1038: Checks if two shapes are the same. If they have different dimensions, it returns false; otherwise true is returned."  	     .    "
1039: Checks if one given linked lists contains the same elements as another.  If so, returns #true; otherwise it will return false."
1040: A function to calculate the area of triangle. Inputs are two numbers representing dimensions, returns one number -> Area in square units."
1041: Checks if the given object is not none.  If it's either list, vector or dict and contains at least one non nil value then
1042: Extracting the first nonempty string from each entry in given dict. If no such an element exists, it throws error message stating that there is missing
1043: This function returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The returned value is in format "(database name)" . It's used when
1044: This function is used to confirm the color of an event. If no colors are provided, it will return back up data set; otherwise ,it adds
1045: A function that filters out the matching records in two lists of strings. It checks if any string from one list matches with another, and keeps only those
1046: Checks if the number is even. Returns true or false based on whether it's an integer that can be divided by two with no remainder,
1047: Calculates the recall of an algorithm based on true negatives, false positives and total positive instances in confusion matrix .   [...]    If there
1048: Checks if the given 'guess' matches with provided ‘Password’. If they match, returns true; otherwise false .   Code sn
1049: A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output if it is less than or equal to two fifth of its length, otherwise return trunc
1050: Extracting the message id from an event correlation string.  If it is not in format '<source>:[timestamp]' then return original input
1051: This function aligns the spacing of sentences in two lists. It takes as input, one list with all possible alignment points and another to be aligned
1052: Calculates the Term Frequency of given 'Term' in document. It counts how many times that specific word appears within all documents and then divides
1053: Encodes an array of rules into one line. If the rule is '+', it encapsulates with parentheses, otherwise just returns as
1054: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBonacci number. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where 'x'
1055: A function to convert notes into frequencies in Hz using the C Major scale .'s note numbering system, where 'C', then D , E
1056: Finds the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. If no intersecting line exists, returns #F; otherwise return as list [
1057: Returns the encoding to be used when writing files. If 'for\_writering' is true, returns "UTF – SIG", otherwise it
1058: Generates the API endpoint URL based on provided input. This function takes in an argument which is typically used as part of routing to different endpoints within
1059: A function to convert an EPSGAcronym into its corresponding string representation.  If the input is not of type 'String' it will be
1060: Writes the given list of strings to file.  The output is written in one go, so it's faster than writing each string individually as
1061: Checks if the result of an operation is within specified tolerances. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:.
1062: A function to convert the number of whole units into readble time duration. It converts full years, months or decades as well in one line using
1063: A function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in an input string. If no argument is provided, it returns empty strings; otherwise return all
1064: This function calculates the average of an array. It takes into account both current and previous averages, as well rounds off to nearest integer if necessary
1065: A function to calculate the probability of each pixel being covered by an object.  The input is rate, pixels area and exposure time in seconds."
1066: Check if the given target is valid. If not, throw an error with appropriate message; otherwise return true . Code checks whether or no width and height
1067: A function to calculate the intersection of two lines.  The equation is given by ax +by = e, where [a] and b are coefficients
1068: A function to compute the square root of an input number using Herons method, which is more accurate than standard methods like Python's math library or
1069: A function to get the display name of an user. If their usernames are longer than  39 characters, it will cut off at '
1070: A function to convert the given 'Speed' in km/h into decimals representing distance travelled per hour. The conversion is based on an
1071: A helper method that adds the means and variances together. It's used in calculating variance, standard deviation etc.."   [END]
1072: Returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  If one number is greater than or equal to another, it returns that other's values; otherwise
1073: A function to calculate the index of an element in three dimensions. The indices are calculated as follows, where each dimension is from -n/4 through
1074: Convert decimal degree to Direction, Minute and Second. The input is the angle in Degree . Output will be direction , minute & second representation
1075: This function takes in an input list and returns the same output as if it was unrolled. It does so by taking each element of first level from
1076: Checks if the given path contains an ACKs.txt in its list of paths provided by user or not? 1 - yes, else
1077: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as per standard rules of calculation in FIbonaci series
1078: A function that returns the number of CPU cores if available, otherwise it will return one. If 'single threading' is true then only two core
1079: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in the base number and time, returns product of both inputs .   "v" is an
1080: Checks if the input string represents an integer in base HEX. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or prints error message and exits
1081: This function takes in an input string and returns the parameters of that document. It does so by splitting up each line into its constituent parts, checking
1082: Removes blank lines from the input.  It uses '(defun)' to define functions and '.', which is used as an operator in Sche
1083: A function that calculates the minimum rainfall in mm over time. If no rain is recorded, it returns zero; if only one wall has
1084: Implement insert sort algorithm. Code to implement the Insert Sort Algorithm in Scheme language using recursive function calls and list manipulation functions provided by
1085: Checks if there is any price above the given 'threshold'.  If not, returns false. Otherwise it checks remaining list of primes and
1086: Determine the key type of an algorithm. ...   [END] Code snippet ] ) ;; end define . -> R
1087: A function to add .CSS extension.  Input is the file's base, returns full path with CSS extention added if it doesn’
1088: Returns the delta between two points in space. The function takes an integer and returns its corresponding angle of view from perspective, considering that it is looking at
1089: Checks if all the given file names are present in one of two lists. If yes, returns true; otherwise false is returned." (
1090: Calculates the maximum possible value of two numbers within given constraints. The first number is always nonnegative, and its upper limit equals to summation with
1091: A function that pads sequences with the same token.  It takes in two arguments, sequence list and padding character/string to be used as filler
1092: This function takes in an array of load balancing node pairs and returns the corresponding hash map. It maps each pair to its respective cloud server id paired
1093: Compute the maximum nesting level of parentheses in an expression. The function takes three arguments, two lists and one index; it returns either
1094: A function that returns the next number in an array of numbers after moving right. If at last position, it wraps around to first one . Par
1095: Checks if an element exists in the list of possible failures.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   "OutOfOrder"
1096: Returns the sequence of characters in 's' if it is not null or empty. Otherwise, returns an emtpy character list .  Code sn
1097: Calculates more stuff in the given input.  If it's already an object that is list or hash, append additional element to its end;
1098: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated values in an array or list
1099: Calculates the frequency of capturing in given windows.  It takes two arguments, first is list with start and end points to define each 'catch
1100: Checks if the given character is an opening brackets. 1/3 of total characters in input string are left parenthesis '('.
1101: Returns the class of an object. The 'context' parameter is expected to contain key value pairs where keys are strings and values can be any data types
1102: Convert Mel frequency to herz. Code snippet that converts given value in Mels scale into Hz on the basis of its position within an
1103: A function that converts the keys of an object to numbers.  It's used in conjunction with dictify, which is another method by G
1104: Checks if the number of 'no' is equal to or less than one row in matrix. If not, it returns true; otherwise false .
1105: Transforms the basis of names.  Replaces slashes with underscores, replaces stars to replace spaces and downcases all characters in string
1106: Extracting the environment version from given string of format 'release - 368' or just return last part if not present in that case."
1107: Checks if the input is in mixed case. 0/1 character checks whether all characters are upper or lower cases, respectively; returns false otherwise
1108: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
1109: Generates the fancy label of Nth degree polynomial. The labels are generated based on two numbers, 'from' and ''to'' which represent lower
1110: A function to compare two lists of numbers. If the lengths are equal, it returns their difference; if not they return zero and stop comparing further elements
1111: Computes all possible coordinates within an n x m rectangle. The first element in each list is its X coordinate and second one Y, which gives it
1112: Converts string to bool. If the input is “true”, it returns true; if not then false or error message will be thrown
1113: Checks if the new and old states are equal in terms of their 'state' values.  If they do, it returns true; otherwise false
1114: A function that sets the username of an object.  It takes three parameters - 'strategy', which is used to determine how and where users are
1115: Convert Snakemacs to Title Case. Code is used in the conversion of text from one case formatting style into another, such as converting all
1116: A function that returns the string representation of an integer number, but if it's greater than some specified limit then append ' + ', followed by its
1117: A recursive function that takes two lists and merges them into one. If the input is not valid, it returns an error message "Invalid Input
1118: Parses an input string to determine if it is in the form of '(turn Order)' and returns true or false.  If not,
1119: Returns the winning party info. – Code to get information about who won in election results .  1st line should be brief, and then describe
1120: A function to get the filename of an input file.  The name is based on Era and id . e..g., "era10"_
1121: Extracting the id of an existing Github's public gem. The input is in format "user/repo". It returns user name only if
1122: Checks if the input is numerically or string representation of number.  If it's either, returns #true; otherwise return false .
1123: A function that calculates the position of an object in space. It takes as input its initial and final positions, along with steps to be taken during
1124: Checks if the sum of two numbers is possible. If one number equals to ten and other equal zero, then it returns false otherwise checks whether we
1125: Convert list of strings to numbers. The input is assumed as an array/list with elements being the digits in each number separated by commas and
1126: Converts false values to none.  If the input is not falsy, it returns original unaltered result as 'None'.   This
1127: Convert decimal to octals. Code snippet provided by user, but no specific instructions given in the problem statement or prompts are available so it
1128: Returns the intersection of all sets in list.  It uses apply and map to iteratively find intersections between each pair, then applies that result back
1129: This function takes in the list of maxima and minutiae values from an image, then returns two lists with all possible combinations. 1
1130: Generates the device's unique identifier. The generated id is based on its sysName, firmware version and hardware type of parent node in tree structure
1131: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from each element in the list.  This is useful when comparing lists of strings to see if they are equal
1132: Normalizes an inputted month to the nearest whole number. If it is not in between one and twelve, then throws error message stating that intervals are
1133: A function that checks if the coordinates are within board. If true, it returns True; otherwise false .'s"
1134: A function that sums two lists of numbers. If they are equal in length, it appends them together; otherwise an error is raised with message '
1135: A recursive function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. If input is negative, return '-' as it indicates error or invalid
1136: Calculates the average length of two strings.  If one string is shorter than another, it returns zero to avoid division by zeros in later calculations
1137: Calculates the kinetic energy of an object with initial mass 'I' and weight ''w'. It is calculated as half Initial Mass times Weight squared
1138: This function takes an integer as input and checks if it is exactly equal to one less than ten digits. If so, then returns that number in
1139: A function that computes the error between two numbers. If |x| is small, it returns absolute value of Y; otherwise return relative difference in
1140: Returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses filter and mem to find common elements in both list .   "Intersect" is an operation that
1141: A function that strips newline characters from the end of string. It uses recursion to do so by checking each character in turn and only adding it
1142: Returns the next power of two greater than or equal to given number. If input is zero, returns one as it's always positive integer and hence
1143: Strip whitespaces from the input string.  If no argument is provided, it will strip all types of white spaces including tabs and newline characters
1144: A function that generates all possible sub strings of the inputted String. It uses recursion to generate each individual character's potential subsequence and then
1145: A function that takes an order of keys and returns the corresponding values from headers.  It uses dictionaries to map between key names in one header set
1146: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. It keeps track if elements have been seen in both head and tail list, thus avoiding duplicates when
1147: Converts boolean values to their corresponding symbols. If the input is already in its true/ false form, it returns as such; otherwise converst
1148: A function that returns the first element of its argument if it exists, otherwise return '(' .  The second part is optional and will be appended
1149: Checks if the given '(x, y)' coordinate is inside of rectangle defined by its top left and bottom right points.  The function returns
1150: Calculates the total number of seconds from hours, minutes and second.   .    Code is defined in terms that convert an input into its equivalent time
1151: A function to construct and publish python packages using twinedistutils package  .   It appends the commands needed in order, firstly building source
1152: A function that returns the smallest of two numbers. If 'X' is greater than maximum value, it will return Maximum Value; if X less
1153: Returns the sum of all non zero indexes in each list.  Used to get sentence length from indexed heads .   "Getting Actual Sent
1154: Computes corrected and normalizes the percentage of each species in terms per unit.  Normalizing is done by dividing all values with their respective ranks
1155: Replace all occurrences of an element with another. If the input list is empty, it returns its own copy; if there are pairs within
1156: Checks if two MAC addresses are within one unit of distance. It does so by converting the strings to integers, then comparing them with an absolute difference
1157: A function that returns the unique groups in an ordered list.  The order of elements is not important, but each group should be distinct from others and
1158: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in parameters 'a' and	'b', which are assumed to be pairs
1159: Returns the first matching Event ABI in list.  If no match is found, returns #f .   The function takes an array of events and
1160: Checks if the HTTP request resulted in an error with status码为'Retry after...'. If so, returns true. Otherwise false."
1161: This function takes an integer as input and returns the upper nybile of that number. It is used to extract only first four bits from binary
1162: Check if both lists are not empty. If so, return true; otherwise false or nil depending on the condition given in parameters of function '(def
1163: This function calculates the classification error of an input. It takes as argument one parameter, which is assumed to be m - classifier model parameters and
1164: A function that checks if the input is lower case.  It uses recursion to check each match in list until it finds one or none left,
1165: Normalizes the input. If it is not one of string, boolean or set then return original value else sort and convert to list if its type was
1166: A function that concatenates two lists of strings. If the second list is empty, it returns first one and if not then append to end with rest
1167: Classifies the first character of an input string as alphapetical, numerial or special. If it is not one then returns 'unknown
1168: A function to trim the garbage in string. If there is no garabage, return zero; otherwise count how many characters are left after removing all
1169: This function returns the appropriate svg file name based on whether or not validation was successful and what type of error occurred if it wasn't validating
1170: Checks if the HTTP status codes are reusability. If yes, then it returns true else false . This function is used to check whether an
1171: A function that checks if the given regular expression matches any of several patterns in list.  If no match is found, it returns false; otherwise true
1172: Calculates the total number of kicked balls in one game.  [...]   .(meta))))))." ) ;; end function definition
1173: Merge two queries based on the condition. If all three are present, merge them together; if any of these conditions is true then return that query
1174: A function that returns the string 'hello' followed by whatever is passed as an argument.  For example, getText("John") would return H
1175: A function to calculate the time difference in milliseconds between two points. The result is returned as an integer value representing how many ms have passed since
1176: Converts degrees to arc minutes. This function takes an input of the number representing degree and returns its equivalent in Arc Minutes." (
1177: A function to generate data from statistics. It splits the input into lines, then maps each line onto another list of lists where first element is key
1178: A function that converts an input into its equivalent of the form '(a b c ...)' if it is not already in one. If given
1179: This function sanitsizes the destination by removing any leading slash. If no input is provided, it returns an empty string; otherwise return only if
1180: A hash table to store the name of different types or categories. The keys are names and values represent their respective category/type in string format, e
1181: A function that returns the element at index 'i' in list. If out of bounds, it will return false or nil respectively."
1182: A function to subtract complex numbers.  It takes two parameters, each being an element of the form list(num real part , number imaginary).
1183: A function to parse and handle the options of sz image compressor. It takes two or four parameters, depending on whether it'll be used
1184: A function to determine the language of an arbitrary text based on its extension. It uses hash table mapping extensions and their corresponding languages as keys/values in
1185: Count the number of times 'pattern' appears in string. Code is written to find out how many substrings equal "patten" are present within
1186: Returns the name of an Image.  If it is sha1 hash then remove its prefix and return else just returns original string .   ;;"Image
1187: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an extended Euclidian algorithm. The result is returned as pairs, where first
1188: Generates the output file name based on input parameters. The function takes four arguments, and generates an appropriate string to be used as part of creating or
1189: A function that returns the name of an agent's behavioral policies. The index corresponds to different types or behaviors available in our environment, such as
1190: This function takes an uppercase or lower case English alpha numerical string and converts it into the corresponding integer. If not, then throws error message
1191: This function calculates the Sidak correction factor based on given parameters, which is used to correct p values in hypothesis testing results by controlling overfitting
1192: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "Fact
1193: Checks if the bit at position 'j' in binary representation of number is set. If yes, returns zero else return one .
1194: A function to get the natural orbital occupation numbers from an input file.  It uses recursion and lambda functions in order not only read each individual
1195: Generates an external name from the given parameters.  The input is combined with '-' to form part of another string, and then returned as output
1196: A function that implements the derivative of PRelu activation. It returns one if input is positive and zero otherwise, with an optional parameter to adjust its
1197: Generates the name of an nparray file that will store noisy parameter sweep results.  The filename is constructed by appending '_' and '
1198: A function that takes in an array of marker data and returns the same list, but with its elements reversed if it's already at max length
1199: This function takes the name of an image file and returns its base filename. It removes .jpg or jpeg from it, leaving only just before -
1200: A function that sums two numbers.  If the inputs are not both integers or floats, it throws an error message stating so."   .'
1201: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'true', returns #t, if it's any of these strings or none/null then return
1202: Checks if one string is subset of another.  Returns true or false accordingly .'s"	   }]}]}],[{ "
1203: Flatens the inputted lists into one single, flat array.  It uses apply to combine all elements of each sublist in order and returns them
1204: Removes the specified string from start of input.  If it is found, returns new version with removed part and underscore at end; otherwise just
1205: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character.  If the input is already in string form, it returns as such; otherwise converts into char
1206: A function that takes an integer between -inf and inf as input, returns the corresponding color in RGB format. The colors are defined by wheel position relative
1207: Split parameters into list of strings.  Parameters are split by commas and returned as separate elements in the resulting lists .   '(#
1208: A function to choose color based on layer type. Conv layers are red, Pool Layers blue and Inner Product green otherwise purple."   .
1209: Extracting version from string. If the input is not of type 'STRING or starts with "@" then return false else extracts and returns it
1210: A function to compare two strings. If the string is not equal, it returns -> . Otherwise , return <>  if they are both empty or
1211: A function to calculate the time required by an electric vehicle's charger.  The input parameters are power, kilowatthours consumed and State
1212: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lack
1213: Returns the credit multiplier based on index of current building's floors in ascending order, starting from zero."
1214: Checks if the given ID is valid within range. If not, returns false; otherwise true." Code:. . :.. .....
1215: Returns the negative of positive number 'pos' with respect to threshold value ‘t’ . If t is less than or equal zero, it returns
1216: Computes the sum of minimum values in each sublist.  Input is list/array with integers or floats, output as integer / float .
1217: This function checks if the input is of type 'tissuesegmentation' or list and returns its corresponding class file name, else it will return
1218: Flatens the field of players.  It takes in an array or list and returns all player names as one line string separated by commas, if
1219: A function that sorts the list of tuples by second element in ascending order.  It uses string greater than comparison to sort elements based on
1220: Extracting text from an HTML Element.  If the given argument is not of type htmlElement, it returns false; otherwise extracts and return its
1221: A function that returns the origin of an admin unit in USA. If not US, it will return its conversion dictionary value if present else false or nil
1222: A function that adds corresponding elements of two lists element wise.  If one or both input are empty, it returns an emtpy resultant vector
1223: Returns the domain list of an URL.  This function is used to get domains from urls in dictionary format .   It's called when user
1224: Expands the given string to include an optional period at its end if it does not already have one, and returns that expanded version of itself as result
1225: A function that removes leading spaces from string. It uses recursion to handle nested strings and returns the modified version of it if there are any remaining non
1226: This function returns the path to pheWAS codes file in given directory"  .  	; Exported Function Definition ; End of Code
1227: Checks if the given string is gzipped. It does so by opening and reading two bytes from input stream, then closing it after checking whether
1228: Returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are negative, returns that number instead." --->(defun max (-a -
1229: Checks if the given string contains any numbers.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   [1pt]    Code : check
1230: Convert the given integer to its corresponding string representation.  If it's not recognized, return 'ind'.   .    Code snippet used
1231: A function to find the median of three numbers.  It uses conditional statements and if/then logic in order tp determine which number is smaller or
1232: A function to generate JKYLL URLs.  It takes in the relative filepath and returns its corresponding absolute url on jkylld
1233: Checks if the given environment is valid.  Returns true or false based on whether it's one of SQL, Flink and Hadoop environments
1234: Counts the unique numbers of antennas visited.  It takes as input an array with all antenna locations and returns count how many different antentna
1235: This function calculates the noise peak of an audio signal by adding some randomness to it, which is then scaled down according with amplitude and frequency parameters
1236: Checks if the input is numeric. 1 - true, otherwise false or error message 'error'.   . The function uses string format to
1237: Compare two configurations. If one is null, it returns true; if not both are equal and the rest of them have been compared recursively then return
1238: Computes the average of all non empty records in 'ground truth classes' dictionary and returns it as an output parameter to function caller, if no
1239: Checks if the input number is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true or 'one line'. Code checks whether given
1240: Checks if the given object is transmitters. 1/0 . True - yes, False no's it isn’t an transmitting
1241: A function that returns the sentiment of an input number. Positives are represented as 'positive', negatives by '-negative' and neutral is returned with
1242: Checks if the source is supported extension. 1/3 of all files are .DOC,  60% -> %d%.
1243: A function to strip illegal characters from the input string, allowing only alphanumerics and underscores (_). The rest are ignored .   Code
1244: A function that returns the percentage of completion as string. If percent is greater than two, it rounds off to nearest hundredth and converts into number
1245: Returns the name of an hiking control point.  The returned string is in format 'character_effort' . This function returns unique names that
1246: Checks if two given strings are anagrams. It does so by comparing the character counts of each string, ignoring spaces and case differences in
1247: Sets the current setting of an individual LED.  The first parameter is which led to change, and second one its new state(on or off).
1248: A function that calculates the score of an item based on its position in list, with lower positions being higher scores." (code)"   }
1249: Generates an artist's name and number of following. 	Input : A hash reference to the user profile information, Output = Artists Name
1250: Extends the input string to make it length of exactly equal or one less than required. If already long, returns original number as is; if short
1251: A function that converts list of strings into sentence.  If the input is empty, it returns an emtpy string; if there's
1252: A function that moves the robot in one of four directions based on an input string. The first character indicates which way to move, and then is followed
1253: Convert the input to table format. If it is already in tabular form, return as list of lists; otherwise convert into one line string with each
1254: Finds the first video in list that matches with given id.  If no match is found, returns false .   "(l par ID)"
1255: A function that takes one argument, multiplies it by itself five times.  This is the quinto easing method of increasing complexity in programming languages
1256: Checks if the child string is subkey of parent. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or null/undefined depending on whether it's
1257: Convert all lower case letters in the string to upper. If input is space, return it as output directly without conversion  .  ```python ```
1258: Checks if the first two elements are inerta and third one is constant. If not, returns false otherwise true .  It checks whether all four
1259: A function to calculate the MUNSLL value of an object based on its age in years at moon's perihelion, using equation
1260: A function that returns the English word representation of an integer. If input is not in [(integer between -9 and +36)] then return
1261: Calculates the number of players in each team. The input is three lists, one with names and two teams respectively - "Crickets" & "-
1262: This function unsets the specified 'bb' position in binary representation of an integer. It does so by performing AND operation with complementary value and shifting
1263: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. If the input is not valid, return #F; otherwise convert it into Hex format and returns as
1264: This function takes in the name of an nMap file and replaces all percent signs with double percentage symbols. It is used to clean up filen
1265: Converts the given level of severety to its corresponding numeric value in terms 4 levels from low(least serious), medium, high and
1266: Generates the solution of an expression in python.  If it is defined as function or method, then returns its definition; otherwise formats and return itself
1267: Remove characters from string.  Uses recursion to remove specified chracters in the given input strings, and returns new modified version of it as
1268: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that converts temperature from degrees farenheight into cesuis scale
1269: A function to calculate the fuel required by an object given its mass in kg, rounded down and then subtracted from twice that amount using integer division of
1270: A function to return the normalized version of an input vector. If 'length' is not provided, it will normalize by default as per its magnitude
1271: Checks if the given path is on storage. If it'll be, returns true; otherwise false or nil . (define *storage
1272: Convert date string to canonical format. If the input is empty, return an emtpy result; if it's too long then pad with z
1273: Transposes the dimensions of an input tensor.  The transposed output can then feed into another layer in your network, depending on its configuration and requirements
1274: Decodes CP 860 - Latin character set from cp encoding to utf. This function is used in the decode procedure of an xml parser
1275: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as stripping out all special characters, digits or whitespace.  It is used
1276: Checks if the input is valid range. It should be nonnegative integer less than or equal to nine."; (code);"\n
1277: Checks if the given string contains any numbers. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned." Code snippet to
1278: Decodes an ERD integer to its decimal equivalent. Code is written in Scheme language and uses the builtin functions number, convertion from hex
1279: A function that takes three integers as input and returns the color represented by those inputs. The colors are combined using bit wise operations to create an RGB value
1280: This function constructs the URL by combining base,dataset path and endpoint.  It is used to generate urls in different contexts like API calls or
1281: This function displays an error message and then exits the program. It is used to handle errors that occur when trying access unauthorised resources or
1282: A function to convert Fahrenheit degrees into Celsius, given the temperature in farenheight as input parameter" . "(F
1283: Returns 'Success' if the input is positive, else returns an error message. This function checks whether or not money can be made from given amounts of
1284: This function returns the group size based on file sizes. It takes one argument, which is assumed to be in bytes and determines how many groups of that
1285: Trims the string to remove PEP prefixes.  It also removes 'Enchanc' from Python enhancement proposals and replaces spaces with hyp
1286: Checks if the input string is composed of only base characters A, T , C or G. If yes then returns true else false .   Code
1287: Removes adjacent duplicates from an array.  It checks if the first two elements are equal and removes them, otherwise it keeps one of each pair
1288: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
1289: A function that removes the trailing slashes from strings. If string starts with /, it will remove all characters after first '/'. Else if
1290: A function that checks if the file extension of an URL is one we don't want to process.  It returns true when it finds any .
1291: This function checks the syntax of all given model definitions. If any definition is not valid, it prints an error message and returns with nonzero status indicating
1292: A function to update the evaluation values based on prediction and target. It takes four parameters - true positive, false negative ,false positve &true neg
1293: Convert the number of bit to megabits. Code snippet that converts given no .of binary digs into its equivalent in MB
1294: Convert entity names to plain text.  For example, @user -> User .   Entity name is the string that comes after '.' in
1295: A function to decode an array of ID'S into corresponding string values. The input is the list and output will be in form as per dictionary
1296: Returns the coordinates of point in plane.  The input is two numbers, representing width and height respectively; returns one number per coordinate pair as output."
1297: Replace the __ with _ in joint names.  If there is an underscore, it splits and replaces first part of name by '_
1298: A function that returns the separating character based on its string representation.  It can handle pipe, comma , space and tab characters as well newline
1299: A function that returns the button pressed by mouse coordinates. If no such “press” exists, it will return false or nil respectively."   [
1300: Computes the color associated with each of three labels. If no such mapping exists, it returns black as default." Code is used to
1301: This function takes as input an array of paths and returns the same structure, but with all empty arrays removed. It does so by filtering out any elements
1302: Returns only the numbers in list.  Code is written to filter out non number elements from given input and return them as output." .
1303: A function to determine if an integer is prime. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm, which has been proven correct and efficient
1304: Parses the input string to extract and return value based on colon or newline character.  If no such separator is found, it returns
1305: Checks if one set is subset of another.  If the first element in 'set' matches with any elements from other sets, it will continue
1306: A function that returns the score of an answer based on how many humans are involved in it." (code): Code to be tested by your
1307: A function that takes two positions and returns them sanatized to be within the range of -8..+9. If they are out side these
1308: Returns the standardised version of input string. If it is empty or not an instance, returns #F; otherwise return lower case and trimmed form
1309: A function that calculates the smoother estimate of an estimator. The formula used is based on average number plus one divided by total count or sum
1310: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
1311: Resolve the id of an object with given name in provided list.  If not found, return nil .   [END] Code:.
1312: Convert the first three letters of each word in input to its corresponding number. For example, 'Jan' would be converted into '. ..' and so
1313: A function that calculates the polynomial value at point 'n'. The coefficients of poly are passed as list.  If no coefficient is given, it
1314: This function returns all the names in an action dictionary.  It uses 'actions' as input and generates output of type list with each name from keys
1315: Convert integer to string. The input is multiplied by ten million and then converted into an array of characters, which are concatenated together in reverse order
1316: This function calculates the speed of sound in water given molecular weight and volume, using an approximation from Einstein' s theory . It is based on formula
1317: Checks if two lists have common elements.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether one list
1318: A function to reduce the degree of rotation. It takes an angle in degrees and returns it reduced by one full circle, wrapping around from +/-
1319: Calculates the derivative of KF with respect to density in terms 1/n .   [(Kelly Fischer's method)]
1320: This function takes in an input tuple and returns the same output as if it were unnested. If there is only one element, then return that
1321: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor function. It uses iteration instead to find gdc using Euclid's algorithm which is much
1322: A function that filters out the empty elements from list.  It uses recursion to go through each element of input and only keeps those which are not
1323: A function that projects vector '(xx,yy)' onto the basis vectors of 3D space. The result is represented as three numbers in list
1324: This function takes an integer as input and returns the next even number. If it is already odd, then return itself otherwise increment by one to make its
1325: A function to convert identifiers into strings. It replaces dots with underscores and converts numbers, symbols or string parts of the input list
1326: Checks if all elements in the list are unique. If not, returns false; otherwise true .'s"   }]], "code":
1327: Convert string to float in percentage format"   . "(x): input value, return the converted number as floating point."    }}}}}}'
1328: Computes the JACCARD similarity between two lists.  The function takes in as input one or more sets of items and returns their intersection size
1329: Normalizes an input list of numbers by dividing each element in the given sequence with its sum, and returns original if it's zero to avoid
1330: A function that maps an input number to the range of output numbers.  The mapping is linear and continuous, with values being scaled up or down according
1331: Checks if the input list contains an '@@' symbol.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	Inputs : List
1332: A function that calculates the next day's temperature. It uses two stacks to keep track of temperatures and their corresponding indices in an array,
1333: A function to calculate the total cost of all items in an order, excluding dollar sign and considering different types like pizza or drink."   }]
1334: A function to convert an old style msg id into the new one. If it's in legacy format, then return as MSB_.identifier otherwise
1335: Extracting items from the Wall of User's Facebook profile. The result is in JSON format and stored as hash table with keys like likes, rep
1336: Returns the sub string from 'offset' to ('amount') characters after initializing it with "s". If negative or more than length of original,
1337: Returns the path of an object, or its name if it is not recognized.  If no file exists at that location then returns '(undefined)'
1338: Convert the given Stop ID into an integer. The first part of it is converted to number, second one as decimal and third will be in hexad
1339: A function that converts the given number of inches to metric measurements. It first divides by ten hundred and then finds out any remaining inchages left
1340: A function to generate trace log messages.  The format is <sender id > :  <message content>  .   It'll be used in
1341: A function that returns the sign of an input. If it're less than zero, return '-', if greater then '+'. Else just
1342: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than or equal two, and return one
1343: A recursive function to calculate the cost of moving from one point on Earth's surface. The costs are calculated as follows - if we move straight
1344: Convert each word to title case. Code is used in Jade language, which converts text into the style of an old man named Jack Duck
1345: A function to convert the normalized point into its corresponding value in an array. The input is three parameters - 'normalization' factor, and two points
1346: A function that calculates the value of an element in Pascal's triangle. The index is given as two integers, and it returns its corresponding
1347: Checks if the given string is valid according to an expression language. The input should be two strings, and it checks whether they are equal in value
1348: Finds the smallest header level in .txt files. It looks at each ## and non-.### section of text to find out what depth it
1349: This function takes an argument and returns the corresponding string. It is used to filter actions in finding process .  The possible values are 'Archive'
1350: A function that calculates the hour angle between two hands on clock. The input is list of hours and minutes, output will be an integer representing time
1351: Inserts 'Three' into the list at position specified by index. The new length of array is one more than previous, and it maintains order from
1352: Calculates the density of an object. Inputs are in cubic meters and returns result as kg/m^3 .   [Density]
1353: Generates SQL LIMIT clause. 		   .eox    Code snippet to limit the number of rows returned by an sql query, similar
1354: Generates an empty board of the specified dimension.  The number in each cell is zero, and there are no ships on it yet . ;;)
1355: This function takes in one argument, shifts it by two units and scales up. It is used to convert an angle from degrees into radians before performing
1356: Convert dBm to watthours. Code snippet that conversts given value in decibel milliways per hour into its equivalent
1357: Returns the position of read in forward stranded RNA sequencing data. If it is on reverse complement, then returns its corresponding positional reversal
1358: Returns the elements of list '(a b c d e)' at indices specified by vector "'(1 3)" .'  		.
1359: A function to subtracting one from the stream id. It takes in an ID and returns it with its last two digits decremented by ones
1360: Checks if the given 'dimension' and current index are at an overflowing point. If so, returns #true; otherwise return false .
1361: Finds the maximum value that can be achieved by taking items from available list. Items are taken one at time, and it is not possible if
1362: Sanitation of input string by removing common English sentence terminators and replacing them with spaces, then converting to lowercase if necessary."  [END]
1363: This function calculates the objective value of an optimization problem. It takes as input four parameters - sum, first derivative and second derivatives with respect to x
1364: A function that replaces all occurrences of keys in the map with their corresponding values.  The result is then returned as string data type .
1365: A function that returns the unigram of each word in list.  If input is empty, it will return an emtpy result set .
1366: This function takes in the full names of people and returns their initial letters. It uses list to store all possible abbreviations, then it removes any that
1367: A recursive function to calculate the value of an integer raised in power. The base is represented by 'val' and its exponent as given at input
1368: A function to convert 1D index into linearized column major order. The input is two indices and the size of matrix in each dimension, it
1369: Checks if the given data is an ISA/X.xx format file or not .   Code checks whether it starts with 'Isa'
1370: This function splits up strings by length. It takes two arguments, one is original text and another argument indicates how many parts you want to divide it
1371: A function that returns the length of each individual character in an input string.  It ignores spaces and counts only alphabetic characters .
1372: This function takes in an ordered set of sets and returns the same elements as they are, but sorted.  It is used to convert between lists/
1373: A function to get the bit at given position in an integer. It uses arithmetic shift and AND operation on integers."   }]], "code
1374: Generates the reachable matrix of an inputted directed acyclic graphs.  The function first defines two helper functions, dfs and df .
1375: Generates the URL of browser based on given IP and Port number(s). If no specific ip or ports are provided, it will default to localhost
1376: Generates random keys of given lengths.  Each character in the key is randomly chosen from 'a' to z', and digits, with no
1377: A function that concatenates the given strings before and after an input string.  The result is then returned as one single, combined LaTeX command
1378: Checks if two histoies are the same.  If they're, returns #true; otherwise it will return false."   }]
1379: Flatens the input list. If an element is not of type '(or lambda or number), it will be returned as such, otherwise recurs
1380: A function to find the nearest item in an ordered list. It uses recursion and keeps track of which one is closest so far, until it has
1381: Checks if the given Tile is one of DORA's terminal tiles. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (
1382: Returns true if the chunk ends with one of two tags.  If it does, returns false otherwise."   . -> end/start chunks
1383: Convert number to human readable format using K, M or G suffixes based on the value of input parameter 'X'. If X is not in
1384: A function that calculates the value of 'precision' in relation to its numeric part. If it is zero, then multiplies by ten
1385: Code to calculate the solution of linear equation ax + by = e. If x and y are solutions, return them else returns 'vo sung ph
1386: A function that calculates the accuracy of two numbers, taking into account their scaling and rounding errors."   . "A simple yet effective way to
1387: This function calculates the decay factor of polynomial regression in each iteration based on how many times it has been trained and tested, with an initial value at
1388: Finds the version attribute of an object. If it exists, returns its value; otherwise return '_default'. . Code is used to find out if
1389: Generates reverse DNS name from IP addresses or domain names, based on the type of input provided (. in addr . arpa).  If an IPv
1390: A recursive function to find the minimum number of coins needed. The problem is that it only works with positive denominators and does not consider whether we
1391: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is cached in memory, so it's very fast even
1392: A function that adds up all the numbers in an input list. It uses let to define local variables and set them equal, then use + operator with
1393: Generates the string representation of DMC tasks.  The format is "domainName - Task Name".  	;TODO add more details here
1394: Finds the nearest neighbour of each point in an array. If there is no lower left neighbor, it returns false; otherwise return its coordinates as pair
1395: This function takes in list of pairs and returns the mirror image. It creates new lists by appending original elements to their mirrored counterparts,
1396: A linear interpolation function. It maps the input value to an output between two given values, with equal weightage on both ends of range and linearly
1397: Returns the error message from an error log. If no errors found, returns empty string.""".' . ')))))).'. ''')(
1398: Returns the full path of given input. If it is not absolute, then adds '/' at end to make sure its an absoute url or relative
1399: A function to remove the specified 'prefixed' part from an inputted text. If it doesn’t exist, return original strings as they are
1400: Checks if the given name is not related to recursion. 0/1 . True or False respectively depending on whether it's one of
1401: Transforms the input string according to given rules.  If no rule is provided, it defaults case insensitivity and appends original word with itself
1402: Checks if all characters in the input string are non letters.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python'
1403: Convert str to bool. If the input is 'True', return true, if it's either yes or y then also returns True else false .
1404: A function that copies the first three elements of its input list.  It returns these as new lists in order, with one element missing if there are
1405: Checks if the given object is an empty list.  If it's not, returns its first element; otherwise return false or nil depending on
1406: A function to format the default value of an argument. It takes in one parameter, and returns it as formatted string with '*' characters inserted at
1407: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial lr by factor of sqrt(alpha), where 'sqrt' is used to control decay over time,
1408: Generates the default KMER size based on Assember type. If it's Velveth, then returns max of [K]
1409: Checks if all the letters in given string are unique. If yes, returns true else false .   "    }" )} ,,,,"
1410: Counts the number of lines in an ASCII text document. If there are blank or empty newLines, it counts them as one extra Line
1411: Parses an XML Boolean value.  If the input is not valid, it throws error message."; (code)_"Possible values
1412: Finds the number of occurrences in list. If case insensitive, it will count upper and lower cases as same occurrence . e..g
1413: Returns the square roots of all numbers in list 's'. The input is filtered to only include perfect squares and then mapped over, returning their root values
1414: A function to get the root of project url from list.  It checks each element in 'list' if it is prefix with given string, and
1415: Calculates the relative difference between two sequences of complex numbers, treating them like polynomials with coefficients in terms from Z and P respectively . If there are more
1416: Replace the rightmost occurrence of 'target' in each part. If there is only one segment left, return it as such without modification; otherwise
1417: A function that returns the DJango version in use by using context variables to store and return it's value .   [END] Code snip
1418: This function cleans an id by replacing all non alphanumeric characters with underscores.  It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace
1419: Combines two results into one. If both are lists, it appends them together; if only the first is list and second isn't -
1420: This function takes two lists as arguments and returns the list of elements that are in both.  It uses an empty check to ignore any blank strings,
1421: A function that returns an error response in the format of hash.  The input is two parameters, one being required and another optional with default values as
1422: A function to convert RGB color space into grayscale scale using the formula of converting an image from one type/space(RGB, HS
1423: A function that calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The result is an approximation of how much closer one point to another, based on steps
1424: Combines two sequences of records by matching dates. If one key is missing, it will display an error message and exit programmatically; if both
1425: Returns the data type of input.  If it's string, returns 'Text'. For numerics return as well named number types like integer or
1426: Checks if the given number is float. 10 digits after decimal point allowed in numbers like .34, -9876
1427: This function checks the validity of various options passed to squid server setup script and returns an appropriate message if invalid argument found otherwise it will return empty string
1428: Checks whether the given inputted text represents an empty line or comment. Returns true when it finds either of these two types and false otherwise." .
1429: Creates whitespace string. If 'usets' is true, uses '\t', else creates only space characters."  	     . "Creat
1430: Filters out directories from the list of paths.  It uses built in function 'path?' to check if each element is not directory or file,
1431: Computes the signed distance from one line to another. The two points are defined by their coordinates in space, and they must be on opposite sides of
1432: Projects vector v onto the ECEF basis. The input vectors are in meters and represent position, velocity or acceleration components of an object with respect
1433: A function to check if the number is odd. It returns true or false based on whether it's an evenly divisible by two, i
1434: Calculates the nearest integer to 'value' within range [bound.m..bounds] using specified number of equal width intervals, and returns it
1435: A function that splits the inputted 'value' into substrings based on character or subcharacter delimiter.  The result is then concaten
1436: A function to calculate the volume of prisms.  Inputs are base and side length, outputs is volumne in cubic units."
1437: Convert the given graduation dates into readable format. The input is in 'YYYMDD' and output will be formatted as per months name
1438: Parses the given string into its component parts. The first part is treated as an integer, representing group number and second one represents hashed value
1439: Checks if the given integer is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to test your function
1440: A recursive function that skips over certain number of newline characters in the input string. If no line to skip is provided, it will return
1441: Checks if the given input is prefaced by another. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message "Inputs must be strings".
1442: Appends the appropriate query filtering operation to an existing list of operations.  The function takes three parameters - one is expected as input, which represents
1443: Defines the function float division.  It takes two numbers and returns their quotient as floating point number .'s one line description of what it
1444: A function that adds two numbers.  It returns the result of adding one number to another, with an equal sign in between them and equals symbol at
1445: This function filters out the unused channels from given list of transits. It uses hash to identify unique ids and conditional statements in order check if
1446: Finds the maximum repetitions of any substring in an input string.  It does so by finding all substrings and then returning which one has
1447: Checks if the given input is blank. If it's not, returns #true; otherwise return false or nil depending on whether there are any
1448: A function to display the given list of compiler errors. If no error is provided, it will return that there are none; otherwise returns all encountered issues
1449: Checks if the string has more than one character. If it does, returns #true; otherwise return false or empty depending on whether there is an
1450: This function takes in an HTML string and converts bold tags into markdown format. It also handles nested <strong><\/stron> <br /
1451: A function that calculates the sum of all numbers from one to given number. The formula used is simple and efficient, it's called "Sum
1452: This function calculates the maximum importance of trajectories. It takes as input an array with trajectory importances and returns their average value, but taking into account
1453: Returns the longitude and latitute of given map tiles. The input is expected to be in format "x,y". For example '38
1454: Creates an element with the given 'label' and child elements.  The result is not terminal, but can be further processed by other functions or
1455: This function takes in an ordered list of group names and returns the disjoint set. It does so by checking if each element is present as its first member
1456: Parses an address string into its numerical value. If the input is in hexadecimal, it converts to decimal; otherwise if ends
1457: Generates the number of digits in FIBO sequence. The function takes an integer as input and returns how many numbers are present before reaching fib
1458: Checks if the given argument is of type symbilic.  If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .   "
1459: Returns the number of oxygen atoms in one molecule with given atomic numbers as input, assuming that all other elements are assumed to be empty and not
1460: A function that performs division. If the divisor is zero, it raises an error message stating 'cannot divided' . Otherwise ,it returns quotient
1461: A function that calculates the timeline of progression.  It takes three parameters - duration, currentTime and End Time . If it is not
1462: A function to calculate the delta between two points in k dimensions. If either of them is at origin, returns zero; if one point on x axis
1463: Counts the number of tilINGS in an array with 'n' elements. The function uses recursion to calculate and returns count based on given
1464: Create an AWS partition based on the given location. If no match is found, return 'default'. This function will be used to determine which service endpoint
1465: A function that converts an input into list form. If the argument is already in lists, it returns itself; otherwise convert to string and split by
1466: Finds unfinished neighbors of each cell in the given list.  The function is recursive and uses helper functions to check if cells are adjacent or
1467: This function takes an input of 'a' and returns the equivalent value in degrees, but if it is greater than or equal to .74 rad
1468: A function that calculates the product of two numbers. If one or both are zero, it returns 0; otherwise return their multiplication result."
1469: A function that truncates the string to 'n' characters if it is longer than or equal. If not, returns original text but with ellips
1470: A function that switches the first two elements of input list. If they are not in order, it returns them as reversed pair .  Input is
1471: Returns the abbreviation of an inputted string.  If it's not recognized, returns error message.";   }}}}}});">
1472: A function that rounds the scores of students.  It takes in an array/list with all their respective grades and returns another list where each grade is
1473: Checks if point is within the box defined by four corners of it and its half size in each dimension .  3D space, with center at
1474: A function that cuts the coordinates of an object based on its distance from origin. If it is within given 'threshold' then return zero, else
1475: Remove HTML tags from text.   [1pts].' . $this - > getName() ;?></a> <span class=
1476: Normalizes URLs by removing trailling '?' character. If the string is empty, returns an emtpy String; otherwise it removes any ending
1477: A function to sanatise text by replacing all whitespaces with spaces.  It takes in one argument, the input 'Field Text' and returns
1478: This function takes an URL and returns the filename from it. It replaces http, https with nothing else than underscores (_), removes percent signs
1479: A function to add two numbers.  It takes in the parameters of both integers and returns their sum as an integer value .   Code is written using
1480: Calculates the probability that outages will occur based on whether users are within their acceptable speed limits, and if they're in an overload situation
1481: Validates ASCII domains. Checks if the first character is alphanumerical, followed by either an underscore or dot and then checks all
1482: Adds the specified 'amount' to each of R, G and B values in given RGB colors. If any value exceeds its maximum limit(i
1483: Simplies the given file path by removing any directory components.  If no match is found, returns original string as it's not in valid format
1484: A function that takes an argument list and returns the command line arguments as strings joined by spaces. If no args are provided, it will return empty string
1485: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using memization. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding fibonac
1486: Converts an integer to its corresponding letter in the English Alphabet. For example, int = 6 would return d and so on up until z
1487: Checks if the game is finished. 1 = win, -= lose or draw .  0 =  not started yet , and anything else  =
1488: Returns the tag of beam shape in string format. If no value is provided, it returns an empty String."   .'    '     ,,,
1489: This function calculates the value of one parameter in terms 𝑠. The parameters are given as input to calculate it, and they all
1490: Removes the score from an object.  This is useful when you want to remove all scores associated with one specific entity in your game engine's
1491: Checks if two lists of tokens are the same. If they're, returns #true; otherwise return false."  [END] . "
1492: A function that returns the appropriate emoji based on job health. If it's over or equal to  16 degrees Celsius,
1493: A function to get the url of an artist in given conditions  .  	Inputs : Country, Genders and API key; Output - URL
1494: A helper function to calculate the number of spaces needed in an array. It uses dynamic programming and memorization technique, where it stores previously calculated results so
1495: A function that adds one number or another, but only if they are numbers. If not it throws an error message saying 'don’ tknowhow
1496: Checks if the given variable is an ID that starts with 'W' or P'. If it does, checks whether its length matches one of two
1497: Transposes the given matrix. It uses recursion to achieve transposition of matrices in Racket language." Code is used by calling function
1498: A function that returns the reference of an object.  It is used to get information about objects in memory, such as their size and type .
1499: Flatens the list of lists.  It takes in one argument, which is supposed to be another nested/list structure and returns its flat version as
1500: Returns true if the next element in 'direction' is of type bool. If not, returns false or nil depending on whether it can be converted to
1501: Converts the VRF name to an appropriate BGP value. If it's 'global', returns default, if not global then return as
1502: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates by factor of epsilon over time, with an additional decay phase at certain points in training
1503: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can distribute 'n' items into r groups with each group having at least one item
1504: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach. The algorithm uses Euclid's formula, which states
1505: Counts the number of dots in an array. The input is expected to be two dimensional and consists only on '.' characters or empty spaces, where
1506: A function to convert singular form of the given word. If it is not already in plural, append 'es' at end otherwise just return original string
1507: This function takes in list of strings and returns the same string with all 'Extra' replaced by just one character lower case, then replaces also any
1508: A function that displays 'Hello, World!' and then exits. It's called good bye in the world of programming .   }}}
1509: A function to convert string values into numbers. If the first part of value is 'F', it converts second parts as number, else returns original
1510: A function that calculates the sum of digit^p. It uses recursion to calculate each digit and then applies it power by using map,
1511: This function trims the string ' + git' from both ends of each word in given path value.  It is used to clean up paths before
1512: A function that performs bit wise AND operation on two IP addresses. The result is the binary representation of an integer which represents network part in CIDR
1513: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were run through remove duplicated word filter. It does so by splitting up
1514: Checks if the given string is an ID of disease. The id must be exactly eight characters long and start with 'D'. It also checks that
1515: Generates an HTML list of GitHub Issues based on the input data provided in .json format."  [END]'  ```   `
1516: A function that generates all combinations of elements in the list. The size is specified by an integer "n". For example, if we have [a
1517: Combines two integers into one. If the first integer is positive, it combines with base; if negative - combine in reverse order of second number and
1518: A function to remove the specified string from end of given text. If no such prefix exists, returns original input unchanged." Code snip
1519: A program that infers three types from an input list named 'channel names'. It checks if these are equal to specific patterns in lower or upper cases
1520: A function to interpolates between two points.  It takes three parameters, the start and end of an interval along with time 't' which is
1521: Flatens given nested lists into one level.  If no nesting, it simply takes elements from original List and puts them in order as they are
1522: A function that finds the time stamps of all occurrences in an array where there is at least one occurrence within some threshold. The thresh
1523: This function calculates the circumference of an ellipse given its semi major axis, length and mass parameters . It is used in physics calculations
1524: Returns the prefix of an inputted string that indicates which type or model it is.  For example, if you have /devices and then devices on
1525: Check if all addresses in the set are present as keys of given map.  If not, return false; otherwise true." Code sn
1526: Removes plural form from the given list of strings. It is used to remove all forms that end with 'es', and also those which are not
1527: Extracting IP address from OID. The function takes an object identifier and returns the last four elements of it as string separated by dots, which is
1528: A function to format the given string as per API request. It takes in an ISO formatted Date and returns it with correcting months, days & years
1529: A function to find the minimum value in an array. If no elements are present, it returns zero as default result if provided empty list or null input
1530: A function that returns an error message when the number of provided argument is not as required.  It takes two parameters - 'expecting' and actual
1531: A function that converts an integer to millions. If the number is zero it returns 'O'. Otherwise return as string with commas in thousands format
1532: A function that calculates the minimum and maximum of two lists. It uses recursion to find both values in one pass through each list, then comp
1533: A function that chooses one random key from the dictionary.  It uses dicts and lists to perform its task in an efficient way .   "
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to Public Url  .'   '    Code : Converts the given google storage url into public accessible one using https
1535: Converts boolean to integer. If the input is true, returns 'true' as an int; otherwise return false or zero in case of fals
1536: Map Ansbile Type To Jsonschema.   Code snippet that maps the given argument' sansbility types into their corresponding json schema
1537: A function that generates multiples of an input number. It starts from zero and goes up to the specified limit, with each step being equal in size
1538: Returns the canonicalized version of revision range.  If revisions are equal it returns just one number or hash if there is only single revison else
1539: Converts hexadecimal string to address. The input is the value in decimal format, and it returns an integer that represents its location on
1540: A function that adjusts the color intensity by rounding to nearest integer and clamp it between zero & maximum limit of RGB colorspace, ie
1541: A function to get the size of an argument in bytes. It supports void, int and long types as well float & double . If it encounters
1542: Convert an unsigned  integer to array of bytes. The input is the number, and output are four byte values in little endian order."   [
1543: A function that returns the crystal structure of an element based on its symbol or name, and it also provides Fcc parameters if available in database . The
1544: Checks if one individual dominantly surpasses another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   [1 point] (def
1545: Sets the current Python interpreter's output stream.  The parameter 'level', which should be an integer, determines how much detail is printed by
1546: Convert decimal scale of concentration to temperature. Temperature is the resultant value after scaling up by factor .0831967, which
1547: A function to sort columns by their suffixes.  It will add 'prefix' of zero if the string ends with '_ids', and adds prefix
1548: A function to calculate the cube of an input.   [Examples] pow_(10, ____) => 976___ .
1549: A function that returns the name of day based on its position. It takes an integer as input and return corresponding string from list ["Mondays",
1550: Checks if the input string is not blank.  If it's empty or contains only whitespace, returns false; otherwise true."
1551: A function to calculate the factorial of numbers in range. It uses recursion and memoization technique."   [END] Code sn
1552: Deconstructs the YAML structure by recursively deallocating any $ references. This is done to ensure that all data in your application remains
1553: Compare two integers and return the larger one. If they are equal, returns their value; if not compare them in relation to eachother using an integer
1554: Checks if the given dictionary has an entry with that name.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .
1555: This function checks if the file extension of an output path is valid. It returns true or false based on whether it'll be possible to write that
1556: A function to calculate the gradient of an attribute.  The result is always positive, but can be zero if both inputs are equal or one otherwise."
1557: Generates the string representation of button presses.  The format is CHANNEL, OUTPUT and DATA . e..g., '
1558: Interleaves two binary numbers and combines them. The interlaced number is the result of adding up all bits in both input values, with each
1559: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when 'n' equals one, returning value of first element
1560: Checks if the given object is of type block. 1/3rd line only, no parameters required.";	END OF SUMMARY"
1561: Generates an array of hashes with the same structure as header fields.  Each hash represents one row in table data, containing id name and sort
1562: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n), where 'previous' is zero
1563: A function that returns the minimum of four or less. If core is greater than one, it will return zero; if its value equals to -one
1564: Returns true if the resource type control is masking.  If it's not, returns false or nil otherwise."   . "Returns whether an
1565: This function takes in an input string and returns the first part of that strings after stripping off any modifiers. If there are no more parts to
1566: A function to format float numbers. The number is first rounding off and then converting it into string form." ---END OF CODE--
1567: Checks if the given string represents an uncompressed Unicode character reference in ASCII form, ie., it's valid as part of
1568: A function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the resultant list after tripling each number, then filtering out any remainder from division by four
1569: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The result is returned as pairs, where first element represents g
1570: Code defines functions to manipulate lists.  The first function gets the head of an inputted 'x' and tail, respectively; it also append
1571: Extracts the first four characters of an input string. This is used to identify unique customers in customer data management systems, such as bank accounts or
1572: Returns the crystal system of an atom. The input is assumed to be in atomic units."'s . '; it returns one line description about what
1573: Parses the id from an url.  It assumes that input is in format /path/to/.file and returns .File part of it
1574: A function to convert an integer into its binary coded decimal equivalent. It uses bit shifting and modulus operations in order of magnitude, thus providing the
1575: A function to calculate all possible sub strings of length K in string S. The result is reversed order as per the problem statement's requirement .
1576: A function to get the column indices of matching elements in two lists. The first list is considered as destination and second one being source, hence it returns
1577: A function that fixes the type of an argument list. It takes in any kind arguments and returns them as strings or lists, depending on their original types
1578: This function takes in an input string and checks if it contains the word 'War' or Fls'. If so, then appending either WFS
1579: Defines the RosenBrock function, which is used to evaluate fitness of an individuals in multiobjective optimization problems like rosen's ban
1580: A function that calculates the linear sum of two numbers.  The first number is multiplied by an incremental factor, which decreases from left to
1581: Clean up the OS string in an input. If it contains 'os' or similar, remove them and return only what is left after removing any other
1582: A function to calculate the plotkinepsilon bound asymmetrically. The epsilons are calculated by taking an input parameter, which is usually
1583: Decodes the path segment.  If it is "%" + "/", then returns '/'. Otherwise, just return input string as output.";
1584: Creates an empty replacement list of size k.  Each element in the returned object is itself another pair, where first value represents index and second one
1585: A recursive function to reverse the string. It uses an iterative approach with accumulator as its initial value, which is initially empty and gradually append
1586: A function to convert scores into ratings. Scores range from -inf through inf, with negative values indicating lower rating and positive value indicates higher rated
1587: This function takes two lists of predictions and returns the same list with each prediction replaced by its corresponding value from another input. If there is no match,
1588: Checks if all values in the dictionary are true. If not, returns false; otherwise return True .  [10 points]   Code :
1589: Adds two coordinates. The result is another coordinate in the plane, represented as three numbers representing x and y components of that point on an axis pair
1590: Checks if the given string is abeceidarly arranged. A sequence of letters in alphabetical order, ignoring case differences and spaces
1591: A function that takes two lists, and returns the product of each element in first list with every elements from second.  For example outer([1]
1592: Computes the remainder of exponentiation by squaring. If 'e' is zero, returns one and if it’s negative or even then comput
1593: Returns the longest name in `nameslist`.  The names are padded with spaces to make their length equal, so that they all fit on
1594: A function that sorts three lists in ascending numerical or lexicographical manner. (define sortingFunction . )"})]])]]]))
1595: Returns the reflection of point 'cp' about line segment defined by points in list form.  The result is returned as another pair, which represents two
1596: Calculates the average of all stored values in 'energys' list.  This is done by summing up each value and dividing it
1597: This function checks if the length of 'cross' is zero. If it isn’t then display its contents and return true; otherwise print that no
1598: A function to escape special characters in YAML strings.  It replaces certain non-"special character"-like sequences with their escaped counterparts,
1599: A function that takes two lists, one of indices and the other as input. It maps over each index in first to map it with corresponding elements from
1600: A function to calculate the distance between two celestial bodies in Earth's frame, given their galactocentric distances and an angle of separation
1601: Returns the list of symbols in Geo.  If no argument is given, returns an empty symbol table; otherwise it creates and initializes one with elements
1602: Checks if the input is of type number or string. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . 1 line function to check
1603: Remove duplicated elements from the sequence.  Reverse order of remaining items in list .  1/3rd done by using fold left function
1604: A recursive function to evaluate the polynomial. The base case is when there are no more terms in our list, it returns zero as per definition of
1605: Generates the URL to fetch comments of all posts in rAll sorted by specified parameters."  [END]  ```    . ``` Code :
1606: A function that returns the AND of two numbers. If either number is zero, it will return false; otherwise true if both are nonzero integers or
1607: A function that performs Rsa encryption. It takes three parameters - message, exponent and modulus respectively which are used to encrypt the given number using
1608: Returns the URL of an NASA'S Sloan Digital Sky Survey database file based on its string identifier, which is used to identify different
1609: Convert the center and width/height of an object to its position in pixel coordinates. This function takes as input two lists, one with four elements representing
1610: Flatens the inputted lists into one single flatlist. If no more nested elements are present, it returns an empty array/vector and stops further
1611: A function to convert CIFAR – one of the most popular datasets in machine learning. It converts integer class indices into human readable strings
1612: Removes an element in the list.  If it exists, removes and returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no change was made to prevent
1613: Flushes the given cards in order. Returns true if all five are of same suit, false otherwise .'   }}}}}}"    }}
1614: This function takes two points in the plane and returns their midpoint. It does so by averaging each coordinate of both input point pairs, then returning
1615: A function that strips out all numbers from the input string.  It uses recursion to iteratively process each character in turn, and only adds it
1616: A function that takes in an unsorted list of items and returns the same sorted by score. It uses map to create new lists with zeroed initial
1617: A function that checks if the number is divisible by either three or five. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true .
1618: This function moves an element from the list to its front. If it is not in, then do nothing and return original List .  [END]
1619: A function that trims the given list of pairs by removing elements above or equal to certain threshold. The result is then appended with all possible combinations
1620: Creates an equivalent clock wise path. This function takes as input the list of points in counter clockew direction and returns it reversed to
1621: Checks if the given numbers can form PythaTriad. 1<a,b> and <c is an integer number that satisfies equation
1622: A function to calculate the heuistics distance between two points.  The formula used is absolute difference in both coordinates and sum of these differences, which
1623: Creates an identifier string that represents the cup prefix.  The parameters are used to create unique identifiers in order of radius, outter circle number
1624: A function to get an element from list by its position. If the given 'index' is negative, it will count elements starting at end of array
1625: This function calculates the height of an object above sea level given its initial altitude in meters and gravity acceleration due to earth's surface, which
1626: A function that converts the given weight in kilograms to grams. If input is less than one, it multiplies by ten thousand and
1627: Split the input string into lines based on delimiters. The output is in reverse order of original line breaks, with each element being one character
1628: Extracts the filename from given path to it'll be used as output name of programmatically generated files in current directory." (
1629: Generates an option list in the format of 'option1 = value, ... , optiomN' from dictionary.  Sorts it first
1630: Convert mathematical notation to LaTeX format using regular expressions and string replacements – convert exponential, gamma functions into their respective symbols in the late
1631: A function that returns the smallest and largest of two numbers. If either number is less than zero, it will return as if by setting them to be
1632: Convert text to SSML format using the Amazon Text Speech service, automatically breath and add paragraph tags if necessary..   [END]    .[
1633: Checks if the input is valid according to its 'type'. If it's of one out these types, then checks whether or not that number
1634: A function that divides the input list into two sets based on whether or not each element in specified columns is equal to given values. If no such
1635: A linear interpolation function. It takes four parameters, two points and one range of the output value to be calculated between these input values in order that
1636: Checks if the given string is indented by four spaces. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . (check
1637: Sanitation of strings to remove hashtags and other non alphanumeric characters. If the string is empty, return an emptystring
1638: A function to get the repository's ownername from its url. It splits by '/', then gets second part of split string which is usually
1639: "Send notification to recipient with given information."  Code snippets and/or description of the function. (sendNotificationToAll . '
1640: A function that pads sentences with the given token. It takes in two arguments, an array of sentence tokens and another argument representing padding character or string to
1641: Flatens the list by collapsing nested lists into one level.  It uses recursion to handle any nestings in input, and then append
1642: Generates tweet content.  Inputs are the Preamable, Message and Link to be included in Tweets . Output is combined string of
1643: A function that generates inclusive range of numbers. It takes two arguments, the start and end points to generate from . The output is list containing all integers
1644: A function to remove 'http://' or '/https:/', if present, from the start of URLs. If no such prefix is found it
1645: Returns the list of operational period by project.  Vintages are inclusive, and lifetimes also include in their range but not exceed them .
1646: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses recursion to find common elements between list pairs by comparing each element in first and second
1647: Checks if two frequencies are the same or one is lower frequency than another.  If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true .
1648: Check if the given value of 'actual' integer greater that limit.  If not return error message else true . (endcode )
1649: Converts the values of Universal Brightness Vector to G,R and I components in accordance with International System Of Units .	     "    }
1650: Convert Hexadecimal to TCP state.  The input is the four characters of an IP packet header, which represent different states in connection establishment
1651: Checks if an input is less than the maximum possible value of one rotation.  If it's not, then returns 'false'. Otherwise return
1652: This function takes two parameters, the URL to be joined and an optional string of key/value pairs that will form part or entirety as data in
1653: Generates an enumeration of the given string.  For example, NLSEnumizer("hello") would return 'NLSHello'.
1654: Computes the Levinstein distance between two strings. The levenshin's distanc ebetween to string is defined as an edit operation that requires
1655: A function that divides two numbers. If either of the inputs is not number, it returns an empty string "" .  It takes in one argument
1656: This function calculates the transfer factor based on current and total number of training episodes, with an initial value set to be one if it'll take
1657: Merges two lists of properties. If an element is not in the first list, it's added to resultant merged property set .
1658: Returns the maximum length of keys in dictionary.  Code is used to get longest string from given input which can be considered as 'data'. It'
1659: A function that takes in an RGB value and its opacity, then returns the dimmened version of it. If opaque is greater than or
1660: A function that checks if the given value matches any term in an array of strings.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   It
1661: Checks if the string contains 'public' or not.  If it does, returns true else false .   Code is used to check whether an
1662: Generates the polynomial with given coefficient and number of terms. The function calculus is used to calculate y values at each point in between two end limits
1663: Check if the file is either .GTF or GFF. 1/0 based on whether it ends with gtf, and also checks that
1664: Sort the list of strings in alphabetic order.  If two items have same length, sort them lexicographically using string comparison function
1665: Appends the second polygon to end of given list if it is identical with its predecessor. If not, then adds both polygons together as
1666: Calculates the perpetual value of an option.  Inputs are current price and risk factor, outputs is due date to pay off in one year
1667: Transforms the input string by shifting each character in it.  The shift is determined using client's receive function and then added to its ASCII
1668: Calculates the overlap between two tokens. The result is in percentage of total length, not characters count as it would be with character tokenization if we
1669: A function to interpolates between two points in the latent space of an affine transformation matrix, using linear extrapolation if necessary . The result is
1670: Checks if the user has permission to perform an operation. If not, returns #F; otherwise return T .   Code is used in authorize
1671: This function calculates maximum episodes based on given parameters.  It takes three arguments - Number Of Hidden Layers, Epoch Factor and Pen
1672: A function to find the minimum and maximum values in two dimensions. It uses recursion with nested let statements, which is similar but not identical as list
1673: Flatens the list by collapsing nested lists into one level deep.  It uses recursion to handle any nestings in inputted data structure
1674: A function to calculate the number of steps required by Collaçtzy's conjecture. The input is an integer greater than or equal t0
1675: A function that ensures scripts are run on Linux systems. If the system is Windows, it append .cmd to all script names in list and returns modified
1676: Concatenates all elements of an array into one list. If the input is not valid, it returns empty resultant lists and does nothing else
1677: Checks if the given coordinate is within bounds of any part in 'shape'. If so, returns #true; otherwise return false. This function checks
1678: Converts polynomial to string representation. If the coefficient of first variable is one, it appends 'x' after number and recursively calls itself
1679: A function to calculate the position of an element in two dimensions. The elements are numbered from left top, right bottom and counterclockwise around their
1680: Returns the next HotFix number based on current Version. For example, if you have '3' as your Major and Minors then it will return
1681: Normalises the text input by scaling it to fit within an acceptable range. The maximum possible value is set as one more than total number of word in
1682: A function that underlines the input string.  It is used to make it easier on eyes when debugging or reading through logs/outputs of
1683: Counts the number of occurrences in string. The character to be counted is passed as an argument."   [END] ]], "Count
1684: Checks if two values are equal. If they're both numbers, it uses the '=?' function to compare them; otherwise returns false .
1685: This function is used to get the value of one specific key in dictionary.  It takes two parameters - 'dataset' and its corresponding values from another
1686: A function that reorders the given list of column names to ensure they are in order.  If 'taslk id' is present,
1687: Returns the id of an element with name derived from its parent's class and text. The function splits on '-', taking into account hyphen
1688: A function to calculate the area of triangle. The input is two parameters, which are lengths in cm and represent sides or dimensions respectively . It returns an
1689: Finds the first occurrence of kmers. If no such occurrences exist, it returns an empty string "" . The function takes two parameters -
1690: Checks if the given string is in language x. 1st parameter should be either true or false, and second one can only take values of
1691: This function calculates the contrast between two gaussian mixtures based on their means and standard deviations, which is used to measure how much one mixture
1692: Compiles the given string into its corresponding number. If it's 'you', returns ‘one’, if not recognized as one of three
1693: Removes the last character of string if it is newline. If not, leaves original text unchanged." Code snippet to be
1694: Merge the attributes of matches in two lists. If no matching attribute is found, return all nonempty list as it was before merging process started
1695: Calculates the area of binary segments.  Input is number and list representing segment edges, output will be an integer value indicating how much space in square
1696: Chechs if the given string is equal to its unicode representation with modulus operation. If it'is, returns true; otherwise false .
1697: A function that returns the position in an array if it exists, otherwise error. If not found then return false or nil . --END CODE
1698: Parses an input string and returns the parsed result as hash table.  The format of parsing is 'KEY = VALUE'. If Value
1699: Removes URLs from the given string.  It does not modify other types of text, such as email addresses or phone numbers that are contained within
1700: Calculates the Fret Effciency from Length of Time in seconds."   [END]'s answer to "What is your function
1701: A function to map an input between two output ranges.  The mapping is linear and continuous, with the range of values being scaled down by 'scale
1702: A function that implements the insertionsort algorithm.  It takes in an unsorted list and returns it sorted using Insert Sort Algorithm .   "
1703: A function to get the application configuration.  This is used in tests and setup of test environments."   .eol; } ; end defn
1704: Returns the coordinates of center point in pivot cells. The function takes three parameters - width and height, respectively ,of one single unit area that contains
1705: Generates an HTML Table of Contents from MarkDown headers. It takes in two parameters, the list/array with all md file's head
1706: Convert PhRED quality scores to ASCII values. If the input is not an alphabet character, return zero as default output .  1/4
1707: Generates all pairs of integers in the range [n,m]. The first element is an integer and represents row index while second one indicates column.
1708: A function that takes two integers as input and returns the result of adding twice its second argument to it's first. This is an example implementation in
1709: A recursive function to calculate the sum of absolute values in an input list. The base case is when there are no more elements, it returns zero
1710: This function calculates the number of qubit weights needed to represent an arbitrary quantum gate. It takes as input two parameters - 'circuit' and
1711: This function calculates the ceiling of log base two. It is used to determine how many bits are needed in an integer representation, which will be sufficient
1712: This function replaces the end of line character with specified string. If no input is provided, it returns original content if empty or removes trailing new
1713: A function that checks if an element is not in the list of elements. It uses recursion to check each value until it finds one which doesnt
1714: This function reorients the starting positions of blocks in an array. It takes as input two arrays, one with block sizes and another ones containing sequence
1715: A function that deduces the unique name of each variable in given scopes.  It uses dictionary to keep track on names already used and append
1716: A function to round numbers. It rounds the first digit after decimal point according as per value of number and its magnitude, ie., if it is
1717: Implements sequentially search algorithm.  It checks each list's elements one by on until it finds the desired value or exhaust all of its items
1718: A function that rejects values based on criteria.  It takes three arguments - the critical Value, and two Values to compare with it . The
1719: A function to convert pixel values into waveform.  The input is the number of pixels and an array with coefficients that determine how each value in range
1720: Generating the list of intermediate point between two given end poins. The spacing is calculated as absolute difference in both coordinates and then each subsequent coordinate
1721: Checks if the given hypothesis is valid alternative. 1st and second hypotheses are always true, third one checks whether or not it's
1722: Counts the number of matching letters in two strings. If characters at corresponding positions are equal, it increments count by one and moves to next position
1723: A function that returns the quarter of given year and months. If input is invalid, it will return "Invalid Month".   [END SUMMARY].
1724: Parses the threshold list to find an appropriate value. If no match is found, returns default limit of 'default'. The function takes two parameters
1725: A function to reverse the order of characters in an inputted String.  It uses recursion and list manipulation techniques, such as consing elements
1726: A function that takes an integer as input and returns the next number in sequence. The current value is doubled, then taken modulus with another large
1727: This function reads the number from .mzML files. It uses string manipulation functions to extract and convert numbers in m/Z values, which
1728: Simplies the output of std out by removing unnecessary information. It keeps only what is necessary and removes all other content from console outputs, keeping just text
1729: Counts the number of leading spaces in string. "line" is inputted as an argument to function, and returns count."   .    Code
1730: A function to convert string input into boolean. It converts yes/no inputs, true and 0s or t f in lower case form .
1731: Scales the elements of an input list by multiplying them with given scale.  It uses map function to apply lambda on each element in provided
1732: A function to format datetime in JavaScript.  It uses the strpttime method of date object and returns it as string with timezone information .'
1733: Convert the given color scale to an equivalent linearized version. This is done by mapping each element in our input list of tuples, and taking
1734: Calculates the enthalpic heat transfer coefficient between two walls at constant pressure.  The result is in J/(kg*K).   .'
1735: Convert underscore to space in font name. 	Inputs : string -> output = converted text with spaces between each word . e..g
1736: Generates the number of sublists in which an element is within clip length from its offset. The index list and cliplength are used to generate
1737: Returns the character at position 'index' in string "s". If there is no such char, returns - ‌​.   .
1738: A function that computes the product of two numbers, but with an extra factor. The result is one less than their difference and then multiplied by
1739: Calculates the temperature rise and loss due to heat transfer in an electrical circuit based on operating voltage, resistance or conductivity at different points along with total
1740: A recursive function to reverse the order of characters in an inputted list.  It uses cons and car functions from Scheme language, which is
1741: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be string. It returns the same as input but with first character of each word converted into lower
1742: A function to convert the string representation of an RGB value into its corresponding one hot encoding. For example, "rgb" would return '#(\#
1743: Checks if the given matrix is square. 1xn or n x N matrices are considered as not being squares, while all other forms of
1744: Checks if the first character of input is one among '#', '&#x3D;' , '%',' ', or '.';. If yes
1745: This function splits the given comma separated list into individual strings. If an item is not found, it appends zero to its place in resulting array
1746: A function to split seconds into hours, minutes and remaining second.  1 input parameter is the total number of Seconds . Returns list with three elements
1747: A function that calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in parameters and returns their sum divided by twice, which is equivalent to averaging them
1748: Returns the mean color of an object with given 'key'. The keys are used to identify which specific colour is required. If no such Key exists,
1749: Convert web type to SQL equivalent. 1/4 of the time, convert from Python's native types like string and integer into corresponding database column
1750: Calculates the mean of numbers in list. 	Inputs : List, Output -> Single Number . Returns average value from given input number sequence
1751: Generates sequence of numbers with increasing values by adding the average value to each level.  The result is an approximation that can be used as part or
1752: A function that counts the number of prime digists in an integer. If input is not valid, it throws error message"   .    Code sn
1753: A function that returns the yellow version of input.  It uses escape sequences to change text color in terminal output."  ```python ```ruby ``
1754: Removes leading indentations from the string. If there are no characters, it returns an empty String; if only spaces or tabs at beginning of
1755: A function that converts an integer to the corresponding month name. The input is zero indexed, so January = 0 and December = -(n
1756: This function takes in the name of an entity and returns its source file's base filename. It does so by splitting on hyphens, then taking
1757: A function that truncates the given string to fit within specified length. If it's too long, append "...(truncated)" at
1758: Convert the first character of each word to upper case. This is done by splitting up input into individual characters, converting those initials in lower cases and
1759: Normalizes the angle difference between two angles. If result is greater than one eighty, it's normalized to three sixty degrees; if less then
1760: Generates blank lines based on the input list. If true, it adds an extra vertical bar; if false or missing value then just spaces are added
1761: This function calculates the maximum heat content coefficient value.  It takes three parameters - number of elements, layer count and temperature gradient as input which is
1762: Generates an article set with the given list of relevant and irrelevant articles. The result is used as input to train machine learning models, where each
1763: This function takes in one argument, which is the string representation of an online purchase. It splits it into two parts based on underscore (_),
1764: A function to subtract two matrices. If the matrix dimensions are not equal, it returns an error message indicating that they cannot be compared element byelement
1765: Returns the color at given position in list of predefined tabulated colours. 0 is blue, and so on up to gray with cyan
1766: Parses the input string to represent decimals.  It splits by spaces, joins back together with periods as separators and replaces
1767: Checks if all the given task objects are available. If not, it returns false; otherwise true."   }]], "code": [{
1768: A function that calculates the sleep time based on number of retry attempts. It has different levels and rates at which it increases its sleeps,
1769: A function that checks if the player's chosen number is correct or not. If it matches, returns remaining attempts; else return -turn count by
1770: Checks if the given character is in middle of string. If yes, returns true else false .'s" --->(defun
1771: Convert all values in the given data structure to numbers. If they are not already, it converts them into numeric form if possible using string conversion
1772: Toggles the visibility of an object. If both objects are provided, toggling occurs between them; if only one or none given then it'
1773: A function that converts all lower case characters in the string to upper.  It uses builtin R6RS Scheme functions like STRINGU
1774: Evaluates each of the given list/array 'words' in terms that are associated with their respective values from an input dictionary. The result is
1775: A function to convert an integer into its corresponding string representation. This is used in the context of malware analysis and detection, where different types or versions
1776: A function that takes an integer input and returns the result of applying branching operation to it. The number is divided by two if its even, otherwise
1777: Returns the overlap between two intervals. If one interval is completely to left of another, it returns zero; otherwise return maximum value from min(a[
1778: A function that returns the positive value of its input. If it's zero or negative, return zeros; otherwise keep as is .  1
1779: Checks if all the characters in string are capital letters. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [END] Code:.   ```python
1780: Calculates the t statisic of two means, given their variances and sample sizes respectively . It returns zero as it is not possible to calculate
1781: This function calculates the rate of growth in terms per unit weight, given two parameters - 'z' and its lower limit ('ZINHOM
1782: Generates the list of bow tie  index files based on given name and extension . Returns them as strings in order (. rev).   "base".
1783: Inverts the order of elements in each list within an inputted 'horseshoo' array.  This is done by reversing every sub
1784: This procedure takes in CSVs and returns the list of lists. It splits each string by commas, then appends it to an output List
1785: A function that returns the string with an underscore character(s).  If input is not of type 'STRING', it will return empty.
1786: This function calculates the percentage of brand purchases. It takes two parameters, one representing how many brands were purchased and another that represents all possible purchase attempts
1787: Calculates the nonsingular relative likelihood of an event with probability 'P' occurring in one unit interval. The result is used to compute probabilities
1788: A function to get the number of hours from given minute input. Code snippet that converts minues into hour(s).'
1789: A function that gets the value of an address in given 'memory' list. If it is at Mode = `mode == 3', then return as
1790: Extracting the DOI suffix from an academic paper's URL. – Code snippet to extract doisufficex .com or
1791: Check if the length of configuration example is correct. (model, 'configuration') -> boolean indicating whether or not to proceed with creating new configurations
1792: A function to allocates clients into groups. The number of elements in each group is equal, and the total sum equals 'N'. If there are
1793: Checks if two strings are one edit away. If they're the same length, checks that both have identical characters in different orders or not at
1794: Checks if an IP address is multcast. If it's, returns true; otherwise false or nil .   Code snippet to test
1795: Convert an arbitrary data structure into its textual representation. It can handle lists, hashes and objects in the form of strings or nested structures; it
1796: This function calculates the derivative of sigmoide activation. It takes one argument and returns its value after applying it to Sigmoidal Function formula,
1797: Flips the order of elements in an input tuple.  Example usage:( flip '(a b c d e f g h i)) ->
1798: A function that generates space string. If the length of input is greater than or equal to 'n', it returns one single blank character, otherwise return
1799: Calculates the average of all elements in list.  Code is used to calculate and return media value from given input data set." }
1800: A function that subtraction of two vectors.  It takes in the parameters 'v' and "w" which are supposed to be vector, then
1801: A function that sums two numbers. If one of the operands is not provided, it uses 0 as default value .   [END] Code
1802: A function to calculate the reciprocal of an integer or float number, given as input parameters 'n' and '/d'. If divisor is
1803: Refactor trademarke information into hash format. This function takes in the original list of trade marks, reformats it to be used as keys within
1804: Counts the number of times an END keyword is found in list. If only one name given, checks if it'll be 'End'. Returns
1805: Convert dictionary to std out.  ## Dictionary -> Print keys and values in the console .   'Dict' is an input parameter which
1806: This function returns the status of Jenkin's jobs.  It uses API to fetch job names and their colors from given URL .
1807: A function to calculate the contrast ratio between two given luminescent values, taking into account an extra factor of 'epsilon' in order not allow
1808: Concatentates all elements of the list into one string. If empty, returns an emtpy strinng; if not it concatenated
1809: A function that returns the nth element of an inputted linkedlist. It uses recursion to find it, with each call reducing by one until
1810: Returns the list of feature objects in GeoJSON. If no such properties exists, it raises an error with message '<geoJson> doesn't
1811: This function takes in one string and returns the same input with each line prefixed by ' // '.  It is used to comment out sections of source
1812: Calculates maximum likelihood estimation of parameters. It is used to estimate population size and relative expression level from sample data, given an initial guess at these values
1813: Convert the given game board to its tuple representation.  This is done by mapping each sublist in 'game' over, and then flattening
1814: This function takes in an array of relative scales and returns the corresponding absolute values. It does so by multiplying each element within its respective subarray with
1815: Calculates the Reynds length of an object with given velocity, density and viscosity.  It is used to calculate how much energy
1816: Computes the orientation of three points in 3D space. Returns -/+ 9/-+ . + /-.   "Orient" is defined
1817: Checks if the string contains any unknown characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .
1818: This function takes in 6 parameters to project points from the camera's perspective into two dimensions. The first parameter is an image coordinate system, which
1819: Code defines functions to build and manage a TO system. The parameters are the priority, delay time of each task in milliseconds; whether tasks can
1820: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two sorted time Series. Normalizes and sorts them first, then calculates MSE of each pair
1821: This function returns the maximum element in list. If input is empty, it will return ‘zero’ . Otherwise ,it recursively calls itself to
1822: Cleans the input string by replacing newline and tab characters with spaces.  It also trims leading/trailing whitespace from each line of
1823: Calculates ideal body weight based on the given parameters . The function takes two arguments -height and Sex which is either male or female, it returns an
1824: Generates the uniform moments of two given numbers. The moment is calculated as average and variance respectively, which are then returned in list format."
1825: A function to generate an API URL.  It takes the base url as input and appends '/apiversion' at end of it .
1826: Normalizes the given 'Reading' between [min,max] range. If Reading is greater than Center then it will be normalized to [-1,-
1827: A learning rate schedulers that decreases the Learning Rate by factor of .9 at every tenth Epochs and then increases it back to its
1828: Convert string to integer or float. If not possible, return the original input as is; if it's an int then convert into number else keep
1829: A function that deletes all occurrences of an element in list. It uses recursion to traverse the given lists and removes elements equal with
1830: A function to retrieve the value associated with key in pair list. If not found, it returns an empty string "" .'s"." "a
1831: Converts basic to bio formatting in the given list of strings.  It replaces 'Basic' with just '' and removes any leading I
1832: This function takes two arguments, an integer and its position. It returns the value of setting bit at given index in binary representation .
1833: Checks if the given input is an unsigned integer. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's positive, negative ,or zero .
1834: A function that calculates the value of parabolic curve. Parameters are time, depth and velocity respectively."   [END] (defun
1835: A function to generate an error message when the CEPs are not found in space or have been used up by another user, and also provides link with
1836: Convert all upper case letters in the input to lower cases.  If no argument is provided, it will return an error message stating that there's
1837: This function checks if the given string contains any of GL, MT or hs and returns true only when it does not contain M.  If there
1838: A function to calculate the number of iterations needed in training. The input is total data points and size per iteration, respectively."   [END] Code
1839: A function that takes in an ordered list and returns the same elements but with no duplicates. The order of original sequence is preserved, ie.,
1840: A function that returns common elements in two lists. It uses recursion to find the intersection of sets, which is similar but not identical with set inter
1841: A function to construct path from one node of the graph.  It uses recursion until it reaches its destination, then returns list with starting point and
1842: Converts the real part of an arbitrary complex number into its equivalent in base 'base'. If it is not within range then throws error. Otherwise
1843: A function to get the indentation level of an input string. It returns zero if it is empty or starts with space, otherwise return one plus
1844: Checks if the string contains either 'Java' or Python. 1/0 otherwise, depending on whether it matches any of these two terms in
1845: Checks if the first and last character of string are underscores. If so, it checks that there is more than one letter between them to
1846: Generates the URL path format. 1/version id /resource name .method Name   Example :( __ urlPathFormat 'v3'
1847: Flips the first and last elements of each pair in string. If there are more than two pairs, it will only flip one at random from those
1848: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two sets of values, one being observed and another expected or measured by an instrumented particle at distance 'd' from
1849: Generates HTML table header row. It takes an array of strings as input and generates the corresponding <thead><tbody> <.. / tbody > ..
1850: A function to calculate the floor of one divided by its argument, but if it's less than or equal zero then return 'Zero'. Otherwise returns
1851: Generates the maven jar name from given parameters.  It replaces . with _ and - to replace special characters in pom file names,
1852: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  The result is in reverse order as per requirement, and it uses recursion to solve problem efficiently
1853: A function to determine which gatekeeping actions are available based on the status of an object.  If it is live, then show publish and other relevant
1854: Checks if the parameter name is not of type display or encryption spec key.  It also checks whether it ends with _NAME suffix and does NOT
1855: Binary search on an ordered list. Returns the position of 'elt' in its sorted form, or - if not found return index where it would
1856: This function takes in one argument, 'scenario', and returns the first element of its list. It is used to get an order from scenarios
1857: A function to align the sequence of characters. It counts and records positions where it encounters hyphens (-). The result is reversed list with indices
1858: Checks if the current position is within an overlapped area of length 'contiguous' on one side. If it isn’t, then
1859: Checks if the given number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
1860: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the first and second number as arguments, then returns their summation resultant of addition operation .
1861: A function that returns +/-/+ depending on the sign of input number. If it's zero, then return '='.   .
1862: Split an RGB value into its red, green and blue components. 1 byte each in the list returned by split function .'s first element
1863: A function to calculate the number of ways in which you can get from point(x, y). The only two possible moves are up and left.
1864: Checks if the input is an integer. 1 -> #True, anything else => False .   Code snippet to be used in
1865: A function that removes duplicates from an inputted linked lists. It uses recursion to traverses the original and checks if each element is in
1866: A function that returns the input if it is greater than or equal to zero, otherwise return 'zero'.  	     .
1867: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The base cases are defined as fib(n,v), where '
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is calculated as intersection area divided by union of areas, which measures how
1869: A function to sanitise the input string. It removes all non-"<><>" characters and returns it as is, or replaces them
1870: Generates tags based on provided credentials, SThree folder information or both values are missing; otherwise it uses either of them to generate unique id'd
1871: Filter paths by length. If the list is empty, return an emtpy set; if it contains one element then just that single item in its
1872: Generates hosts information from the result set of an operation on resources in parallelized manner using hashmap data structure to store results and return them as list
1873: Calculates the potential energy of an electron in water at given distance and temperature, using Lennard Jones's formula with reduced units to calculate it
1874: Cleans the mentions in text by replacing them with their unicode replacement character.  This is useful when rendering HTML or other markup languages where @
1875: This function converts the string representation of type to an integer. It is used in conjunction with other functions that deal specifically within types and their conversions
1876: Checks if the given entry is of type TUPLE. 1/3rds done in .scm file, checks whether it'
1877: A function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses Euclidean Distance formula which is sqrt(x^1
1878: Split the given string into parts of equal length. If number is less than or equals to zero, return an empty list; if it's
1879: Calculates the variance of beta distribution. Parameters are two positive real numbers, where one is usually referred to as alpha and other refers more generally called
1880: Returns the color of positive interaction based on whether it is true or false.  If positivity, returns green; else black/grey."
1881: Converts bounding box coordinates from model to center form, ie., the top left corner is at origin and width/height are half of
1882: Converts list of strings to single concatenated one line. 	Input - List, Output = Single String with all elements joined by comma and
1883: A recursive function to get the index of an element in list. If not found, returns (-)."   }]], "code": [
1884: A function that checks if the number of runs is less than or equal to minimum run. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false."
1885: Finds the number of digtis that are either length two, three or four. This is used to identify '1', '.','|' and
1886: Parses the mask from an input string. The function takes in one argument, which is assumed to be of type 'line' and returns its
1887: A function that takes in string and returns only the letters from it.  It uses helper functions to filter out non letter characters using char alphat
1888: A function that tries to match the given 'text' with one of several possible pattern strings. If it finds any, returns true; otherwise false is
1889: Adds two coordinates together. If the result is out of bounds, returns false; otherwise return true and resulting coordinate pair .   Code snippet
1890: A function to convert degree, minute and second into decimal format using the formula of conversion from Degrees Minutes Seconds To Decimal Format . The
1891: A function to check if the given input is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisiob by four, but also does some additional
1892: This function returns the reward based on how many earned state. It takes two parameters, 'points' and "distance". If they are equal it gives
1893: A function to calculate the power of logarithm. It uses recursion and memoization technique." (end define)"    }}}"
1894: Compare two lists and count the number of correct matches. The function returns these counts as pairs in order to provide an accuracy measure between them, with higher
1895: Generates or checks if given number of digts in locker. If not, it appends zeros to make its length equal with input parameter
1896: Computes the reciprocal of susceptibility parameter.  It takes into account age and population size to compute an effective measure that can be used in
1897: This function returns the positions of all N' characters in given string. It uses list comprehension to find and return them as an array, where each
1898: A function that returns the first vector in list of vectors, which is used to calculate distance between two points on sphere surface .   [END] Code
1899: A recursion function to get the NTH FIBONACCI number. The first two numbers are always zero and one, then each subsequent fib
1900: Extracting the title of Wikipedia page from given dictionary.  If it exists, replaces spaces with underscores and returns that string; otherwise return
1901: A function to calculate the average of numbers.  It takes in an array and returns its value as output."  	    		    }}}}}}
1902: Returns the target coverage if more than five uncover lines are found, else returns half of initial coverages as it is considered to be less likely that
1903: Checks if the first character of string is underscore and second last char also an underline. If yes then returns true else false .'s
1904: Convert the given value to percentage. Examples of usage are converting '34%' into .67 or vice versa, etc.."
1905: Checks if the input is nonnegative number. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or 'true'. It also handles boolean values
1906: Returns the login of an user or 'Ghost' if no such information is available. This function can be used to get other details about users like
1907: A function that reads from the socket and returns it as string. The number of bytes read is specified by 'num'. If all data has been received
1908: Returns the list of all available optimization methods.  This function is used to get information about different types or instances that can be optimized by an algorithm,
1909: A recursive function to calculate factorial of an input. It takes in one argument, n and returns the product from mulitplying all
1910: A function to convert Fahrenheit temperature into CELSIUS scale using the formula of conversion from farenheight(°F)->
1911: Checks if the input is numerically represented as either an integer or float in decimal form, ie., it contains only digits and optionally
1912: Generates the symmetric difference of two lists. It uses recursion to find elements that are in either list but not both, and those which exist only
1913: This function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers. It takes in 3 arguments, one list and another to calculate differences with respect each other
1914: Checks if the given coordinates are within New World. If they do, returns true; otherwise false." (defun inNewWorld?
1915: Generates environment dependency metadata.   .    Inputs : Element, Valid tool dependencies dictionary; Output -> Environment Dependency Metadata Dictionary with
1916: This function calculates the derivative of dy with respect to dx at point(s).  It is used in numerical integration. The points are given as
1917: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence iteratively. The first two numbers in fib series are always zero and one, then each subsequent
1918: Returns the difference between two lists.  It does not include elements that are in both of inputted lissts, only those which exist exclusively
1919: A function to convert Hexadecimal value into Decimals. The input is the string representation of an integer in base 'x'. It
1920: This function calculates the output size of deconvolutional layer. It takes input and kernel sizes, along with padding as inputs to calculate an appropriate
1921: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its base filename without any additional information. If it is one or more files with extensions /
1922: Convert millisecond to second. Code snippet that converts the given time in ms into seconds." (defun convertFromMsToS
1923: Calculates the resistance of an electrical circuit.  Inputs are number rows, length and area respectively."
1924: A function that filters the input 'rows' based on whether or not they contain an element of value in their corresponding hash table.  It uses recurs
1925: Generates the keys hint from list of shortcut.  If there is only one key in array it returns that single value otherwise return all values separated by
1926: A function to calculate the curve of tension in one dimension, based on time and length parameters."; (comment "This is an implementation detail that
1927: Calculates the average sentence lengths in an input list of sentences.  Input is expected to be strings and output will also return as string type .
1928: Swap the first two elements of each list in 'line'.  This is done by taking second element and putting it before, then takes third one
1929: Convert weight from one unit to another using the given conversion factors in kilograms, grams or pounds respectively . If not supported then it throws an
1930: Redirection of paths in the Facebook API.  If no redirections are needed, returns original string; otherwise applies specified function to it and then
1931: Code replaces the '+' operator with randomly selected parent from given list.  It creates new generation by combining two individuals and selecting survivor to
1932: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisible by four, but NOT evenly divided through
1933: Returns the closest FIBONACCI number to given input. If two numbers are equally close, returns one of them arbitrarily chosen."
1934: A function that calculates the value of six hump camels equation. The input parameters are two numbers, and it returns their summation result from
1935: Calculates the median of two numbers in range from -max to +min, given that they are not equal or within one number difference respectively; otherwise
1936: Strips the given 'PREFIX' from beginning of STRING. If it is not found, returns original input as output; otherwise removes P
1937: Converts the given frequency and permittance to delta of conductor's resistance in ohms per meter square."; BEGINNING OF
1938: Counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count how many times each digit from least significant end is '1
1939: Implemented quiclsorted version of radisx algorithm. (define threeWayRadizQuicsorT .sortinG
1940: This function returns the laminae of membranes based on their geometry, with CM being cubic and Fmm/fms as flattened
1941: Check if all elements in the list are equal.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   Code is checking whether or no arguments passed to
1942: Creates the relations between forms. It recursively creates relationships based on repeated lists in input list of repeatable items, and assigns them unique names
1943: A function that adds two numbers.  It returns the sum as list of digits . e..g, ((3489760
1944: A function to create an outlining of the best possible five card poker hands. It takes in two lists, one representing player's cards and
1945: Checks if the input is an integer. If it's not, returns #false; otherwise checks whether its string representation equals to itself and return
1946: Encodes the input string by cyclically shifting characters in each group of three. For example, "abc" becomes "[bca]", and so
1947: Returns the number of lensing channels based on input configuration string, which can be either 'G', or one character ('K' and/or '/
1948: Computes the sum of digtis in an integer.  [...] .   The function takes as input one number, and returns its digit's
1949: Removes dollar sign from string. 1 line function to convert all $ in the inputted strings into nothing and returns it as output .
1950: Determines the overall quality status of an object.  If no specific error or failure is detected, it returns 'pass'. Otherwise return one among FA
1951: Split the name of an operating systems and its components. Returns two values - base part & optional component if it exists, else returns only one value
1952: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisble by four hundred, then one hund
1953: A function that creates an adjusted rectangle based on the input parameters. The adjustment is done by taking into account maximum and minimum values of two dimensions, which
1954: This function checks if the square of given hexadecimals ends with ‘1’. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
1955: Generates the link to Open PeCha project on GitHub based upon provided id of any versioned text in open peerch collection  .
1956: Checks if two trees are the same. If they have identical structure and content, returns true; otherwise false – one is considered different from another
1957: A function to join list of verbs into text.  If the input is empty, it returns an emtpy string; if there's only
1958: A function that generates the range of numbers from "start" to	"stop". If there is no more number in between, it returns an empty list
1959: A function that computes the dot product of two lists. The result is an integer, which represents how much one vector's elements match with another
1960: A function that calculates the value of vfunction based on given parameters .   [END] (load "lib/math")		[LOAD
1961: Adds the string ' model=' to start of input if it does not already exist.  If there is no such thing, then just returns
1962: Parses an integer string with commons to decimal.  If the input is not valid, returns it as textual representation of that invalidity
1963: Checks if any of the elements in list 'ids' are present within another given set.  If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned
1964: Parses issue and sub issues from the given string.  It splits by spaces to find all possible 'issues' in each sentence, then
1965: A function that calculates the size of an object in bytes. It takes as input one or more objects and returns two values, which are their sizes
1966: Code defines the function to calculate area of intersection between two rectangles. The input parameters are lengths and widths, respectively; it calculates areas separately
1967: Convert the given knots to miles per hour by multiplying with conversion factor of .736940 in python, but faster and more
1968: A function that takes in an ordered sequence and returns the same list with duplicate elements removed. It uses hash table to keep track of visited items, thus
1969: A function to convert the color of an RGB value. 16 colors available, blue is #\#f8fffe .'syntax
1970: A recursive function that generates all possible combinations of numbers within the range [i, j).  The number 'n' is used to determine how
1971: Returns the directory of GAMES/SUS and its subdirectories.  The name is derived from 'parser' parameter which can be either string
1972: Facilitates the creation of instrument names.  If input is one or more instruments, it appends _instruments to end; otherwise if
1973: Counts the number of items in 'coord list' that are larger than or equal to given coordinate.  Coordinate is compared with each item
1974: Counts the number of dots in population.   Code is used to calculate how many individuals are represented by '.' character .    It'll be
1975: Converts the given number to its equivalent in Giga levels. This function takes an integer as input and returns it's corresponding value converted into
1976: Clean input by removing non ASCII characters.  This is useful when dealing with files that may contain special or uncommon character sets, such as those
1977: A function to interpolates between two edges using smooth stepping technique, with an optional third parameter specifying the position within [(lowest possible value
1978: A function to convert an integer into its corresponding string representation. If the input is not recognized, it returns 'unknown'. The conversion from ints are
1979: A function to find the largest divisor of an integer. It uses recursion and keeps reducing until it finds one or returns '0' if no
1980: Returns the host name from an FQDN. If there is no dot in it, returns its symbol form as string or integer depending on whether
1981: A function that returns the clip value between two given values. If 'a' is greater than or equal to "b", it will return false,
1982: Sorts the given list of lists by one column. The input is sorted in ascending order, and duplicates are removed from each sublists before
1983: A function to convert memory size in bytes into human readble format. It uses the power of recursion and string concatenation, making it very efficient
1984: A function that returns greeting message. 	Inputs : Name, Output - Gives Hello + inputted string as output .
1985: Extracting column from the given 1D list. If an error occurs, it raises exception with details about what went wrong."   }}}}}}
1986: A function to calculate the power of an integer. It takes two arguments, 'x' and exponentiation number '.i'. The result is calculated by
1987: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
1988: Checks if the input is zero. If not, returns false; otherwise true or nil depending on whether it's an integer and less than ten
1989: Returns the first of each quarter in given string format. For example, if input is 'YYMMDD', it will return corresponding to January or February
1990: A function that pads the left of string with zeroes. If count is equal to ZERO, it returns original String else recursively calls itself
1991: This function unpacks the message from an update of pins.  It matches on regex pattern and returns two values - whether it'll do anything or
1992: A function that takes an array and the number of elements to sum up, then sorts it in ascending order. Then filters out pairs whose first element
1993: Expands the grid coordinates by adding or subtracting 'base' from each coordinate. If both are equal, it returns an empty list; otherwise return
1994: Checks if the given card is in two pair.  If it's not, then returns 'false'. Otherwise,'true', indicating that there
1995: Checks if the given token list contains any of luacall, LUA or Luaskins. 1/3rd point in total
1996: A function to round the input in python. If it's negative, return its absolute value else keep as is . if positive or zero then multip
1997: Calculates the exposure time of an integration.  Inputs are number integratios and numeric value representing ramps in seconds."   .
1998: Convert string to signature.  Converts the inputted strings into an output that can be used as part of signatures in cryptographic algorithms or other
1999: Converts an index into bytes. The input is the number of characters to be written, and returns two byte values representing one character's worth
2000: Converts Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from c -> f = [(C *9/6
2001: A recursive function to find the minimum value in an input list.  It uses iteration instead of recurssion, and keeps track on its own
2002: Parses Manufacturer Data HEX string into serial number. If no data, returns 'unknown'. Else if the length of input is not
2003: Check if the input is number or not. If it's string, convert to numeric and check whether its floor equals itself; return as result
2004: Finds the maximum degree of all elements in an inputted array. If there are no inputs, it returns "-". Code is used to find out
2005: Returns the learning rate based on an inputted number of steps. If it'll be more than one decay period, returns initial value; otherwise return
2006: Generates a version of the input string that does not contain any newline characters. If there is no return character at end or before line breaks it
2007: Calculates the pixel size of an element. If either argument is not provided, returns "none". Otherwise it calcula...'s in pixels per
2008: A recursive function that replaces multiple occurances of the given string in another.  It uses list processing functions like 'list?' and '.',
2009: Code snaps the columns of an input table. It takes two arguments, one is rows and another argument are widths which determines how wide each column
2010: Normalizes the given number of whole units into day, hour and minute format. For example normalizing input as '179' to return output
2011: Checks if the game is over when it's O’ s turn.  If not, returns false; otherwise true .   It checks whether
2012: This function replaces tokens in the given string with corresponding values. It uses recursion to handle nested structures and replace all occurrences of '{'
2013: A function that converts an integer to hexadecimal. The input is the number and its width in bits, then it returns as result of
2014: Calculates the number of intervals in an L^p norm interval, given its corresponding p value and total length or size .'s"
2015: A function to calculate the Manhattan distance between two points.  The input is represented as pairs of coordinates, and it returns an integer representing how far
2016: Generates the command line flags to be used with yacc.  This function takes in an argument list of strings and returns them as one string,
2017: A function to convert the first letter of each word in an inputted sentence into upper case.  If no argument is provided, it will return empty
2018: Converts strings of digits to numbers. If the input is three characters, it conversts them into an integer; if two - convert
2019: A function to get value from JSON dictionary. It can handle nested dictionaries and lists, returning the default if not found in any of them or none
2020: A function to compute the soft maximum of input vector elements"  	     . "Soft max is used in machine learning and neural networks, it'
2021: This function takes in four points and returns the smallest rectangle that can be formed from these 4 corners. The result is represented as five elements of list
2022: A function that greets the user by their given or defaulted 'name'.  If no argument is provided it defaults to greeting everyone.
2023: Convert the input to list if it is not already.  If its an integer, convert into string and then append as many times in order of magnitude
2024: Returns the list of all raw timestamps within given range.  [10 points] .   Code is to get only those timestamp which are
2025: Remove duplicate word from string.  Input is one sentence, output will be the same as input but without any duplicated single词。   Example :
2026: This function filters out the empty strings from an input list of 'Granulures'.  It does so by checking each element in turn and if
2027: Checks if the input is valid Game Week. If not, throws an error message stating invalid GW number range from [0 -> 46
2028: A function that multiplies two numbers or strings. If both arguments are not of the same type, it returns an error message stating what kind is being
2029: A function that converts an input to its integer equivalent. If the given argument is already of type int, it returns as such; if not then
2030: Checks if the input is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true in one line of pythonic syntax."}])
2031: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. It checks if each element in one list is also present within another, and keeps only those elements which
2032: A function to build resiliency URLs.  It checks if the provided string is an HTTP or HTTPS url and appending it with
2033: A function to get feature names. It generates the list of features based on number provided as input parameter, with each name being 'Feature' followed by
2034: This function checks if all values in list are within specified ranges and returns only those that fall into these given bounds; otherwise raises an exception with appropriate error
2035: A function that reverses the order of domain names in an array.  It splits each name by '.' and then reverse it to get back
2036: A function that returns the smallest of two numbers. If it's greater than max, return its own min; if less then get other number’
2037: A function that returns the matching part of text. It filters out non-"matches" and joins them back together with new Lines in between each
2038: A function that deduplicates entities in an alert. It checks if the entity is already present and removes it, otherwise adds to list of duplicated
2039: A function that concatenates two numbers into one string.  The result is the sum of these number in form 'num_one+nun _
2040: A function to set the IRI definitions in Swashbuckle.AspNetCore 3+ API documentation generator."   .   ```
2041: A function that returns the string '¡Saludos!' followed by an input parameter.  It is used to greet someone with their name in Spanish
2042: Generates the last updated cell name.  For example, if input is '1', it will return string as E03 .   It'
2043: A function that computes the dot product of three vectors. 3D vector is represented as list [x, y ,z]. The result will
2044: Calculates the time to open an umbrella based on distance and speed. The function takes two parameters, one is kilometers of traveled
2045: A function that returns the default scope of resources.  It is used to get scoped data from an API endpoint, which can be either local or
2046: Convert TSV data to tabular format.  It splits the input string into rows, then each of those is split by tabs and converted back
2047: Calculates the vapor pressure in Pascale.  Inputs are temperature and density of air, outputs is Vapour Pressur e(in Pa
2048: Trims the tokens in an input list. The number of trimmed token is determined by "maxToken". If it's one, then
2049: Normalizes the color values of an RGB or grayscale bitmapped picture. This function is used to scale down images in order not lose any
2050: This function takes an URL as input and returns the same or modified version of it. If not already in correct format, adds http protocol to make sure
2051: A function to check if the point is inside an image. The input parameters are coordinates of center and radius, which defines what we consider as "in
2052: A function that returns one if the two inputs are equal, otherwise it will return zero. This is often used in signal processing to represent Diracs delta
2053: A function that returns the value of an API URL based on its key, but does nothing with it and always raises exception when called otherwise."
2054: A function to convert latin text from one encoding scheme into another. It uses the subprocess module in python which is used here as it's
2055: Returns the severities of warnings, errors or info.  Code is given as input and returns one outof three possible outputs - Meduim ,
2056: Combines all the strings in list into single string.  The order of concatenation is from left to right, and each element's result becomes
2057: Returns the length of text in given tweets.  Code is used to get lengths from dictionary object which contains all possible twitter data .
2058: A function that checks if the input is of length 'n' and returns it as list. If not, an error will be thrown with message indicating
2059: A function that calculates the proportional distance from 0 to one of two values. The result is between zero and unit inclusive, where closer points are
2060: Generates HTML tags. 1 line per function, no parameters or return values are allowed in the body of each call to _tags . e g
2061: A function to get the folder name from file names. It takes in one parameter, which is supposedly an absolute path of any kind and returns its
2062: A function that sends an RPC request to the server.  The response is received and returned as string .   [END] Code snippets
2063: A function that adds two lists of numbers. Each list represents one number in the sequence, and each element is added together with its corresponding pair from another
2064: This function takes in two arguments, the first being an input sequence and second one is length of each chunks. It returns all elements from given sequences
2065: A function that calculates the number of neighbouts an electron has. If there are less than four electrons, it returns eight more; if greater then
2066: Checks if the given string contains only symbols. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or
2067: Checks if the given string is less than or equal to one sixth of its length. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise return
2068: A recursive function to find the maximum possible sum of nonadjacent elements in an array. The algorithm uses dynamic programming and memoization techniques,
2069: This function takes in an input string and replaces all the hyphens, colons or dots with periods. It is used to sanatify times
2070: Finds the closest divisible number that is greater than or equal to 'A' and less then/equal too, which also has no remainder when
2071: A function to calculate the time window size.  It returns how many times it takes from 'start' till reaching or surpassing point of interest
2072: Computes the product of three points in space. The input is two lists, each containing xyz coordinates and one matrix to transform them into another
2073: Normalizes the name to remove apostrophes and nonbreaking spaces.  This is used in naming files, directories etc..   .eox
2074: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty, return the other as result; if both are non空 and first element of 'left'
2075: Normalizes an eMail address to upper case. 	Inputs : Email Address, Output - normalized version of the inputted mail id in string
2076: A function that removes duplicate tweet entries from the input list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of 'seen' and only adds it
2077: Check the reformatting of version control buffers based on user inputs or defaults to appropriate values when none provided by checking whether any specific flags have been
2078: Checks if the given string is equal to one of several zip related mime types. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether
2079: Returns true if the number of electrons in an atom is sufficient to perform multithreading. Otherwise, it returns false .   Code snippet :
2080: A function that converts all the characters in an input string to upper case. It uses helper functions defined within it, such as 'lowercase
2081: This function sorts the list of KeysPoints by response in descending order. If there are more than "N" points, it returns only N
2082: This function checks if the correlation response is empty or not, and then determines whether it's correct. If both are true -> false alert;
2083: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Usage example is g(36,9)."   }]], "code":
2084: Code deduplicates and sorts the elements of an input list. It uses recursion to try appending or prepending each element in order until it
2085: A function to generate the name of bibliographic references.  The id is used as part number in naming convention ref1, reftwo
2086: A function that returns the feminine form of an input word. If no such forms exist, it will return false; otherwise true is returned and its
2087: Convert time in Second to Human Readble Format. e,g., convert(31897); => '~> ∞' or
2088: A function to build an experiment url.  The input is the root of our website and we append '/exp' at end . This will be used
2089: Checks if the given 'field' is one of several options that can be selected in multi selection libraries. This function will return true or false depending
2090: Extracts the hour from given datetime string. For example, if input is "Wednesday February The Twenty Fourth of March" it will
2091: Check if the input is an Array. If not, it throws error with message Invalid Input – checkArray .   Code snippet : #
2092: A function to calculate the power of an integer with respecto tp another. It uses fast modular multiplication algorithm which is faster than standard recursive implementation
2093: Convert the input to numerics. If it's already numerical, return as is; if not convert into number format using string conversion function and then
2094: A function that divides the input by ten. It's an example of recursion in Python, where it calls itself to perform its task until
2095: Transposes the matrix.  It takes as input an n x m Matrix and returns its transposed version, where each row becomes column in output .
2096: Convert the given list of rows into an SQL tuple.  The input is expected to be in CSV format and each element should have exactly ten elements
2097: This function returns the color scheme based on whether value is positive, negative or zero. It also determines which arrow to use in visualization of data points
2098: A function that chooses between two files based on the smoothing factor provided by Susan's algorithm, if it is less than half of its own
2099: Generates the name of file where linear regression coefficients are stored in csv format .  "result" directory is used to store these files."
2100: Split the string into list of strings.  # is used as separator in split function to separate different options/values from one another .
2101: Returns list of all the county names that have died today.  It uses recursion to traverse through each element in 'County List' until
2102: Returns the package of resource named "(parameterize ...)" . If no slash found, returns false. Otherwise return sub string from start to first
2103: Returns the browser url.  If live cd, returns localhost else it will return local host as default .   Code snippet : getBrowserUrl
2104: A recursive function to add two binary numbers. It uses bit manipulation and conditional statements in order of priority, which is equivalent with the addition operation
2105: Checks if one sublists is the same as another. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length : x characters    Author(
2106: Returns the color of strands in DNA sequence, based on whether they are reversed or not .   -> getStrAndColor() function returns
2107: Find the item in list that matches with its previous one. If no match is found, return false or nil; otherwise returns matched element."
2108: Add mincss stats to the URL.  If it contains '?' then append else prepend with ? and = sign .   This function is used
2109: Checks if two vectors are equal in length and content. If they're not of the same size, it returns false; otherwise checks each pair
2110: Checks if the position is out of bounds in terms on grid. It checks both horizontal and vertical boundaries, returning true or false accordingly.";
2111: Handles packets.  Packets are received and processed by the system, with some default behavior defined in _defaulthandler . The handler is called when
2112: Generates an SQL URL.  The format is postgres/hostName:/database name .  	Example : _createSQLURL("localhost","my
2113: Converts rates from one unit to another. The conversion is based on the conventions of units used by different countries and organizations."
2114: A function to generate the title of an HTML document.  [1pt]   .eoc    eoC     oco      co
2115: Tokenizes the input string by replacing dots with spaces and splitting it into individual tokens.  This is useful in natural language processing tasks where you want
2116: A function to convert the first character of each word in upper case. If input is already capitalized, it will return as such but with no space
2117: A simple implementation of the DJB's Two String Hash algorithm. It is used to generate unique hashes from strings, which can be useful in
2118: Calculates the critical radius of an elastic solid. The formula is derived from Young's modulus and Poisson ratio, which are input parameters to calculate
2119: A function that returns the satin factor of an integer. If it's less than zero, return negative one; if greater then positive ones and
2120: Check if the length of input is within range. If it's less than one hundred, raise an exception; otherwise return original value .   [
2121: Computes the boundig box of given set or list.  The result is returned as two pairs, with first and second elements being minimums/
2122: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion and has an exponential time complexity, but it is very efficient in terms
2123: Checks if the number of requests is within valid range. If yes, returns #true; otherwise return false or error message "Invalid request".
2124: A function that returns the name of weekdays. 0 is Sunday and so on till seven are Saturday."   .'    '     ,,,
2125: A function that multiplies two numbers if they are equal or divides one number by another.  It returns the product of these values otherwise, it
2126: A function that checks if the given file name has any of its extension in list.  It is case insensitive and uses string downcasing to
2127: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "Fact
2128: A function to convert RGB color tuple into string format. 1 input parameter is required, the other two are optional and defaulted as zero if not
2129: Returns the list of all non custom view points.  Code is to exclude any views that are marked as "Custom View".   It does so by
2130: Split date and time from the given input.  Input is expected to be in format DD/MMM Mmm hh mm ss .
2131: Returns the extension of an inputted string.  For example, getFileExtension("test") would return ".txt" .'s'. '.'
2132: Checks if the given URL contains 'https://' or '.net/'.  Returns true when it does, false otherwise."  	;(
2133: Remove lines containing specific patterns from file.  "pattern" is used to identify which part of each string should be removed, and it can also include
2134: A function that converts an inputted String to list of pairs. Each pair consists the first character and zeroes in between, followed by each subsequent
2135: A recursive function to reverse the string. The base case is when an empty strinng, in which it returns another instance of itself with no
2136: A function that takes two numbers and returns the sum of their interleaved values. The second number determines how many times to repeat one value from first
2137: A binary search function that works on sorted arrays. It returns true if the element is in array, false otherwise and #false when it'll never
2138: Returns the class mask of an IP address. The function takes as input integer representing IPv6 and returns corresponding int representation in binary form, which is used
2139: Returns the filename from an URL.  It uses string splitting to get last part of path and then appends it with .txt extension if not present
2140: Converts RGB color to XYZ and then back again using the DIN/USA illuminant conversion factors, respectively; used in computer
2141: Generates the name of an union with types from given list.  Sorts and concatenated names are returned as one line output, e..g
2142: A function that calculates the smallest positive integer n such as [n*factor] modulus equals to 'value'. It uses modular arithmetic.
2143: This function splits the input by commas and returns each individual author or genre as its own element in an array. It also takes care of any
2144: This function sorts the list of strings in ascending numerical order.  It uses map to convert each element into its numeric representation and then applies sort
2145: Returns the key of dictionary that matches given 'value'. If no such match is found, returns #F. Uses list indexing to find matching
2146: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of adding one to an integer product. It is used in generating random numbers based on given conditions, such
2147: This function checks if the user has entered anything. If not, it will display an alert message asking them to press enter before continuing with software release check
2148: Resize the given rectangle to fit within an area defined by 'max' dimensions. If it cannot be resized, return original size as is;
2149: Looks up the Instance ID of an EC3 instances. If no sessions are available, it will return nil; otherwise returns first found'ec
2150: Discards newline characters from the beginning of string. If no such character exists, returns original length as result."   [END]'s answer
2151: This function takes three arguments, the digital magnitude spectrum of an audio signal and its bandwidth in Hz; it returns one value - smeared version with
2152: A function that adds elements of two lists element wise. If one or both input are null, it returns the other's value as is and does
2153: Generates the path to public release of haplotype caller table in GnomAD database, based on provided type and versions."  [
2154: Returns the nth element of list if it exists, else returns #F. If there is no such an item in given 'index' position then
2155: Calculates the mean of list elements.  If input is empty, returns zero as there's no average to calculate from an emtpy set
2156: This function calculates the mid point of two points. It takes in as input pairs or lists representing x and y coordinates, then returns another pair/
2157: A function to calculate the decay factor of an LR schedule in SGD or other stochastic gradient descent methods, based on current epoch number and total steps
2158: Filter out the core endpoint records from an input list.  The filter is based on whether or not there are any 'YES' entries in each
2159: Normalizes the module name in an input string. If it contains '.' or '_' then replace them with nothing, else return original value as is
2160: Sorting the keys of latencies. The sort is done in descending order based on their values and then ascends by key name if they are
2161: A function to get the base name of file path. It uses recursion and string manipulation functions."   [END]'s answer is correct
2162: A function that calculates the temperature in Celsius based on an input value. The formula used is T(°C)(Kelvin -
2163: A function to check if the window size is valid. If not, it throws an error message stating that Window Length should either positive or zero and
2164: Encodes the given 'actions' type into its corresponding route. If it doesn’nt start with @, then just return original actions as is and
2165: A function to truncates the inputted times in seconds into minutes and hours. The output is formatted as 'HHH':'mmm'. If
2166: Parses the major version of an X.X implementation string into its integer value, if possible; otherwise returns empty String .'s"
2167: Generates the filename of training data file based on given id and extension .  json format is used to store train dataset in JSON files."   [
2168: Parses boolean values from string. If the input is not valid, it throws an error message stating that invalid . The function will return either `
2169: Defines the variable 'name' as being equal to binary numbers.  If called with argument of string title, returns value true if it is defined
2170: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the first and second argument, which are assumed to be lists of numbers or other numer
2171: This function converts the given number of levels to power in scientific notation, i., e.. . , etc...(1/3)."
2172: A function that adds two lists of numbers together. The result is returned as another list where each element corresponds to the summed value from corresponding elements in
2173: A recursive function to calculate factorial of an integer. It uses iteration instead, which is more efficient than the previous one using tail call optimization and
2174: This function is used to instruct the robot on how it should clean up its environment. It tells humans about what needs cleaning and waits until they are
2175: Checks if the first list is subset of second.  If yes, returns true else false .'s"   }]], "code":
2176: This function calculates the centroiid of two points in geographical coordinates given as parameters." Code snippet to test it
2177: Convert from one length scale to another using the system of units defined by 'val' and return result in new scaled value . e..g convert(
2178: This function generates the data needed to plot time signal curves. It takes as input an object list of signals and returns another lists with all necessary information about
2179: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
2180: Checks if the given string starts with an underscore. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending on whether there is no character
2181: Checks if the input is valid VLAN ID. A Valid id should be an integer between [(min), max] = {[,
2182: Calculates Young' s moduli of two types, Kelvin and Rankine respectively . The parameters are the material properties in rankines or k
2183: A function that returns the first person who shares at least one birthday with another. If no such people exist, it will return #F."
2184: A function that takes two lists of numbers and returns the summation result.  The first list is used to multiply each element with corresponding elements in
2185: Convert two numbers to string with comma separator.  Example:(1,34).   Code snippet used in the program is .(
2186: Recursively joins all the elements of list into one string. If an element is not found in its associated keys, it will be represented as '
2187: Generates header text in ansi color. 1 line only, no parameters required."  ```(code): "Creates and returns the specified
2188: Returns the status of ZigBee Cluster Layer Attribute.  The returned string is one among several possible values depending on what caused an
2189: Remove 'bgs' from the string. 10/3rd of total characters removed if there is no match found, otherwise it removes only
2190: Finds the index of last watched video in directory. If no videos have been played, returns zero; otherwise it finds and return its position within list
2191: Checks if there are any profiles on the given list of pluggable objects.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .  	Input
2192: Generates help text.  Takes two arguments, the name of an object and its details to provide in formatted string formatting."   . )
2193: This function checks if the given object is part of package. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or an error message indicating that
2194: Convert accented characters to their non accentuated counterparts. This function is used in the context of text processing and natural language understanding tasks where dealing
2195: Extracting values from JSON array. If the value is not found, it returns default "Not Found" message."   .    Code snippet
2196: This function calculates the sensitivity of two events based on their ids, with specific rules defined in its body." .$end; }}}}}}
2197: This function takes in the url of an individual post and returns only its subredit. If no such information is available, it will return "None".
2198: Convert the input to list of numbers.  Input is split by space and each element in output will be converted into number type .   Example : convert
2199: This function takes in one dataset and returns the same data set without duplicated values.  It uses map to apply removeDuplicate method on each element
2200: Preprocessing transciptions to be used in the model.  This function trims and converts all text into upper case letters, which is
2201: A function to calculate the learning rate decay. It takes in four parameters - current epoch, total number of steps within an iteration or batch and initial/
2202: A function that takes three arguments, returns the result of subtracting one argument from another.  The first two are taken as constants and return their difference
2203: Convert an object to its textual representation.  If the input is list, it concatenates all elements into one single String; if number or boolean
2204: Checks if the proband's and pool of individuals have exactly one set common ancestor.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false
2205: A recursive function to find the optimal weight of items that can fit into given 'capacity'. It uses memoization. The base case is
2206: This function returns the block number of each layer in an efficient way. It uses hash tables to map from network architecture names like `resnest` or
2207: Returns the next locations of all possible moves in an eight directional grid. The current position is considered as top left corner and it's moving towards
2208: Generates default names of variables.  The name is 'n' followed by the index in range from zero to `(minus one).` .
2209: Returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  If no match found, returns 'other'.   .'s"    }]])).(lambda
2210: Generates an image link with the given alternative text and URL.  The output is in HTML format, which can be embedded directly into web pages or
2211: Convert underscores to stars in the given string.  This is useful when you want your output on one line, but need it formatted as an
2212: Check if the length of two DNA sequences are equal.  If they're not, return false; otherwise true .   "    ". Code sn
2213: Returns the percentage of 'value' that falls within between given range. If it is equal to or greater than max, returns min% and if less
2214: A recursive function to reverse the string. The base case is when an empty input, in which it returns another instance of itself with no characters left
2215: A function that generates an enumeration of medical images. It takes in the image names as input and returns them with their corresponding medial number assigned to
2216: Convert an API box from XYWH format to TF. This function takes in the coordinates of top left and bottom right corners, then converts
2217: Converts an inputted year of life into the corresponding number in years at birth or equivalent time point, depending on whether it is expressed as '
2218: Computes the sum of squares in list.  Input is given as an element or elements from any type, and output will be square rooted result
2219: Returns the wait interval in seconds between retried requests. The number of times to retry is passed as an argument, and it returns two raised up
2220: This function prints the performance of an operation. It takes two arguments, 'start' and	'end', which represent time in seconds when performing some action
2221: This function increases the experience of an entity by multiplying it's level with .764 times, which is equivalent to increasing its exp in
2222: A function to generate checkpoints name based on epoch number .   [1 point] (provide/doc #f 'code :lang lang
2223: Returns the index of minimum value in outermost list. If there is no such an element, returns zero."} {#f #(
2224: This function sets the bit at position 'offset' in binary representation of number "value". It uses arithmetic shift to move bits up and then performs
2225: Checks if the input is non zero string or not. If it's an empty then returns true else false .   Code snippet to
2226: Flatens the input sequence. If it is an empty list, returns nothing; if not then recursively flattends its first element and appends
2227: Returns the view scope of an image given its DICOM dictionary. The returned list is [xmin, xmax , ymin，y max
2228: Computes the centroiid of three sets or vectors. 3D point coordinates are averaged to get an average position in space, which is
2229: Checks if all elements in the list are equal. If so, returns true; otherwise false .'s" } , "Checking whether every
2230: Convert string representation of numbers into actual numeric values.  If the input is already numerical, it returns as such; otherwise attempts conversion from strings using
2231: A function that takes two arguments, an element and its key. If it is present as one or more elements's reference then returns original value else
2232: Calculates the score of an individual in terms 3D scoring system based on input parameters and returns it as output .'s length is less than
2233: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
2234: Returns the indent of given string. If it is not an empty or whitespace only, returns number leading to first non white space character in that
2235: Checks if the input is numeric. 10 digits or fractional part up to two decimal places are considered as numbers in general number
2236: A function to check if the number is prime. It uses an iterative approach with half of numbers as potential dividers, starting from two and up
2237: A function to extract the family name from an input string. The first occurrence of ';' character is used as separator between last and given names
2238: Checks if the input and output ports are within acceptable range. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to be used
2239: Create an URI string from the given parameters.  The format is postgres specific and includes username,password information along with database name in url form .
2240: Checks if the default value of column in dataframe matches with provided one. If yes, returns true else false . It sorts and compares two
2241: Checks if the given issue is in theme mode.  If it's not, then adds one to its list of themes and returns true;
2242: Generates dictionary from list of hashes. Each hash represents one record in the input data set, and each key is used as an index to access
2243: Normalizes the package name to be used in npm.  It replaces underscores with dashes and converts all characters into lowec
2244: A function that checks if one number is divisible by another.  It returns true or false depending on the result of remainder operation between two numbers."
2245: Convert time in seconds to milliseconds. Code snippet that converts the given number of second(S)." ---> "
2246: Checks if the input is an Isograms. An IsoGraph, also known as permutation of middle and not at end or with same
2247: Expands the given value with its defaults. If it is falsey, returns [Default Default]. Otherwise return original input as list of two elements if
2248: Removes duplicates from the sequence. It uses recursion to iteratively remove elements that have already been encountered in "seen". The base case is
2249: A function that clips the input to be within given range.  If it's above max, returns maximum; if below min then return minimum
2250: Creates an object that represents the specified byte on one of two channels. The first five bytes are used to represent data from each connected device and can
2251: Generates names based on the format string and list of indices. The name is created by appending "<STAR INDEX><SPECTRUM
2252: Returns the normalized version of an input string. If it's sha 3, then returns lower case else return original value .   Code snip
2253: A function that returns the reverse of an array sorted in backward order. The input is length and elements are integers, output will be another list with same
2254: A recursive function to match two lists. It checks if the elements at each position in both arrays are equal, and returns zero otherwise; it also
2255: Generates an Alexandria Top Sitelist API URL based on the provided parameters  .  	;(count is number of sites to
2256: This function takes two arrays and mixes them based on the given 'factor'. The result is an array that's half as large, but has
2257: A function to calculate the area of trapes. The parameters are three numbers representing lengths in minor and major axes, respectively; it returns an error
2258: A function that generates edges of the ring structure. It takes in an integer and list(s), where each element is represented as three numbers, representing
2259: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by both four and hundred, then also checks whether that’ s
2260: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. 16 bit colors are supported, with each component represented by two digits in the range from '
2261: A function that performs some bit manipulation on an integer. The input is multiplied by two and then the result of XOR operation with another value
2262: A function to generate the URL of UTM'S timeline page with specific parameters set up by user inputting their study level, course and sem
2263: Returns the lower case version of input string.  This function is used to get path information about different platforms in which our application can run . e g
2264: Returns the definition of what constitutes an A, B + , C +  or D+  in terms on how many points they are worth based off their
2265: Convert pairs to an array of strings.  If the pair is null or empty, return it as string "( )". Otherwise convert each element in
2266: Generates the difference between two lists.  It takes in list of left hand side and right handed sides, it returns all elements that are not present
2267: A function to solve the coding problem 3.4 in which you have an initial amount of money and need choose from several options, but only if
2268: A function that creates an SQL query from the given keyword list.  The keywords are joined by 'OR' in order to create complex queries, and
2269: Computes the inverse of quaterions. (code): )" . "") ;; end quote block commentary, no newline at
2270: A function that pads the sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length. If original string is longer than required, then no padding will be done;
2271: Encodes special HTML characters in the given text.  It replaces &, < and > with their respective entities to prevent them from being interpreted as
2272: Adds the given 'amount' to each of R, G and B components in input list. If result exceeds maximum limit(i.,e ,
2273: Returns the value of bit at position 'K' in an octet. If K is out range, it returns -9634 or +
2274: A function that checks if the first two variables are greater than third. If they're, it returns "Blob". Otherwise - return 'F
2275: Generates an ordered list of points in the form [(m*i +b modulus), i] where '.' is used to represent each
2276: Returns the median of longitude and lattitudes in given list.  It calculates average values from each dimension separately, then returns them as two
2277: Reads the coordinates of points in one point format. The first element is x and second y coordinate .	Type : Function, Parameters - Line
2278: A function that converts underscores in the input string to spaces.  For example, c__hello___world becomes C Hello World .
2279: Checks if the given list of three numbers are valid. If they're invalid it throws an error with their respective names and index in case any
2280: Adds two points in 3D space. The result is another point of the same type as input, but with coordinates added to each corresponding coordinate
2281: This function checks if the URL ends with slash and adds one, otherwise it appends / to end of string.  It is used in web
2282: A function that generates windows of the same process ids as in an input list. The output is another lists with pairs where each pair contains two elements
2283: A recursive function to calculate the next power of two. If input is zero, return one; otherwise compute and store in memory as long until it
2284: This function extracts the energy units from an inputted value and returns it as per requirement in terms of power consumption or heat transfer efficiency, depending on
2285: A function that expands the coordinates of an object in space by one unit along each axis, and returns two lists with these new values . The first
2286: A function that calculates the maximum decrease in parts between two sets of hobby objects. If there are no more available pieces to create, it returns
2287: get media resource image path.  Returns the full filename of an embedded or external, local .png/.jpg/gif images in your application's
2288: Convert the given number of microseconds to seconds and miliSeconds. The result is displayed in format 'minutes : Second . Millisec
2289: Returns all instances of cloud object storage.  [...]'s the function that returns only those resources which have id equal to '(eql ?
2290: A function that calculates the ratio of two numbers and returns them as one number. If they are equal, it will return "Na" or an
2291: A function to calculate the curve of filmc based on input value 'x'. The formula is derived from some known values and used in calculating other functions
2292: This function calculates the decay rate of an IRB to gate error. It takes three parameters - 'IR's Decy and Gate Error,
2293: Defines the Coq parameter.  Syntax is `( coq param <name> <type> )` .'   '    e g., it
2294: Calculates the percentage of CPU time used by process. It takes into account user and system times, as well an optional 'start' parameter to calculate
2295: A function that converts the given value to zero based on its level or degree.  The conversion is done by mapping each range into an integer from
2296: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on parameters given in input, which is to be used as part or all other functions' inputs
2297: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns the same list but with each string reversed.  If it encounters empty elements, they
2298: A recursive function that repeats an element. The number of repetitions is specified by the second argument, and it appends to another list as
2299: This function converts the given covariance type to its equivalent in Hierarchical Covariance Modeling.  If it's not recognized,
2300: A function that builds controlllers from the given definitions.  The definition of each controler is represented as an element in list format where first item
2301: Returns the weight of swimmer in kg based on their speed and height . The function takes as input an integer representing swimer's age, returns
2302: Format the given string to remove unnecessary characters.  This is useful when defining functions or procedures in Scheme syntax, where it's common not only
2303: Clean the input string. If it is not an empty or null, remove leading dot if exists; otherwise return as given." --->(
2304: Calculates the mean of numbers in list.  Code is written to calculate and return average value from given number sequence .
2305: Checks if the input is zero. If yes, returns 'true', otherwise it will return "false". This function checks whether or not an integer
2306: A function to calculate the score of matching two strings. The scoring scheme is based on common prefixes and suffix matches, with each additional character in one
2307: A function that takes an input number and returns the gamma encoded version of it, which is equivalent to raising its value by half."   [END]
2308: Generates SQL INSERT statement. 		   .'    '..'./'' ''.' './. /...//./ .. // ./../....
2309: A function to return the default user agent string with given prefix and suffix  .'s"   "."))))))."./") ) ;
2310: Convert complexities to log scale in the form of fft, . and params –> logs or parameters depending on whether it is an input parameter
2311: This function converts the value of an integer to its equivalent range in slots.  It takes two parameters, 'start' and end values which are
2312: Returns the weight of an object in its config dictionary. If not present, returns zero." (defun getWeight ((item . rest):*
2313: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
2314: Creates and returns an object with the given parameters. The format of project is defined by its ID, Name(extended), Extendable id
2315: Returns the fraction of how far from center is current position in relation to total size. 0 means at top, .167 mean halfway
2316: A function that processes GLSL templates. It loops through the list of color names and replaces them with their corresponding RGB values in an HTML string format
2317: This function checks if values in tensors are equal or greater than one. If they aren't it raises an error message stating that their sizes don
2318: Creates an identifier string from resource name, number and type.  For example 'res10' or something similar depending on the input parameters .
2319: A function to rename the elements of an array based on their charges. If it's zero, just returns its name; if positive then append
2320: A function that clips two rectangular regions. It returns #false if the clipping is not possible, otherwise it gives coordinates and dimensions of intersection rectangle
2321: Finds the maximum of minimum values in list.  It is used to find peak time period from given data points .   "m" represents input
2322: This function returns the smallest dimension in an inputted array of dimensions.  It uses builtin sorting and key functions to find out which one is
2323: This function converts JACCARD similarity to DICE coefficient. It's the inverse of dice coeff, which is used in medical image
2324: Merge all the strings in an array into one.  The result is then converted to lowercase and returned as output of function mergeToStrings
2325: This function calculates the heat flux in watts per square meter given an amount of sensibly heated area and its density, which is assumed to be
2326: Calculates the pooling probability of two samples with equal numbers in each sample.  The formula is derived from Bayes' theorem and assumes that both
2327: Checks if two points are adjacent to each other within the given position wiggliness.  If they're, it returns true; otherwise
2328: Returns the total number of items in an object. If it's not one type, returns zero."}`; `{#f #t
2329: Calculates the bandwidth of an ERB signal in dB/Hz based on frequency response curve data from FCC's ETSI EN Standard A
2330: This function calculates the amount of money to be transferred from account 'a' in relation with another accounts balance. The calculation is based on relative weight
2331: A function to compute the tangent of an angle in radians.  The input is assumed as Cosine value and output will be Tangents
2332: Finds the first file in list that contains string. If no such files exist, returns null object of type 'null'.  	     .
2333: Checks if the input is 'y' or yes.  Returns #true in case of y/Y, otherwise returns false .   Code sn
2334: This function takes in an array of volumes and reorders them by the first element. It does so using list comprehension to iteratively select each volume
2335: Returns the href attribute of an object.  If it is not defined, returns #f .   This function will be used to generate class names in
2336: A function that returns the highest and lowest peaks in an array of numbers. It uses recursion to iteratively check each number, if it is higher
2337: Convert an object to list. If the input is not of type 'List', convert it into one by wrapping in parentheses and appending
2338: A recursive function to solve the knapSACK problem. It takes two parameters, 'CAPACITY' and an ITEM list which
2339: Returns the value of 'parameter' in config or returns its own defaults if not found.  It is used to get configuration parameters from an installation .
2340: A function that clamps the input to be within specific range. If it's less than min, return minimum value; if greater then max and
2341: Convert an array of strings to numbers. 1st level map function converts each element in the list into its numeric equivalent, and then second
2342: A function to generate the list of gifts given by counting from one. It uses recursion and map/filter functions, returning all possible combinations as strings
2343: A function that calculates the product of all numbers except itself in an array.  It uses recursion to calculate each number' s multiplied by
2344: Converts the configuration of DFTTK to E.Speech format using recursive function calls and map operations in Scheme programming language."
2345: Convert all strings in the list to floats.  If any of them cannot be converted, return an error message stating that it is not possible or
2346: Checks if the given list of directories contain all necessary files.  If not, it returns #false; otherwise return true .   "exes
2347: Checks if the input is an SA ID number. It should be exactly ten digits long and can start with zero or one digit, but cannot
2348: Checks if the line of text has numbers in ascending order. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message "Error". It
2349: Checks if the given input is an integer.  If it's scalar, then returns true; otherwise false." (code/plain
2350: Checks if an identifier is exportable. If the first character of its name equals '_', it's considered as not being in scope and thus
2351: Calculates the number of bits in RSA keys. This function is used to determine how many bytes are required per key size when generating an encryption algorithm
2352: Normalises the service names. – Replaces hyphens and underscores with spaces, downcases all characters in string .   -> _
2353: A function to calculate the hour rate of an employee. The input is total hours worked and number or minutes in cycles, returns average daily wage per hire
2354: A function that expands an array by multiplying each element with the given factor.  The result is then reduced to one value using map and l
2355: A function that takes in comma separated string and returns list of keyword value pairs. If the input is not valid, it will return an empty List."
2356: A function that performs division of two numbers. If the second number is not positive, it will perform floor and ceiling operations on both operands respectively before
2357: A function that converts string to safe format. It replaces non alphanumeric characters with question marks (?). If the input is not valid
2358: Converts Julian day to Modified julien date  .   "JD" is the number of days since midnight on January first,
2359: Calculates the score of solution. The function takes three parameters - two numbers and one number as input, then calcula...' . $3$
2360: Returns the name of an Image.  If it is sha1 hash then remove its prefix and return else just returns original string .   ;;"Image
2361: A function to map the given 'Severities' into their corresponding numeric values. 0 = Low,  69= Meduim
2362: Scales the input by multiplying it with given scale. – Code explanation and usage example .   -> scaled_signal = sc(input
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. 10% more or less than their average value is considered as an increase, decrease and equal to
2364: A function that sums the products of two numbers from three different lists if their sum is less than or equal to 'two thousand twenty'. If not,
2365: A function to convert string into file name format by replacing special characters with underscores or dots, and removing spaces in between them .  For example
2366: A function that takes in an argument and checks if it is either of type 'string' or ‘symbol’. If the input matches one,
2367: Convert Height from feet and inch to centimeter using the conversion factor of one Foot = 76 cm, One Inch = .9 Centimet
2368: A function that returns the name of month given its number and an argument. If invalid, it will return 'invalid' + validated input as string
2369: Calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers. The function takes as input an ordered pair and returns its average value, which is calculated by subtracting
2370: A function to calculate the repetition time of an object in milliseconds based on its size and density, with optional parameters specifying number or type
2371: Flatens the list by recursively calling itself on each element of it. If an item is not another List, then return that Item as Is and
2372: A function that maps the first and second elements of each pair in an input list to create new pairs. If index is even, it takes only one
2373: Creates an integer that is the positive version of input. If it's negative, then adds length to make its absolute value nonnegative and returns
2374: Checks if the set of elements in 'app' is subset or equal to those found within another collection.  If it finds any difference, returns
2375: A recursive function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The base case is when the input number 'i' becomes less than or equal one
2376: Checks if two domains are equal.  It does so by comparing the lowercased version of both strings, appended with '.' and then
2377: Returns the size of top 'K' largest elements in list.  Code is written to handle large lists efficiently and quickly by using recursion with an
2378: This function takes in one argument, which is presumably the name of an external module. It returns that same string if it's already been converted
2379: A recursive function to compute the integer square root. It uses an iterative method of successively halving and checking if it's close enough
2380: Checks if all characters in the string are unique. 1 line solution using list comprehension and builtin functions." Code is to
2381: A function that sends an email to the recipient with information about what is happening.  It also includes some text indicating it's trying again later if
2382: A function to calculate the area of triangle. Input is two parameters - 'base' and	'height'. Returns result as an integer or float value."
2383: Returns the year from date string. If not found, returns nil; else return it as integer value of that specific format in given input . e..
2384: Checks if the given object is scalar.  Scalars are numbers, strings and bytes that do not have any sequence or input/ output ports attached
2385: This function takes in the name of an image and returns its id. If it is not .jpeg, then return original filename as string else extract
2386: Finds the position of an element in vector. If not found, returns (-).   .:: Code :: findLower(x ,vec ) =
2387: Convert degrees to gradian. Code snippet that converts the given number of degree into radiant conversion factor, which is used in trigon
2388: Remove all keys that are not symbols.  This is useful when you want to remove data from the dictionary, but only if it's actually there
2389: A function to convert an IP address into its integer representation.  The input is expected in binary format, and the output will be returned as string with
2390: Convert the given routes into an array of strings.  Each element is either name or dict object with .value set to its corresponding path segment, and
2391: A function that returns the separators used in CSV files.  It takes one argument, which is either 'comman',	'tab' or
2392: Generates an URL from the given file system paths, replacing slashes with hyphens and adding .html to it if not already present in url format
2393: Predicts the accuracy of predictions. If both lists are empty, returns zero as there is no prediction to compare with actual values; if one list
2394: A recursive function that finds all occurrences of sublists in one list. It checks each element against another, if they match it is added
2395: Generates HOIDs from family id. The length of the string is fixed to be seven characters long and prefixed with 'H' followed
2396: Checks if the given object is an arbore.  It's assumed that it has 'region', and neurites, as well possibly
2397: Checks if the given list of playing hands has any pair. If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no pairs in
2398: Checks if the temperature is within range.  If it's below or above certain percentage of threshhold, returns true; otherwise false."
2399: A linear interpolation function.  It takes four parameters, two of which are the coordinates on one line and another is used to determine where along that
2400: Check if the given path contains data, sim or real part.  If so returns true else false .   Code checks whether it's train/
2401: Check if two spans are equal.  If they do not match exactly then return false otherwise true . ...]]))))."}}]}],
2402: This function filters out empty values from the given dictionary.  It does so by iterating over each key in dict and removing it if its value is
2403: Calculates the total intakes of calories based on BMR and Activity Levels" .'   '(bmr,activity level).''))
2404: A function that raises an exception if its argument is equal to the number 'arg'. If not, it simply returns itself. The test fn will raise
2405: A function to join the current namespaces with an identifier.  If no specific	namespacing is required, it will return only one part of
2406: A function that removes the .css extension from filenames.  It's used to convert stly files into css format in web development tools
2407: A function that partitions the given list into 'v' equal parts. Each part is represented as an array of numbers in ascending order, and each
2408: Returns the list of files that are not in 'allfiles' but still need to be transferred.  It uses recursion and member function from Sche
2409: Checks if the tree is balanced. A binary trees are considered to be "Balance" when each level of depth has only one element difference from
2410: Finds the peak in an array. If there is no maximum, it returns false; otherwise return that value." Code snippet
2411: A function to create hash value from string. It uses recursion and the principle of division method, which is used in creating an integer that can be
2412: A function that takes three arguments and returns the result of adding two multiplied by one less than third.  The multiplication is done with addition, then
2413: Returns the type of schema property.  If it's list and contains 'NULL', then returns its parent element, else return itself as is .
2414: A function that creates an equation line.  It takes three parameters, multiplies the first two and adds them together with third parameter as bias to create
2415: A recursive function to count the number of ways change can be made up. It uses dynamic programming approach by storing intermediate results in an array, thus
2416: A function that creates an empty string of dashes.  It takes one argument, the length to be created and returns it as dash strings with equal
2417: This function takes in an ordered tuple span and returns the same input if it is not disjoint. If there are multiple tuples with equal first elements
2418: A function that returns the correct form of an English word based on its number. If it's not one or minus, then return as is else
2419: Checks if the input string is blank. 1/3 of total lines are considered as "Blank"."  	     .
2420: Update the dictionary 'b' in place with values from another.  The keys of both dictionaries are used to update each other, and only if
2421: Returns the pair of elements with highest priority.  Code is used to add one more element in list and return it alongwith its original value as result
2422: A function that takes two cards and returns their joint representation.  It uses the format string to combine them into one line of text."   [END
2423: Returns the type of edit needed to change one string into another. If they are identical, returns 'Identity'. Otherwise if their lowercased versions match
2424: Checks if the given value is function.  It's an OR condition that checks whether it’re either of two conditions are true, or
2425: Returns the parameters of an efficientNet variant with given name, or null if not found."  	;commented by me to explain what it does
2426: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization, reducing the number of calculations by storing previously calculated results in an array or hash
2427: Converts an unsigned int to bytes. The input is two parameters, first one being number of bits in each part which should be converted from decimal
2428: Generates the normalized name of an element with its tag and score.  The methods stack is also included in normalization process as it can be useful to
2429: Generates the output subfolders based on input parameters.  It is used to organize files into different folders according their content and usage patterns .
2430: Returns the list of discard segments in terms that are applicable to given parameters. If it is not valid then returns an empty array . The function takes
2431: A function that generates the FIBONACCI sequence up to nth term. The first two terms are 'n' and its previous one,
2432: A recursive function to segment temporal data. It takes in two parameters, the list of time points and an integer representing minimum duration between each segmentation point
2433: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence at given index. The first two numbers in fibonacci are always zero and one respectively
2434: Replace the timezone of UTC by its equivalent in local. If it's less than or equal to -4, return as is; if
2435: This function maps the input value from one range to another. It's used when you want your programmers/users not only know what they are
2436: Clean the file name by removing .CSV extension.   Code snippet to clean up filenames in csv format using python's
2437: Checks if the given number is binary palidromic. A sequence of numbers where each digit in its representation corresponds to two bits, starting from
2438: Break the input string into separate word list.  This is done by splitting on spaces, returning each individual segment as an element of another sequence type in
2439: A function that adds sign to the given integer. If it's positive, returns ' + ', otherwise return '' .   Code is used in other
2440: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit. It takes one argument, the value in degrees of celisus and returns
2441: This function calculates the pump time in minutes.  It takes two parameters - 'Duration' and an optional parameter called "Bias". If no
2442: A function to remove leading and trailing spaces from string.  It uses the built in '(remove/delete ...)' method of strings."
2443: Calculates the horizontal speed of an object given its initial position and final destination in meters per second, assuming constant acceleration due to gravity .  1 hour
2444: This function checks if the given 'distance' is greater than or equal to our current viewing range. If it isn’t, we display its value
2445: Returns the conjugation of two complex numbers.  The result is another number that represents one halfway point between inputted values in terms as real and
2446: Flatens the given list of term objects. If any element is not an object or if it's dictionary, then flatterning stops and returns
2447: A tail recursive function to add two numbers. It uses the principle of adding one number by itself until it reaches zero, then returns that summed
2448: Returns the canonical name of an Entity. If it is one among all users, 'All Users', if authenticates user then returns its own username
2449: Checks if the input is 'YES' or yes.  If not, it returns false and otherwise true .   Code snippet to
2450: Builds an affine transformation matrix.  The parameters are the upper left x, y coordinates of where to draw on screen and resolution in pixels per
2451: Returns the last letter of input string. Code snippet to find out if two strings are anagrams or not, and also returns their common
2452: Checks if the given object is an SARIF report.  It checks whether it has $scheam key with value containing 'Sonarr
2453: A function to check if the bit at given position is set in binary representation of number. If yes, return true else false .
2454: Calculates and returns an array of two elements that represent minimum & maximum indices within which we should look at downloading data from given url(s). If
2455: Returns the list of verbs as text.  For example, if given [(verb1 . rest)] it will return 'verboin'. If
2456: A function to get the URL of an NHL Player's profile from their unique id in API endpoint .  '(http//www..net
2457: Create an Event Message. – A function that creates and returns the message to be sent in response of user interaction with system or application .   --
2458: Duplicates the elements in an inputted List.  The function takes as its parameter, one element from any kind(s), and returns another
2459: Fixes the drum hit sounds in Taïko. It takes two arguments, 'ticks' and	' h .s o n s e c
2460: A function that returns the name of an employee's supervisor. If no such information is available, it will return NULL or 'NONE'.
2461: Checks if the given string is an URL.  It uses regex to match against common patterns of urls in text files or strings passed into it
2462: Finds the first occurrence of an element in list. If not found, returns -ve number indicating no such elements exist . It is used to find
2463: Validates if the input is of type 'List'. If not, it throws an error.  "option": name given to variable holding parameter;
2464: A function to interpolation between two values based on the parameter 't'.  If T is within range of [a,b], then it returns
2465: This function returns the length of one or more consecutive sequences in which all characters are identical. If there is no such sequence, it will return zero."
2466: A function to create URLs from flairs.  If the input is already an url, it returns as such otherwise appending 'http:/'
2467: Checks if the given object is an operator. The arity of operators are either zero, one or two arguments and they have to be less than
2468: This function calculates the Bernstein basis functions and their derivatives. The parameters are length, degree(dof), inner product factor,(innerproductfactor
2469: A function to calculate the MahaalaNobiS distance between two sets of data points, using Hubert's formula or another similar method if
2470: Returns the list of values corresponding to given 'keys' in each tuple from inputted "items". If any value is null, it will be filtered
2471: Generates the URL of Biocoq data experiment tarballs from given parameters – Package, PACKAGE VERSION and BIOC
2472: A function to check if all characters in the input are unique. It does so by iterating over each character of an initial empty list, and checking
2473: Returns the name of lambda scheduler event function.  The string is appended with - and '-' to form "stacknmae"-
2474: Finds the smallest value in an array. It uses list comprehension to iteratively compare each element with current minimum and update if necessary, thus finding
2475: A function to calculate the CatMulRom spline interpolation at one point with four points given as input parameters, using cubic polynomials in each
2476: Processes the data in an array of images and returns only their URLs, ID'S , names & texts .   [END] Code Summary
2477: Parses the given list of results and returns them as strings.  If no result is found, it will return an empty array or '()
2478: This function checks if the given constraints are met. If they're not, it returns an appropriate value based on whether or no there is any violation
2479: A function that takes two arguments, performs division and returns the result.  Code is divided by given 'Divisior'.   .eox"
2480: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and returns its area.  It calculates it by subtracting x1, y0 from both sides
2481: Computes the F measure of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero it returns zeros otherwise comput
2482: This program prints the command line arguments it was called with. It's very simple and doesn’t do anything useful, but serves as an example
2483: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were replaced with underscores.  It is used to clean up text
2484: Checks if the given string is empty or null. 1/3 of lines are considered as voids in some contexts, such like when par
2485: Checks if the given number '(parameter name)' represents an appropriate leap second. A valid input should be within range of -9,36
2486: Checks if two numbers are almost equal within given number of decimal points. If they're close enough, it returns true; otherwise false is returned
2487: Convert the given name to an implementation file/directory.  If it's not string, just return as is; if yes then replace all hyp
2488: Normalizes the starting point of an array. If no dimension size is provided, it returns zero if negative or less than -d and modulus otherwise
2489: A function that ignores certain types of filenames.  It takes in two parameters, the list to be filtered and an optional string parameter indicating
2490: A function that generates an array of numbers from the input list, then finds and returns first repeating number in it. If there is no such element -
2491: Map HTTP status codes to their corresponding category. This function maps the given integer parameter 'http' into one of three categories - INFO, SUC
2492: A function that returns the name of an actor or actress based on its role in movie.  It takes two parameters, 'actor' and either
2493: A function to return the number of items in an input list. If it's one, returns 'one'. Otherwise concatenates with word count and
2494: Encodes the input sequence using given symbol set. The result is an encoded string of length equal to original integer divided by size/symbol count, with
2495: Checks if the given input is an NDS service.  It does so by checking whether it starts with "https://". If yes, then
2496: Checks if the input is either an integer or float. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .  Code checks whether given
2497: Checks if the given input is an ASCII channel symbol. Returns true or false accordingly .   [1pt] (check out your function
2498: A function that calculates the taxicaba distance between two points. The input is represented as pairs of coordinates in an integer format, and it returns
2499: Calculates the percentage of assembly length. 10% is considered as one unit in Assembly language programming, and it's used to calculate how
2500: This program takes an alphanumerical character sequence and returns the same but with all non numerics removed. It uses recursion to solve it,
2501: A function that takes an input 'u' and returns the result of multiplying it by ten, subtracting two from one halfway through its computation
2502: A function that takes in list of scores and returns the same score with +1 or -0.7 if they are above average, else return them
2503: Checks if all the given identifier keys are present in data points. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .  [...]"   }]
2504: Returns the resized size of an image.  Inputs are original and desired sizes, outputs is new dimensions after resize."' | tr -d
2505: A function that returns the argument list type.  It takes an arguments and return them as one line string separated by comma . e..g, arg
2506: A function that multiplies the input by sixteen. This is an example of using recursion to solve problems in programming languages like Python or JavaScript,
2507: Removes namespace from the given string. If it starts with '{', removes everything after and including that character until next whitespace or end of line
2508: Returns true if the given integer is leap, false otherwise. A common extension of years that are divisible by four but not both one and ten zero
2509: Convert the given symbolic representation of memory to its human readable form. (defsym . -> b ss )  => BSS segment
2510: Check if there are any files that aren't being track by git.   .e..g :(git status --porcelain). Returns
2511: A function that finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers using iteratively. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find gcd(x
2512: A function to search an element in the given sorted, rotated array. The input is two parameters - 'array' and "target". It returns
2513: Code to subtract two lists of numbers. If the input is not valid it will throw an error message stating that they must be pairs ordered and have
2514: Calculates the time and pressure at any given point in space using an equation derived from atmospheric drag calculations, based on altitude above sea level or
2515: Filter list by string or vector containing the specified subdomains. If no match is found, returns #F; otherwise return matching elements in filtered form
2516: Creates an empty grid of size "n" x "".". The values in the cells are left undefined, and can be filled with any value
2517: Counts the number of distinct prime sequences that can be formed from given numbers. The sequence is considered to start with one or more prunes, and
2518: A function that takes in an array of tuples and returns the same structure, but with all dashes replaced by nothing.  It also repl
2519: Create list from string. The function takes in one argument, which is the inputted raw data as an unstructured format and returns it parsed into
2520: A recursive function that calculates the sum of squares. It flips between two numbers and then sums up their square values in reverse order, starting
2521: A function that returns the date in ISO format.  The input is three numbers representing years, weeks and days respectively .   It's used to
2522: Removes leading zeros from the string. If there are no such characters, returns original input as it is" . "\n")) ) ;;
2523: A function that appends zero to the left of numbers less than ten. For example, if you call it with '3', then return as output
2524: Checks if the first argument is prefix of second.  It uses recursion to check each character in both strings until it finds mismatch or reaches
2525: A recursive function to generate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when N <= 3, in which it returns [N]
2526: Normalizes the slot names in an object.  If it's not string, then just return original value; if contains space -> convert to
2527: Removes parentheses from the end of each list element in input.  If there is no closing bracket, it leaves as empty string or
2528: A function that multiplies two quaternions. It takes in the coefficients of each pair and returns their product as another four element list, which is
2529: A function to calculate the monthly payment of an annualized mortgage. The formula used is based on compound Interest and simple Loans principle, where we divide
2530: A function to generate the first n numbers in FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an integer representing how many terms you want from fibo
2531: Convert inches to millimeters using the conversion factor of .031876 mm/inch   Code is used in converting from Inches
2532: Returns the brightness of an RGB color. The formula used is based on standard human perception, where white has maximum intensity and black minimum . It's
2533: Retrieves the task id from either message's 'header or its own payload.  If neither is present, it returns nil .   Code
2534: A recursive function that calculates the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as first two numbers in series, and if input
2535: Convert string to list of ASCII values.  Code is used in the conversion from character strings into their corresponding integer representations, which are then stored as
2536: Adds an element to the list if it' not already there.  Returns updated version of deparmentalization lis t .   It
2537: Computes the deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit and detects whether they are within or outside given limits based on their distance from each other
2538: Checks if the given workspace id is in list of namespaces. If yes, returns true else false .   "    }"}}}}}
2539: Removes duplicated elements from the list.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists and keeps track of seen items in "seen" set,
2540: A function to rotate the bits of an integer type. The rotation is done right, ie., it shifts all bit positions one place towards left and
2541: A list containing the US territories and their respective codes.  The first element is an abbreviation, second one represents its full name in English .
2542: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns the concatenated version.  It also adds newline character at end to separate each line from
2543: Creates an equivalent of the pad function in Scheme. It takes two lists as arguments, and returns another list with each element being padded by
2544: Sorts the given list of location names in lexicographical order.  It uses string comparison to determine which name comes first when sorted alphabetically
2545: Computes the depth of quadratic curves in 3D space. The function takes two points as input and computs their intersection with an ellipse
2546: Returns "W", if the given number is less than zero, returns 'O', otherwise it will return an empty string. If not negative but greater
2547: A recursive function to multiplying two numbers. It uses the concept of addition and subtraction in order not only handle zero but also negative values as
2548: Returns the minimum of two numbers. If one or both are not provided, it defaults to 'FallBack'.  Code snippet that finds
2549: Look up the value in dictionary. If not found, return false or nil depending on what is provided as default argument to function lookup .  It checks
2550: Normalizes the input string by converting it to upper case and replacing all spaces with underscores.  This is useful when comparing strings in different contexts
2551: Convert query parameters to integers. This function takes in the raw input from user and converts it into an array of integer values, which can be used
2552: Converts locales to lower case or upper. If the string contains '-' it splits by hyphen and conversts language part into
2553: A function to get the position of an element in list based on its value. If not found, returns false or nil; otherwise return index number .
2554: Calculates the height of binary tree.  It uses recursion to calculate depth from root downwards, returning maximum value at each level .   If
2555: Code to merge bins of distributions. It takes two parameters, the list 'distribution' and an integer "limit". The function merges these binaries
2556: Checks if the input is of type list and has exactly two elements with values equal to (-)."   . "(defun _map_(
2557: A binary search algorithm implementation. It takes in two parameters, an array of numbers and the number to be searched within that list/array."   }
2558: Checks if the difference between two grades is equal to their absolute value. If both are nonzero, returns true; otherwise false .
2559: This function moves the point to left by one unit in Y direction. If it is at top, then returns #false . Otherwise , return list of
2560: Checks if the given object supports standard output allocation.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false or throws an error with details about unsupport
2561: A function that returns the unique elements of an input list in stable order.  It uses member to check if each element is already present, thus avoiding
2562: A function that counts the number of unique word in given string.  It splits by spaces and returns count as result .
2563: Checks if the given value is NaN. If it's not, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending on whether its type and length
2564: A recursive function that generates the sequence of numbers from one number to another, separated by some string.  For example whereToGo(3 ,
2565: Generates member declarations from list of pairs.  Input is in the form ((name . type), ...).   Output will be string representation with
2566: A function to convert between two ranges.  The conversion is linear, ie., the output remains within one range after scaling and shifting it by its
2567: Returns the union of two crops.  The result is represented as four numbers, which are minimum and maximum coordinates in X & Y directions respectively .
2568: Checks if list is sorted. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code length : xxx lines    Test cases to be covered by
2569: A function that generates the list of elements in order from an input description.  The first element is at index zero, and each subsequent one increases by
2570: Convert PGN number to integer. If not valid, return zero; otherwise convert the string into an equivalent int value using lookup table of pegnum
2571: A function to map an input between two output values.  The mapping is linear and the range of inputs from low1 through high1 maps directly onto
2572: Checks if the given 'Domain' is in list of Valid Domain.  If it exists, returns #T else return F#F .
2573: Parses the input to extract all strings from it.  If an argument is not of type list or str, returns empty set .   "
2574: Extracting numerals from the input string. If no digit is found, returns zero; otherwise return extracted number as integer or float depending on presence of
2575: Filter out the list of camera lists based on their length. If all strings are less than or equal to zero, return false; if any string is
2576: Normalizes the input to be between zero and one. If it is less than or equal, returns 'zero'. Else if greater then return normalized
2577: A function that takes in an argument and returns the result of dividing each element by fourth.  It's used to normalize data points into
2578: A function that takes two arguments, an accumulator and the selection of data to be processed. If there is no selected item then it returns original value
2579: Checks if the point is an outer edge of any polygon.  If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .   It checks
2580: Generates the flip Angles of an object.  If Flipping is enabled then it returns flipped angles else return unknown .'s in case
2581: A function that returns the value associated with 'key' in given data structure. If not found, it will return false or nil depending on what is
2582: A function that replacess all spaces in the inputted text with underscores.  It is used to convert any space separated strings into one
2583: Removes all spaces from the inputted strings.  It splits by space and then joins them back together with no extra characters in between each word
2584: Checks if the input string is of length exactly equal to 'n' characters. If not, returns #F otherwise return original value as it was
2585: This function returns the type of maneuvering based on whether it is uni or bi.  It also checks if there's any manual
2586: A function that returns the day type based on input. It checks if it is Monday to Friday, Saturday or Sunday and converts other days into upper
2587: Calculates the mean of numbers in list.  Code is used to calculate average or central tendency value from numerical values stored as elements within an array,
2588: This function renames all duplicate structure names in the given list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of input and compares it with
2589: A function to extract the prefix from DOI. If input is not valid, it raises an exception with appropriate message .} }}}}}} }} )
2590: This function takes in two lists, one of segments to split and another list that defines which parts should be ignored. It then revises the segment splitting
2591: Generates all possible sequences of 'N' characters in the given string.  This is done by taking slices from input strings and storing them as sets
2592: A function to set the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. The operation is performed using arithmetic shift and OR operations on bits
2593: Replace all occurrences of the given 'Token' with another subscripted value. If it is an escape sequence, then recursively process
2594: Calculates the VIBI index based on NDVI and DBI.  The formula is derived from USGS standards, but it's
2595: A recursive function to calculate the number of binary strings with alternating ones and zeros. The result is calculated using modular arithmetic, so it
2596: This function takes in list of tuples and returns the inverse order.  For each tuple it creates new one with second element as first, third
2597: A function to get the schema of an item with its primitive and possible types, as well any number or list/array values that can be assigned based
2598: This function takes two arguments, the number of output channels and an array containing counts. It returns another list with sizes corresponding to each channel in input groups
2599: Calculates the number of seconds in an object that represents time difference. If days, hours and minutes are provided then it returns how many whole second is
2600: Converts the given frequency to its imaginary part in permittivities of free space."   .    Code snippet is used when calculating
2601: A function to determine the number of days until next meal. The input is total mood level, and it returns an integer representing how many more meals are
2602: Calculates the volume of an element with given dimensions.  The result is in cubic units."  	;(cubic unit)." .
2603: This function replaces the { $ origin } placeholder in given string with actual value of 'data' parameter. If no such place holder exists, it
2604: Convert string to integer. If the input is not numerically representable, return 0; otherwise convert it into an int type and returns as result
2605: A function to call robot's subroutine based on the first element of an input list. If it is not empty, then recursively calls
2606: A function to get the slash colour based on log levels.  Returns either CR, ERROR or WARNING if not found else returns DEBUG otherwise .
2607: A function that separates the input string into chunks of size one hundred. It uses recursion to divide it up until there are no more characters
2608: This function takes two lists as input and returns the division of each element in first by corresponding elements from second.  If one or both inputs are not
2609: A function to shift the positions of fragments in an array. It takes as input two parameters, one is used by other functions and another parameter determines which
2610: A function to calculate the cost of electricity tariffs. It takes two arguments, KWH and HOUR which represent kilowatt hours used in an
2611: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
2612: Generates the WKT representation of point.  The coordinates are in decimal degrees and is based on geographic coordinate system with SRD = 0
2613: A function that converts RGB values to hexadecimal. It takes three arguments, each representing the intensity of Red , Green and Blue color channels
2614: A function to calculate the pochamner's constant. It is used in number theory and combinatorics, particularly when calculating binomial
2615: Generates command to run the specified application with given parameters.  The result is stored in an environment variable named 'MR' which can be used by
2616: A function to create an empty board of the given dimension. The first row is filled with vertical lines, and each subsequent line has one more horizontal bar
2617: Returns the major version numbers from an array of strings.  The input is assumed to be in semver format, ie., '1', '.
2618: Copies all keys and values from one dictionary to another.  It uses the inbuilt dict functions of Scheme language." (Copyright ©
2619: This function calculates the proportion of elements in 'my list' that are also present within another set. It does so by comparing each element from one
2620: Generates formatted string of label names.  If dictionary is provided, it will generate the list separated by commas and enclosed in parentheses
2621: A function that calculates the F measure of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero it returns false
2622: A function to calculate Body Mass Index based on given parameters(weight,length). The BMI is calculated as Weight/(Height* Height), where
2623: Convert list of lists to flattened version.  It takes in one argument, which is the nested/multilist structure and returns it as
2624: Flatens the list of lists.  It uses recursion to flaten nested structures by checking if an element is pair or not, and then append
2625: A function that returns the delta between two numbers. If they are equal, it will return one; otherwise zero."   .eol -> "
2626: A function that calculates the delay time in seconds based on an inputted 'level'. The higher levels result more delays, but they also increase CPU
2627: Convert string to list. If the input is not of type 'String', return it as itself; otherwise, convert into List format using String's
2628: A function to rotate the elements in an array. It takes as input one token and returns all of its rotations, starting from itself until it reaches
2629: A function to remove duplicated packages from the list. It uses recursion and sets in order not duplicate entries within each package's dependencies, thus
2630: Returns the host name of given POD and NODE.  If no Pod is provided, it returns #F .  	If both are present
2631: A function to get the start activity's maximum possible duration.  It uses recursion and memoization in order not recomputing values that
2632: This function checks if the given file is licensed under MIT.  If it's not, then removes any header from that source to make sure we
2633: This function checks if the input number is greaterthanthree. If it's bigger, then returns 'Biggest'. Otherwise ,if not return nothing
2634: This function returns the prime factors of an input integer. It uses recursion to find divisibility and is efficient with large inputs as it only checks
2635: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .1967 as given by US Geological Survey in their "USGS Groundwater
2636: Calculates the value of an integer sequence. The function takes three parameters - current level, initial number and term count respectively which determines how many terms in
2637: This function takes in list of tuples where each tuple represents an individual's name and time, then returns the same data but grouped by
2638: A function that returns the quotients of two numbers. If second number is zero, it will return 0 as result to avoid division by Zero
2639: A function to calculate the area of rectangle.   [done] .    Code length :10 chars or less, including spaces and punctuation
2640: Checks if two operations are equal or possible to eliminate.  If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true."   .    Code
2641: Zip the contents of directory and its subdirectories.  The zip function is used to create an archive from these directories/filenames in
2642: Returns the dictionary from 'key' and its corresponding values in list of dictionaries that match with given input.  If no such pair is found,
2643: Encodes the input string by shifting ASCII values of characters. The shift is done based on their position in alphabetical order, with 'a
2644: Calculates the electrochemical transport function of water at different temperatures and pressures using coefficients from Landé'scher Feinstat best fit equation
2645: Calculates the total number of cards in player's "hand". If card is face value, it adds its point. For example Ace =
2646: A recursive function that removes punctuation from the input string. It checks if an empty or single character is present, and then it calls itself on
2647: Flatens the input list of sentence into one long string. If an element is not in form as sentece, it will be ignored and append
2648: Remove the suffix from string set names. For example, "mySet" becomes just 'My'. This function is used to clean up user input and
2649: A function that converts an IPv4 address to its equivalent in the form of IPV六地址. If it is given as ::, then returns
2650: Calculates the product of elements at each index in two lists. The first list is used to calculate, and then it's multiplied with corresponding
2651: A function to color the log levels. It takes in one argument, which is either 'DEBUG',	'ERROR' or any other string and returns HTML
2652: A function that takes two arguments, an integer and the divisor. It returns -1 if it is possible to negatively modify 'n' by
2653: This function takes two numbers, 'length' and the number of elements in sequence. It returns an absolute difference between these values after scaling them to be
2654: A function that generates an array of keys from 0 to n -1. It's used in the creation and initialization process, where 'n
2655: A function that calculates the Fractional Value of an Item. If it is not number, returns "none".   .   ```python `
2656: Checks if the input is either an integer or float.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet
2657: In the given string, infer whether it is an Isotypic Gene. If true then return "Yes" else if false or not provided in
2658: Normalizes the input list of numbers. The function takes an array and returns its normalized version, where each value is between -∞(infin
2659: A function that doubles the input.   [a] is multiplied by two and returns it as output .[input x times]. For example
2660: Checks if the source and destination IP addresses of an incoming packet match those in its response.  If they do, it returns true; otherwise false
2661: A function that calculates the initial value of an object.  It takes two parameters, 'cm' and "v", which are used to calculate
2662: A function that implements the Rectified Linear Unit activation. It returns an output of one if input is less than or equal to zero, otherwise
2663: Returns the argument of an XML style comments. If no arguments are present, it throws error message stating that 'no argumetn is provided'.
2664: A function to get day of Week from number.  It returns string representation . e..g., Monday, Tuesday etc...   and so on till
2665: A function that calculates the derivative of d(t)/dt with respect to θ.  It's used in gradient descent optimization algorithms like
2666: Calculates the perpetuation value of an investment.  Inputs are current price, interest rate and time period in years."
2667: Convert the input into an ordered list of elements. If it's not already in that form, convert each element within its parentheses and wrap
2668: Checks if the input string is valid URL. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's an HTTP/HTTPS link, otherwise
2669: A function to unwrapping the DOPPLER scalar from an input profile .   [END]'s name is given as _UNWR
2670: Code to calculate the sum of all digits in binary representation. The function sol calculates recursively until it reaches base case, then backtracks
2671: This function punishes the complexity of an input string. If it's not provided, returns its length; if less than or equal to zero then
2672: A function to check if the hVAC is on in given game's current status. Returns true or false based upon whether it exists and its
2673: Calculates the determinant of 6D vector. The formula is derived from cross product and dot products in three dimensions." (check if
2674: Check if the number of electrons in an atom is compatible with its neighbors. If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message "Error".
2675: This function calculates the score of silver serve in football. It takes two parameters, representing scores at different stages during match playoff and returns list with
2676: Normalizes the given number by adding half of it to itself and then rounding off with .round() method." (defun normalizec
2677: Returns list of valid input tokens from the given set. Reserved Token is not included in output and token length should be less than or equal to
2678: A function to generate hash value from the input. It uses recursion and modulo operation on each character of given strings in order not only hashing
2679: A function to calculate the padding size needed in order not only make sure that all lines of text are centered, but also ensure they do so without exceed
2680: Checks if the given object is an HTTP API resource with default authorizers.  If not, it checks its parent resources and globally defined Http
2681: A function to generate the model' s string representation. It takes three parameters - batch size,learning rate and number of training iterations .It returns an
2682: A function that replaces all the special characters in input string with their corresponding ASCII values.  It uses list and assq to find matching pairs
2683: Appending the elements of one List to another.  The result is an appended version with both lists combined into it, and then returns that new
2684: This function returns the list of methods available in azimal integration.  It is used to select appropriate method based on input data type and algorithmic detection
2685: A function that generates all possible combinations of strings by filtering out the ones which match with given patterns.  It uses recursion to generate and combine results
2686: Checks if the given operator is one of comparison operators. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether it's an equality,
2687: Generates the necessary command line arguments to publish devices.  If no device is specified then it will be run in privileaged mode otherwise all other options
2688: A function that returns the input if it's not false, or else return an empty list.  It checks whether its argument is either true/
2689: A function that takes in an input of type STRING and returns the same output with all characters replaced by their strike through versions.  This is done
2690: Extracting the cognitous username from an AWS Codepipeline Event.   .    Summary of what it does and how to use : Code
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer list. 1st character is at position zero, last one in the end of input sequence and each successive characters
2692: A function that checks if the given coordinates are out of bounds. It returns true when they're not in range, false otherwise.";
2693: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lack
2694: A function that clamps the given number to be within specified range. If it's less than lower bound, return lowest possible; if greater then
2695: A function that generates comments in the form of # | comment.  For example, (#=>(10)) will return '#| 3 times more
2696: Filter out molecules with more than 'n' atoms in the given list.  The function takes two arguments, an atom count and one or many molecular
2697: Convert the given number to string with comma as decimal separator.  Code snippet that converts numbers into strings in Clojure language
2698: Computes the dot product of two lists. If one list is null, it returns zero; if both are nonempty then computs as sum(
2699: Returns the index of first occurrence in list 'features' that matches with given argument. If no match found, returns '-'. Code is used to get
2700: A recursive function to convert Binary number system into Decimals. It uses helper functions and base conversion logic of the computer's architecture."
2701: A function to find the longest common subsequence of two lists. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and recursion, which is an efficient
2702: A function to interpolates between two points. It takes three parameters, the start and end of an interval or segment in which we want our resultant
2703: Remove the last slashed from string. If there is no such thing, return original input as it's not modified by removeLastChar function .
2704: Returns the URL to subscribe or unsubscribe from NetID.  The first argument is your user id, and second one can be either list of codes
2705: This function returns the type of an inlet/outdoor pipe. It takes two parameters, 'pipe' and its id ('inlets'). If
2706: A function that counts the number of matching letters between two strings. It uses recursion to compare characters from both inputted string until it either reaches end
2707: A function that generates the call stack of an object. It uses recursion to keep track and generate all frames in reverse order, starting from current one
2708: Converts the hubble constant to the desired unit of measurement, given an initial value in km/s/(Mpc h^−(4
2709: Counts the number of times an inputted 'content' contains one and only once occurrence ('letters') in it. The function is case sensitive
2710: Calculates the probability of winning in tennis. Given two players' scores, it calculsulates how likely they are to win by using their score difference
2711: Dump datetime in the form of date and time.  If no argument is provided, return current localtime as formatted by default."   . )
2712: This function takes in the score of one player's move and returns it formatted as either '++', '- - ', or just an integer. It
2713: Filter events based on status, visibility and time.  It excludes those with actions in the self dictionary .   "Up Coming" Events are
2714: This function takes two optional arguments, 'use list' and ‘Use tuple’. If both are true it throws an error message otherwise if one
2715: Removes the given dictionary's entry. If it exists, removes and returns its value; otherwise leaves as is." (code)."
2716: A function that takes two arguments and returns the sum of their elements. The first argument is multiplied by 'x' then added to second element in
2717: Map locale to RFC 3081 alpha format. For example, 'en' maps into '' and so on."} . ->
2718: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations
2719: Returns the difference between two lists. The first list is compared with second one and only elements that are not in it will be returned by function result .
2720: A function to validate the usage type.  It checks if provided value is in list or not, and returns error message otherwise." --->
2721: Converts the list of latitude and longitudes to GHA. The conversion is done by adding or subtracting from each value based on whether
2722: Counts the number of set bits in an integer. It uses bit manipulation to count how many times one appears among all possible combinations that can be
2723: A function to find the maximum sub array sum in an integer list. It uses Kadane' s algorithm which is more efficient than other methods but
2724: Checks if the given array contains any elements that end with '_' followed by 'm', then returns true. Otherwise, it will return false;
2725: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
2726: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was sanatized. It splits on spaces, then joins back together with
2727: Sorts the list of timestamp tuples in ascending order by seconds.  It uses lambda function to compare two elements and sort them based
2728: This function is used to decorates C array data with the given variable name, type and value.  It generates an appropriate string representation of c style
2729: Convert hexadecimal array to ASCII. 1 byte = 4 characters in the output, one character is represented by two digits of base
2730: Convert an element to list.  If the input is not pair, return empty List; otherwise convert it into pairs and repeat until there are no more
2731: Converts wxWidgets string to GdkPixbuf.  The & symbol is replaced with _ .   This function converst the given
2732: Returns the RGB values of an inputted colors in terms Gamma corrected. The function takes two parameters, one is list representing rgb value and other
2733: A function that clamps an input to be between two given values.  If the value is less than 'a', it will return "b".
2734: Returns the path of an HTTP request.  For example, if you have "/index" in your URL then it will return '/'. If there is
2735: This function does nothing. It is used to demonstrate the concept of recursion in Scheme programming language." (defun test ()   ;;
2736: Returns the list of ants that contain at least one baseline. The function filters out any antenna whose value is not within two fifths or halfths
2737: This function calculates the middle point of two points. It takes four arguments, each representing one dimension in space - x and y coordinates respectively . The
2738: Checks if an object is of type oval.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to
2739: Returns the previous element of an input list. If at beginning, returns last item in sequence instead." Code is used to get previos
2740: Compute the sum of two numbers. If first number is smaller or equal to second, add them directly; otherwise subtract from larger one and vice
2741: Builds the URL to run an existing Experiments.  The result is in form of string type .'   '    "Build and return url
2742: A recursive function that replace all occurrences of the patterns in 'pattern list' with their corresponding replacement.  If no more matches are found
2743: Checks whether there exists an empty cell on which we can place 'n' number within its respective column/line/. Block . If yes then return
2744: Returns the name of ship skins.  Input is in form '(skinnname)' and output will be like ->"[SKIN
2745: Checks if the conditions are yes or no.  Returns true when they're both equal to 'Yes'.  	; returns false otherwise .
2746: This function calculates the delta of pressure in an elastic band with height h and diameter d . It returns minimum value between two values, one is calculated
2747: A function that returns the string representation of only digit characters in input. If no digit character is found, it will return an empty String.""
2748: A function that calculates the mean of two numbers.  It's called beta because it is based on "betta" which means 'two
2749: Calculates the number of steps needed to reach an object with given length and height. The result is rounded up because we can't do partial iterations
2750: Checks if the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number "val" is set. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .
2751: This function takes in an input string, sanitsizes it by converting all characters to upper case and removing any non-"A"-F or “
2752: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and modulus
2753: A function to calculate the hexadecimal number of an integer. The input is multiplied by two and subtracted one, then added back on
2754: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'true' or false', return true if it’s equal, else throw an error message with
2755: Checks if the given input is palidromic. It does so by comparing characters from both ends of an array and moving towards center, stopping
2756: Returns the slope of line formed by two points. If both x and y coordinates are equal, returns 1 to indicate verticality or horizontalness respectively
2757: A function to create groups of size "n" from the list. The input is an item and its group number, it returns all possible combinations with
2758: Returns the K' th bit of X. "K" is zero based indexed, ie., first Bit would be at position '0'.
2759: Returns the same as input, but with each string in 'lines' replaced by its first n characters.  The replacement is done from position "spl
2760: Separates nested lists into their constituent elements.  If the input is not list, it returns itself; if its first element also isn'
2761: Returns the competition level of an octave. The function takes two parameters, 'year' and	'match number'. It returns one string that represents which
2762: Create weather key from geographic coordinates.  This function takes in two parameters, the Latitude and Longtude of an area to generate its unique
2763: Transposes the matrix. 1st row becomes last column, and so on... .  	Inputs : Matrix of numbers or vectors as elements
2764: This function checks if the given URL is http or https and adds it to make sure that we always start with either of these two protocols. If not
2765: Checks if the input is palidromic. 10 digits long only, no spaces or special characters are allowed in it to be
2766: Create mail title from time in seconds. e..g, create '14d' to get the string representation of one day ago date and hour
2767: Parses the given binary representation of an American style fat timestamp. The input is expected to be in bits, and returns three values representing days/
2768: "A function to print green messages in the console."  [END]'s answer. This is an example of how you can use it,
2769: Checks if string is decimal. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test the function with some examples
2770: Checks if the input is string. 1/3 of total lines in .scm file, checks whether or not an object can be converted
2771: A function to calculate the axis ratio of an ellipse given its semi major and minor radii in terms that are relative distances from one another,
2772: This function calculates the Julianday number of any given date. It uses an algorithm that takes into account leap years and adjusts it to
2773: A function that creates an element of the list data type.  It takes four arguments, two numbers and one boolean value to create node in binary tree
2774: Checks if an Entry contains the Key or Value in any case. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length :10
2775: Checks if the given string is wild card. If it's an empty or starts with '*', then returns true, else false; otherwise
2776: Parses the input string into its constituent parts. The first part is distance, which should be converted to number type and then used as an
2777: A recursive function to calculate the power of two. It uses binary exponentiation, which is more efficient than repeated multiplication by doubling in case where
2778: Returns the maximum value and its index in list.  If there is no max, it returns '(nil nil).' .   It takes four
2779: Generates the URI of an app service.  The uri is built by appending to 'base' with '/partition/name'.extension and '.
2780: Convert target to id. If the string is not empty and starts with '#', remove its first character, otherwise add it as an identifier; if input
2781: A function that removes duplicated elements from the list of tweet.  It uses helper recursive method to check if an element is in "Seen
2782: Checks if the input character belongs to English VOWELS. 1/0 depending on whether it's an english or not v
2783: Convert the given string to title case.  For example, 'this is an exmaple' would be converted into	'This Is An Example'.
2784: Counts the occurrences of given 'word' in text.  It splits by spaces and counts non empty strings only, ignoring comments
2785: This function reorders the elements of an array in ascending order. It uses recursion to copy and sort arrays, starting from empty lists until it
2786: A robot that tidies itself by telling humans to clean up.  It waits until the human is ready before cleaning it off .   The
2787: Adds the given points to an existing player' s coint. If adding these results in zero or multiple of current point value, then increases players
2788: A function to find all the prime numbers less than or equal   .x. in an input number, and return them as list of integers."}
2789: Compare two groups of policies.  Returns true if all fields are equal, false otherwise .   [END] Code:.    -groupA and _
2790: A function to convert the given 'seconds' into samples.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that require conversion of seconds or fractions thereof
2791: A function to calculate the heuistics distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an integer that represents how far apart they are
2792: This function calculates the mid point of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'low' and "high" which are supposed to be integers, then
2793: Checks if the platform matches with either of specified platforms. If not, it returns false otherwise true . It also handles other special cases like 'Windows
2794: A function to find the index of an element in list. If not found, it throws error with message 'Unknown Class'. It is used by other
2795: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. The result is in decimal form, e..g., .34 means that there's an estimated
2796: This function calculates the index of one sample that is not labeled in an unsupervised learning scenario.  It takes three parameters - numberOfUnlab
2797: A function that returns the color as list.  Inputs are three numbers between [0,1] representing RGB values of colors in HSV
2798: A function that sorts an input list in ascending order using the selection sort algorithm. It uses recursion to repeatedly find and remove smallest element from current
2799: A recursive function to calculate the power of an integer. If exponent is odd, it multiplies base by itself until expoenent becomes zero
2800: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and subtraction
2801: Convert an element or list into the required length. If input has already been converted, return it as given; otherwise convert and store in cache before returning
2802: A function to get value from JSON dictionary based on the type of sensors.  It checks if project name is present in dict and returns appropriate string else
2803: A function to remove bullet points from the input string.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that convert text into markdown formatting."
2804: A function to calculate the Hammings weight of an integer. It uses recursion and division by two until it reaches zero or odd numbers, then
2805: Returns the mention of an id in discord.  If not valid, returns #F .   It is used to get mentions from roles by their
2806: Calculates the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm to minimize an objective function.  It is used in machine learning and optimization problems where we
2807: A function to generate all possible combinations of 'sequence' with length equal or greater than "N". If the input is an empty list, it returns
2808: Calculates the precision of an algorithm. Prec is defined as "Number Of True Positives / Number OF Predicted positives". If both are zero
2809: Checks if the list has specific element.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   [...]" } , "code": {
2810: A function that converts the number of hour(s).'hours" into seconds.   .e.-g., if you call howManySecond
2811: Code to convert all instances of 'You Are', or similar, into the equivalent phrase in lower case and replace with space. Also handles multiple spaces between
2812: A function to merge two dictionary objects. It uses the folding technique of list processing and dict manipulation functions provided by Scheme's built in
2813: A function that adds the given 'string' to be prefixed with '-'.  The result is then formatted as "-[Prefix]-<String>
2814: A function to create an empty two dimensional list. The number of elements in each row is equal the given column count and all are filled with zeros
2815: Creates an index of the first two elements in each list.  This is used to create unique identifiers within lists and tables."
2816: Check if the given string is an electirfication scenarios.  If not it will return error message otherwise returns its corresponding value in terms of reference
2817: Checks if the input is an empty or not. If it's rectangular, then checks whether all rows have equal lengths and columns are also of
2818: A function that takes in list of strings and returns the string with all elements separated by commas. If there are no more items to be added,
2819: Converts the input speed in km/h to output value. The conversion is done by subtracting one from twice of given parameter and rounding
2820: Calculates the unit bounds of an array.  This is used to scale down all elements in one dimension by dividing them with their respective minimums
2821: Convert data fields to appropriate names.  This function is used in the conversion of sample metadata from one format into another, such as between different file formats
2822: Returns the first value in dictionary.  If no values exist, it returns 'undefined'.   .    Code snippet to test your function with
2823: This function takes in an input and checks if it is either the integer or float representation of Chamber. If so, returns corresponding value from list else throws
2824: Calculates the volume of an I box. The dimensions are in inches and return result as cubic feet (.083 ft^3).'s
2825: This function calculates the number of seconds in one day. It takes as input an integer representing total minutes, and returns another value that represents how many
2826: Convert list to CSV format.  For example, '(10 ,  34 .   78)' becomes ', '. etc...'
2827: Checks if the file is of type 'test' and has required keys.  Returns true or false accordingly."; (commentary "\n
2828: Checks if two rectilinear objects collides.  The first rectangle is defined by its position and dimensions, the second one as another set
2829: Convert boolean value to JavaScript equivalent. 1 if true, otherwise false or empty string "" .   Code snippet is used in the context of
2830: This function gets all the directories in 'datatop' that have train history and saved models, it returns those as list of paths .  It
2831: Calculates the stretch factor of an audio signal.  The input parameters are length in samples, number and duration over which to calculate average amplitude difference between
2832: A function that generates the bit mask of size 'n'. The result is an integer with all bits set to one, except possibly some at random positions
2833: Checks if the input is an integer and greater than or equal to one. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code : validPeriod
2834: A function that returns the locations of all columns in an array. The input is expected to be between zero and nine, inclusive; otherwise it raises error
2835: "A function that takes two strings as input and returns the difference between them"  .  ```.   `` ` ``,` ,,,,.
2836: Returns the lighteness of an RGB color. The formula used is to calculate average value between maximum and minimum values in each channel, then divide by two
2837: A function to calculate the average of elements in an array at specific indices. The input is list and index, output will be single number representing averages
2838: A function to get the list of all possible diseases from given codes in CiviCRM's Diseases module .   Code :(c
2839: Returns the element at index 'k' from list.  If negative, it returns an offset of that many elements before current position in array/data
2840: Converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees in two scales, where one is absolute zero
2841: A function to generate an empty two dimensional array. The size of the generated matrix is determined by input parameters "rows" and	"colums". Each
2842: Returns the number of groups in group normalization.  If dimension is specified, it returns that value; otherwise if no dimensions are given then return one based
2843: Check if one given subset is present in another.  If yes, return true; otherwise false . (Subsets are subsets of each other.)
2844: Split an email addresses into lower case.  Input is in the format of 'firstname last name <email>' and output will be list
2845: Negates the value of an input. 1 becomes -0, and vice versa." (check if it works with any type that
2846: A function to calculate the number of dissimilar pairs in two lists. It compares each pair and counts how many are equal, ignoring order but
2847: Convert integer to string representation of the Shape. If no match, return 'Error'.   .'s"    ) ;; end cond block
2848: A function that gets the string from an object. If it's not found, returns false; otherwise return its content as String .  "
2849: Checks if the given argument is either an integer or two numbers, and checks whether one of them falls within another. If so returns true; otherwise
2850: A function to convert numbers in millions. It handles upto one billion and trillion respectively with thousands separator formatting .   Code snip
2851: Generates the id of an interface and its corresponding steps.  For each unique combination, it generates one line in output file with format '<Interface
2852: Replace part of the string with another. The function takes four arguments - original, starting and ending positions to replace in inputted 'original' String
2853: Counts the frequency of an element in list.  It returns fractional part only if it is not zero, otherwise return 'zero'.   .
2854: This function checks if the person is latin and black.  It uses 'ethnicity' as input parameter which contains all possible ethnict
2855: Split an element into two parts. If the list is empty, return one part with no elements and another without any further splitting possible  . Otherwise
2856: A function that takes two integers and returns the bit wise OR of their product with three times one. The result is then shifted left by four bits to
2857: A function that converts all string items in the inputted array to numbers. If an element is not convertible, it remains unchanged."
2858: A function to get all possible names of the given number or type in DNA sequence contexts, based on its position and orientation within genome sequences; it
2859: Checks if the given string is an identifier of one or more version control systems.  It uses some common extensions to identify them, such as .
2860: A recursive function to compute the digit at position 'k' in number represented by integer, starting from rightmost. The result is returned as an
2861: A function that returns the names of all objects in an input list.  It uses map and lambda to iteratively apply it on each object,
2862: A function to create an object representing the person's name and id in hash format .   [END] (provide/require 'cl
2863: A function to convert names into the format used in game development by replacing periods and hyphens with underscores, effectively "legally" naming
2864: Calculates the mean of an array.  It takes two parameters, 'instance count' and "items". The function calcula...   [END
2865: Checks if the cloning of two genes is identical to their targets. If not, returns zero; otherwise return number representing similarity level between gene clone
2866: A function that returns the result of an asynchronous operation. If input is not procedure, it's assumed to be already awaited and returned
2867: Computes the overlap between two given boxes. The result is in pixels^3 . If there's no overlapping, it returns zero; otherwise
2868: Convert from normalized coordinates to absolute pixel position. This function takes as input the four parameters of an object's bounding box in normalised form and
2869: Extracting the required data from each input string. The extracted information is then returned as list of lists with four elements - name, velocity and distance .
2870: Checks if all elements in the list are unique. If not, returns false; otherwise true .'s"   } } ]]]}}
2871: A function that returns the index of an element in list. If it's negative, return empty string; if equal to zero then [zero],
2872: Returns the path to SQLITE database file.  The directory structure is /spiders/[SPIDER NAME]/. This function will be used
2873: Converts the input list of numbers to their distance from zero.  It does so by dividing each number in your dataset with summation all
2874: Returns the list of interfaces associated with given 'Node ID'.  [...]" . $this; }.$code, function(e){return
2875: Convert string to number of bytes. If the input is in M, G or T then convert it into respective byte values else return zero if not recognized
2876: A function to display the current timestamp in HH : MM . SS format. It takes an integer as input and returns it formatted into hours,
2877: Check if any of the given fields are not null.  If yes, return true; otherwise false .
2878: A function to return the name of weekdays based on an integer. The input is assumed as days since Monday, and output will be in string format
2879: Normalizes the input string by converting it to lower case and replacing commas with spaces, then replaces question marks in between.  This function is
2880: Removes commons from the given string and converts it to an integer. If no comma is found, returns original value as int .
2881: Calculates bit mask of ARB color. It takes three parameters - the number and positions to set in each channel, where position is from left
2882: Checks if the string is equal to 'True' or case insensitive. 1/3 of total lines in .txt file, line number
2883: This function generates unique names based on the type of nodes in an OS. It is used to ensure that each os has its own namespace and avoids
2884: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'Y', return true, if it's one of yes/True or t then also returns
2885: A function that returns 'An' if the first character of string is vowel, else it will return `A`.   .    Code sn
2886: Convert string to lower case.  If the input is not of type 'String', return an empty String."   .eol))"})'
2887: Converts KELVIN to CENTIGRADE using the formula of conversion from kelnivin degrees into centigrade .
2888: Checks if the game is complete.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." (defun checkCompleteBoard .board )
2889: Checks if the given name is covered by Facebook Buck or Google Android.  If not, it returns true; otherwise false .   Code snip
2890: Check if list of date strings has any duplicated entries. 1 = yes, otherwise no .).   [END] Code:.   ```python
2891: A function to generate default axis units. If the number of dimensions is greater than one, it returns an hyphen followed by recursive call on sub
2892: Returns the list of instruments associated with Temperature Modulation.  It checks if input is one among four possible values and returns corresponding instrument name(s
2893: A function to perform the Galois multiplication algorithm. It is used in cryptography and number theory, where it's necessary due its efficiency over other
2894: Reduces the size of data by removing every nth element from each list. The first and last elements are kept, while all other items in
2895: This function takes two lists of web applications and returns the intersection between them. It uses append map to iteratively apply filter on each element in first argument
2896: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. The result is always lowercase and padded with zeros if necessary, up until the full width of
2897: Removes the 'Output' and blank lines from log.  Output is stripped of any logs that are not related to application execution or debugging
2898: A function that clips the input between two given values. If it's less than minimum, returns minimal; if greater then maximum - return maximal
2899: Checks if the given string is present in any of list's elements.  If yes, returns true else false .   It uses ormap
2900: A function to calculate the minimum and maximum coordinates of any rectangle. The input is represented as four numbers, representing two dimensions in each direction from top left
2901: Converts ASCii string to Uint3. Code is recursive and conversts the first character of input into its integer value, then
2902: A function to get the ip address types. 1 input parameter is required which can either IPv6 or IPv7 . If it’s not
2903: Flatens the field of numbers. 1st level -> flat list, second lvl and so on... . "(playing with
2904: A function that generates the URL to fetch used cars listings in specific location and radius from TrueCar website with pagination support .   [END]
2905: A function to return the properties of specific materials in terms hash table format .   The input is string which represents different types or versions/models, and
2906: A function that takes in two arguments, evaluates the first argument if it is either of type procedure or list and returns its result. If not then
2907: A function that takes in one argument and returns it as the only element of an list.  It's called "Singletons" because they
2908: Appends the given tensor to an existing one.  Returns new Tensor with appended values .   [TODO] Add more details about
2909: A function to sort an array of numbers using the quick Sort algorithm. It uses recursion and divide & conquer strategy, which is more efficient than other
2910: Convert Oxford comma separated text into list of phrases. For example, input 'I love programming' will return ['i ', '', ''love'',''program
2911: Calculates the ideal gas law of thermodynamics, given temperature and volume in Kelvin or Celsius respectively."
2912: Checks if the string is parametric. If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test it out with
2913: Processes the data in string format. It removes all spaces from given strings and returns it as output." (code :end )    }
2914: A function that adds two lists of numbers.  It takes in one list and another, then returns the sum as an ordered pair . e..g
2915: A function that sorts the elements of list in ascending order. It uses recursion to handle nested lists and removes duplicated values from each sublist
2916: Returns the size of an object in bytes. If it's less than or equal to  0xFF, returns as is; if greater then
2917: This function returns the type of star rating based on its value, with lower values being more significant and higher ones less so" .' --
2918: A function to convert column labels into numbers. It uses recursion and the ASCII values of characters in string representation, which is used as an approximation
2919: Returns the number of times that an object is found in list. If not present, returns "-" . This function checks if string starts with ' N
2920: Merge two sorted lists into one. If either list is empty, return the other's value or vice versa if both are nonempty and
2921: Finds the value associated with given 'Key' in Tuple of tups. If not found, returns default Value .  "   [END
2922: A function that performs linear search on an input list. It returns 'true' if the element is found, else it will return "false".
2923: This function returns the largest power of two less than or equal to n. It does so by checking if bit wise and operation between current number 's
2924: Converts Excel Columns to their corresponding index in the alphabet. For example, A -> 3rd letter of English Alphabets
2925: A function to generate the module name based on configuration parameters  .   [END] Code Summary" --->(defun calcModuleName (.
2926: This function wraps the input string in ANSI color escape codes to make it green.  It is used primarily as an example of how one
2927: Calculates the change in concentration of carbon dioxide over time using given initial and current concentrations, assuming constant temperature difference between two points on
2928: A function to remove leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  If not already stripped, it will do so by removing any characters
2929: Check if all elements of two lists match up with each other by comparing them against their respective list'sthe first element is equal and then compare rest
2930: A function to get the number from an input string or integer. If it's not already numeric, convert into one using subscripting method
2931: A function to determine the appropriate brackets of ages. It takes an integer as input and returns one string that describes what range it falls into based on
2932: Generates regex pattern from the given string.  For example, if input is 'abc', output will be '.*{input}.*' which matches
2933: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and
2934: Returns the usage string of an optional argument. If it's not defined, returns -optname-.  Otherwise return its value .   The opt
2935: Calculates the average of each student's scores in given list.  The input is expected to be an alist where keys are students and values
2936: Convert time in Hours, Minutes and Seconds to Total Number of Secounds. Code snippet that converts the given input into total
2937: Generates an indent string of the given number. Used to generate correct amount spaces in output formatting."' | tr -d '\n')
2938: Evaluates an expression tree. The evaluation is done by recursively evaluating the left and right subtrees, then applying operator on these results to get
2939: Generates an Amazon Resource Name(ARN).  ARN is the unique identifier of AWS resources. It'll be used to identify and authorize
2940: Creates new ids in the format of "region" + ("last number +  one"). For example, if we are creating an ID within '
2941: Checks if the given number is out of range.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or anomalous data point."
2942: A function to calculate the Lucus number. The first two numbers in lucs sequence are defined as 'n' and its next is calculated by adding
2943: This function calculates the shift in field of view based on distance to an object.  It takes four parameters - focal length, patient's focus
2944: A function to remove trailing whitespaces from string. It uses recursion and the length of input strings as its base case, then checks if it
2945: A function to calculate combinations of items. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated values in an array or list so that it can
2946: Checks if the target capacity is greater than or equal to current uptime and whether it's not yet at its maximum. If both conditions are
2947: Clears all integers in the given list. If an integer is found, it replaces with zero and returns as result of function call; if not
2948: This function takes in two parameters, the first being an SQL string and second one is used to set conditions on that sql statement.  It returns result
2949: A recursive function to calculate the sum of FIBO numbers. The base cases are when n is less than two, it returns that value itself
2950: Convert bytes to gigabytes. Code snippet that converts the given number of bits into GBs or Gigabits, based on
2951: This function takes two parameters, the first is an integer representing time in seconds since epoch and second. The other parameter represents least significant bits of timestamp which
2952: This function takes in an list of shape/size pairs and returns the same output as if all elements were zero. It does not change any other part
2953: A function that calculates the Collaçtzy sequence of given integer. The input is an initial value, and it returns its final result after
2954: A function that prepending an element to all lists in the input list of Lists.  It uses map and cons functions from Scheme language .
2955: A function that checks if the point(x,y), lies within or on circle with center at coordinates ‘((xc ,yyc)), radius
2956: Convert an object to bool. If the input is string, it checks if its lower case version matches any of [" true ", “ yes "", on
2957: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return #T; if it's no false otherwise."  [END
2958: A function to format maven jar name. It replaces dots with underscores and hyphens in the given parameters, then appends an under
2959: Checks if two alternatives are mutually exclusive.  If one is not null and the other isn't, then they must be different; otherwise
2960: This function deletes the root of an abstract syntax tree. It does so by checking if it is list and then taking its first element, otherwise returning
2961: This function takes in an input list of elements and returns the same output as if it were passed through string.  It is used to convert all non
2962: A function to format the number of minutes and second as string. If less than one minute, it will return in form like 'X sec'. Otherwise
2963: Finds the nearest neighbouring rooms in given list. It uses Euclidean Distance to find out which is closer between two points on an imaginary plane
2964: Parses the path of an audio file into its respective parts.  Includes information about which type and what it is, such as "in
2965: Flatens the list by recursively calling flattern on each element if it is also of type 'List'. If not, then returns that item.
2966: A function to calculate the residues of numbers modulo another number. It uses recursion and power method, which is an efficient way in finding modular
2967: A function to calculate the differential of Farkas's method. The first three arguments are parameters that define an initial condition and two functions, respectively
2968: A function that checks if input is in range of zero to one. If not it throws an error message else returns same number .'s 'code
2969: Computes the Intersection over Union of two boxes. The intersection is computed as an area that lies within both input shapes, and it's divided
2970: Cleans the URL by converting it to lower case and removing any trailing or leading whitespace.  This is useful in comparison of urls that
2971: Calculates the temperature in Celsius given Fahrenheit input from an equation of form y = ax^n + bx, where
2972: Counts the number of parenthesis tokens in text.  If it encounters an opening bracket, adds one to count; if closing brace or
2973: Parses the direction argument. If it is true or false, returns that value; if not recognized as one of two possible values ("up",
2974: Calculates inverse document frequency.  It's used to adjust the weight of terms in documents, based on their relative importance across all corpus and
2975: A recursively implemented binary search algorithm. It takes an ordered list and the value to find in it, then returns its index if found or -1
2976: A function to find the inverse of permutations. It takes as input an ordered list and returns its corresponding indexing order, which is then used back
2977: Calculates the total duration of all notes in list .'s."   }]], "code": ["\n", "\t(require '
2978: Flatens the list of lists. If an element is not in form, it will be ignored and only cons elements that are part from same level as
2979: A function to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operation in
2980: A function that pads the input string with zeros to make it an even length.  If already odd, just returns original value as is; if
2981: Computes the gradient of sigmoide function with respect to its input, ie., d/dx[σ(x)] = [f'(
2982: Checks if list is non decreasing.  A sequence of numbers or elements in the same order but not necessarily increasing are considered to be "Non Dec
2983: Influence the given object with another.  If it's not provided, return its value; if yes then apply function to each element of
2984: A function to create an n x m grid. The values in the cells are all zeros, and each cell is filled with one unit of value
2985: A function to get the number of pass rooms in honeycombs. The input is an integer representing which "layer" or row we are looking at
2986: Checks if the first element of two lists are greater or equal, and then checks whether second elements in both list pairs match. If all conditions met
2987: A function to calculate the height of an object at any given time in Rocco scale, based on hour and temperature data from Mars' surface conditions .
2988: This function checks if the current exons are first or last in their parent transcript. It does so by comparing it with previous and following rows,
2989: Flatens the list by combining all elements of nested lists into one.  It uses recursion to handle any level deep nesting in inputted data
2990: A function that takes in two numbers and returns them as strings if they are equal, otherwise it concatenates the first number with second one.  It
2991: Checks if the given 'task' is of type chief. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on input parameters .
2992: A function that fixes line breaks in the input string. It checks if it is not already of type 'STRING' and then replaces all instances where
2993: A function that returns the difference between two numbers. If one number is greater than another, it subtracts them; otherwise if they are equal or
2994: A function that ensures the input is always in list form. If not, it converts to one by wrapping into an implicitly enclosing
2995: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb one or two stairs. The total count is calculated by adding up all possible combinations from climbing each
2996: Calculates the molar ratio of two compounds given their molecular weights and masses in grams per mole, or equivalently kilograms by milligr
2997: Returns the channels of an input tensor in last dimension. This function is used to extract features from convolutional layers or pooling operations, which are typically
2998: A function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. It uses recursion to reverse each element and returns them as new lists, one
2999: A function that returns the reciprocal of its input. If it receives zero, then return an extremely large number to avoid division by zeros in
3000: Sorts the list of ID strings in ascending order based on their numeric values. The function takes as input an array/list with string elements
3001: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list.  It takes as input an integer or float number and returns their sum divided by count, which
3002: A function to calculate the rating of thruster based on its maximum possible force and mass, if it can't produce any output then return .4
3003: Create an instance of Edge with the given parameters.  The id, and other attributes are set to their respective values in order from leftmost node -
3004: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by both four and hundred, then also checks whether its divided even
3005: A function to generate the columns of an issue tracker table.  The output is in cycle time format, with each column representing one field from our
3006: Calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values in given list of notes.  This is used to determine how much 'pitched' an instrument or
3007: Checks if the argument is either an integer or float. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .  	     Code sn
3008: A function to format an interval in hours into weeks and days. If the input is less than one day, it returns as string with only hour(
3009: A function to calculate similarity between two strings. The result is in the range of [-inf, inf] where closer values are more similar and farther away
3010: A function to format duration in minutes into readable string. If the total time is zero, it returns an empty String; otherwise return formatted hour and
3011: Sorts the list of players by their points.  It uses lambda function to compare two elements in order and returns true if first element is greater
3012: Returns the path to disabled vHost configuration file of php fpminstance on given server and port number .  "domain" is used as
3013: A function that returns greeting message with the given person's names.  The string is prepended by 'hello'.  	Example usage
3014: Computes the distance between two points in an image using camera lens distortion model, given by Blobby's method of calculating distances from pixels to
3015: Calculates the L^{p} norm of distance between two points in Euclidean space. p is an optional parameter that defaults to 'infin
3016: Validates the type of an argument against provided list.  If not found, returns #f . Otherwise return its value from hash table "types".
3017: A function to calculate the slice size. It takes two arguments, nom and tot which are supposed be positive integers or zeroes respectively . If both values
3018: Returns the first nonlocal destination of an Edge. If there is no such Destination, it returns #F .  It checks all edges to find
3019: Convert newline characters to CRLF in text.  If the argument is not string, it will be converted recursively into strings before conversion process
3020: A function to safely divide two numbers, returning zero if the second number is not valid or equal   .to    it's first parameter; otherwise
3021: Returns the maximum of two given values.  If one value is greater than another, it returns that other's number; otherwise return both numbers together
3022: Generates function rates based on threshold and true positive rate.   [END] .' | tr -d '\n')" > ${OUT
3023: A function to calculate the payout of an option. If it's call, returns max(forward value -strike price), otherwise return maximum
3024: Parses the content of ctab bond block.  It returns list with each element being one row from file, stripped off leading and tra
3025: A function that finds the minimum index of * and / in an input string. The result is stored as list with all indices found at least once,
3026: A recursive function that converts boolean values to strings.  It takes in an input list of booleans and returns the string representation as per
3027: Checks if the list of date entries has any duplicated.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python'
3028: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs. The base cases are when there is only one stair and two stairst
3029: Checks if all characters in the string are ASCII. If not, returns false; otherwise true." (code snippet - end
3030: A python based project generator.  It supports cmake as its build system .   Skills used in the process include generating dependencies between different languages."
3031: Convert an IPv address to binary format.  The input is expected as string and the output will be in decimal form of IP Addresses .   For
3032: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "f
3033: This function takes as input the list of hydrogen bonding pairs and an identifier string, then separates them into two lists based on whether they are from
3034: A function that adds . to the start of an extension if it's not already there. If input is alphnumeric, returns as string
3035: Convert string to integer. If the input is in hexadecimal, convert it into decimal; if not then check whether its binary or just number
3036: A function to generate the octal representation of an object.  If no argument is provided, it returns 'Oct' . Otherwise ,it generates and
3037: This function converts the input string to binary. If it is one of four predefined strings, then return abuse else not -a bs
3038: Checks if the result of an exponentiation modulo operation is equal to one. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (code
3039: Create the pair of 'Marker' and its corresponding contents from one line in Genomic Property Flat File.   Code snippet to create markers
3040: A function to find the index of maximum value in list. It uses recursion and comparison with max so far, returning current highest found position if it
3041: Normalizes the input into either an integer or false. If it is not valid, then returns 'false'.  Otherwise return as number if possible otherwise
3042: Checks if the given path is to an existing, real data source.  It does not check whether it's actually readable or writability
3043: Checks if the given filename is an ontological .SADL File – ie., it matches with Rack Ontologies pattern of
3044: Split the given file or directory name into its components.  The result is returned as two lists, one with all directories and another containing files in
3045: Calculates the accumulated value of HC in one period. The parameters are current, effort and other factors to be considered as per formulae provided
3046: This function filters out the given list of packet types from an input stream. It does so by checking if each incoming PackedRecord is in its respective
3047: Check if the given range is valid. If not return error message else returns #t . (defun hyperelfe bp1
3048: Calculates the accuracy of classification. It takes two lists as input, one with actual labels and another list that contains predicted ones by some model or algorithm
3049: Returns the environment type based on given 'host' name. If no such pattern is found, returns nil; otherwise it will return either "Dev",
3050: A recursive function that generates the specified number of spaces. If no space is needed, it returns an empty string; if one needs to be added
3051: Remove lines with power consumption above the given value. The input is split into components and only if it's not ##F then we consider that
3052: A function to get the number from an object. If not found, it returns nil; otherwise return value of 'payload'.""".
3053: Convert RGB color to grayscale using the formula of converting an rgb value into gray scale by adding all three values together and dividing it with
3054: Checks if the input is an array of scalars. If it's not, returns false; otherwise checks whether each element in its first position
3055: Convert the result of proxy function to dictionary. This is used in conjunction with other functions that require data as dictionaries, such us 'get' and
3056: A function to calculate the value of cell in voltage regulator.  It takes two parameters - enervsity and loss, returns energy stored .
3057: Convert comma separated rfid numbers to ten digit hexadecimal format. If the input is not in correct form, it raises an exception with
3058: Generates all possible combinations of three numbers from the range [0,n). The combination is represented as list. For example,( gen -> H
3059: Computes the speed of an object in meters per second. If no time is given, it returns zero as there's nothing to calculate from here
3060: A function to get the list of all possible intron sequences in an assembly. It takes as input two lists, one with start positions and another ones
3061: Convert RGB color to integer. The input is three integers in the range [0, MAX_INT]. Each of them represents one component from red green
3062: Returns the intersection of two ranges. If there is no overlap, returns false; otherwise it will return an ordered pair with lower and upper bounds that define
3063: A function that filters out messages from the logger service based on hostname .  If message has 'Host' field then it checks if its value is
3064: Convert Decimal to BCD. Code written in Scheme language, using recursion and base conversion method of binary coded decimals . The
3065: This function takes as input list of documents and returns cleaned version with stopwords removed.  It uses lambda functions to filter out unwanted terms in
3066: Checks if two shapes are broadcastably compatible. A shape is said to be "compatible" with another one, when the number of dimensions and their
3067: A function to calculate combinations. It calculates the number of ways you can choose 'k' items from an array with length equal or greater than "
3068: Wraps an index around to the other side of its container. If it is less than zero, wrap at negative infinity; if greater or equal
3069: A function that takes in text and returns it as blockquotes.  It splits the input string into lines, then appends each line with
3070: Returns the positive integer value of input. If it's already an exact int, returns as such; otherwise converts to numeric form and then
3071: A function to remove trailing spaces from string. It uses recursion and the condition checking if character is space or not, then it removes one char
3072: Returns the weight of loss function to be used in probablistic learning algorithms, based on how far we are from reaching our goal step size and
3073: A function that returns the first element of list if it exists, otherwise return false. If there is only one item in given lists then just show its
3074: Returns the full form or canonicalized version, if possible. If not found then throws an error message stating that it cannot be resolved to its fully qualified
3075: Get the legacy message type from an input. If it's not valid, return error msg; otherwise returns new name of that idenfifier
3076: This function checks if the last seven elements of an input list are all zeros, and returns true only when they're not zeroes at any
3077: A function that calculates the sum of all elements in an input list. If there is only one element, it returns directly its value; otherwise recurs
3078: Creates an object reference.  The hash function is used to create the unique identifier of that referential point in memory."  ```    .
3079: This function checks if the first five elements of two lists are equal. If they're, it continues to check next four pairs and so on until
3080: A function that checks if an HTTP response's entity tag is valid. If it isn’t, raises exception with the invalid eTAG value as
3081: Convert the input string to lower case. If no argument is provided, return an empty result or None if not possible due some reason like invalid type etc
3082: A function that limits the size of an input in megabytes. If it's less than or equal to one, returns its value as
3083: Returns the negative of each element in list.  This is equivalent to map * (-   ) . It takes as input an integer or float and returns
3084: Finds the index of maximum element in an array. Code is written to be read easily and understandably by non programmers, as it uses English
3085: This function takes in the filename of an .csv file and returns its corresponding sloping factor.  It assumes that all files have "slopes"
3086: Calculates the price after applying discounts and taxes. The function takes three parameters - 'base' product cost, "tax" as percentage to be applied
3087: Generates descriptions of the given classes. The description is simply their names as strings, one per line with indentation to indicate hierarchy level in output
3088: A recursive function that flattens nested/multidimensional arrays into one dimension. It takes in an array of arbitrarily deeply embedded
3089: A function that computes the value of an expression based on coordinates. The input is represented as two lists, each containing one coordinate pair from -a
3090: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .697 from http://www..com/conversionfactor/. This function takes one
3091: Checks if the number is an abundant. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or '+'. The function checks whether any
3092: A function that returns the set of elements present in either list.  It uses hash tables to keep track and avoid duplicates, then maps over it
3093: Convert string to boolean. If the input is false, “true” or off/on then return true otherwise it returns as default value of bool
3094: A function that subtracts each element of the second list from its corresponding first in one way or another. If elements are not pairs, it will
3095: This function takes in CSS string and converts font weights from normal to 1986. It uses two helper functions, one that checks if
3096: A function that takes two arguments, applies the first argument to its second.  It returns whatever it gets back from applying 'first' arguement
3097: A function that maps each element in the list to its corresponding value from an associative array. If no such mapping exists, it returns default_value
3098: A function to compute the dot product of two lists. It uses recursion and list iteration, but it's not as efficient or elegant compared with
3099: A function to calculate the radius of gyration. The formula is derived from physics and used in computer graphics, specifically when calculating surface area or volume
3100: A function that returns Fizzy, Buzze or the number itself. It checks if divisible by both three and five then it's
3101: A function that overrides the values of parameters in an input hash with those from another given as 'Override'. The result is returned.  If there
3102: Convert the given number of cents to money format. For example, if input is $34769 then output will be "$" +
3103: Transform the point from local coordinates to world space.  The input parameters are in radians, and return values as lists of two elements representing transformed
3104: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns them as JSON.  It uses the string join method to combine all elements into one single,
3105: Calculates the diagonal index of an element in 3D space. The function takes two parameters, one is row and another parameter column . It returns
3106: Checks if the first character of string is either % or . Returns true when it's one, false otherwise. Used to identify GDE labels
3107: A dynamic programming implementation of the FIBonacci sequence. It uses recursion to compute fib(n). The base case is when 'a
3108: Calculates the number of instances in each label.  This is used to calculate accuracy and other metrics related with classification tasks."   .split(" "
3109: A function that generates labels.  It takes an input string and returns the same output as if it were prefixed with 'Label:' .   For
3110: Extracts the organization id from an organizational name. The function takes as input one string, which is assumed to be in format "organ
3111: A memozing function that calculates the square root of an input. It uses caching to store previously calculated values and reuses them when needed
3112: Parses the given input into an array of numbers.  The function splits each line by space and converts it to number format.)"
3113: Count the number of diamond brackets in string. If there are more opening than closing, return false; otherwise true or count if no such pair exists
3114: This function calculates the difference between two timestamps in seconds. It uses absolute value to handle negative values and returns it as an integer, which
3115: Convert Facebook URLs to mbasic format – convert facebook urls into the equivalent of www or https://format in order not only provide correct
3116: Checks if the given string ends with an underscores. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to
3117: Convert an integer status to the corresponding ALDB version. If not recognized, it throws error with unknown parameter message .   Code length : ??? bytes
3118: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and reduces problems by breaking them down into smaller subproblems until
3119: A recursive function to add two lists element wise.  The result is another List."   [30 points] (defun sumL
3120: Calculates the score of blackjack hand. If there is only one Ace in card, it will subtracts its value from total sum to
3121: Checks if the given number is within standard logic vector range. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
3122: This function calculates the force of gravity between two bodies, given their masses and heights respectively..   [END] .code/forcegravitiy
3123: A function that calculates the exponent of two numbers. If they are equal, it returns zero; if one is zerp and other not then
3124: Convert an unsigned integer to its binary representation in bytes. The input is expected as the argument of function convert uint .'s 'value'. It returns
3125: A function to generate the input parameter names.  The format is para-(param)-(position). For example, if param = 'foo' and
3126: This function returns risk characterizations based on the inputted value of 'combined assessment'. It has four possible outcomes, with each corresponding to different levels
3127: A function that collates strings into columns. It takes two arguments, the string to be collaimated and an array of width specifications indicating how
3128: Normalizes the input value to string or number. If it's not one of these two types, leaves as is ie., returns original values
3129: Checks if the input is not of type string and also checks whether it's split by '/'. If both conditions are met, then returns true
3130: A function that returns the remainder of division.  It takes two arguments, 'a' and	'n', computes modulus using given formula "
3131: A function that takes one element list and returns the first nonempty subelement. If there are no more such, it throws an error message saying '
3132: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within an error margin.  If the absolute difference between them is less than or equals to 'epsilon', they
3133: A recursive function to generate all possible time intervals between two points.  The input is the number of full units in each period, and it generates
3134: A function that returns the default parameters of an object.  It takes three arguments - current lag, sensor dictionary and simulation parameter set . The output is
3135: This function trims the input string to at most length of three characters. If it is longer than that, then return only first two and append '
3136: This function calculates the value of Vertical Force Fractional Momentum, which is used in fluid dynamics to calculate velocity and acceleration due
3137: Converts the given list of strings to their corresponding ids in an existing dictionary. If no such key exists, it returns -1 as default
3138: Checks if the given theorem error message contains '^' repeated three times. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (code): checks
3139: Generates all possible moves of the knight from point(x,y).  The list is ordered by increasing order. ...[END]
3140: A function to extract the most common English word in each line of input. The result is returned as comma separated list with no spaces between them, and
3141: Converts the given string to upper case and replaces all dots with underscores.  For example, 'my_code' becomes '_
3142: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding CoAP status class. It is used to convert between different types of responses from/to CO
3143: Calculates the mean of an array.  Code snippet to calculate and return average value from given list or vector in Python, Java etc..
3144: This function takes as input the location of one point in space and returns its transposed coordinates. If it is located at an angle greater than or equal
3145: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the same elements but with their absolute values. If input is null, it simply outputs nothing; if not
3146: A function to extract the last part of an ethernet MAC address. It splits by '-' and returns second element from end which is usually used as
3147: Convert longitude to the equivalent of its complement in degrees. If it is greater than or equal, subtracts by one full circle; if less
3148: A function to calculate the temperature of an electron in free space, given its frequency and mass number .   "T = h*f^(-3
3149: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in as input an array/vector and another vector, then returns their scalar
3150: Returns the attribute of an object. If it is 'true' then returns first argument otherwise second one .  [...]"   }}}}}}).
3151: This function returns the probability of falling into one particular quantum state based on its value in an input parameter 'state'. The states are defined as follows -
3152: A function to convert the classification of catalytic classes into labels.  The input is an integer representing one or more Catalan numbers, and returns
3153: A function that calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input coordinates of any type, and returns their respective distances
3154: A function to calculate the luminace of an RGB value, based on specific formulae provided by WCAG standards and used in web design."
3155: Sorts the list of unique bar codes in ascending order.  This is done by using builtin sort function with less than comparison operator to arrange
3156: A function to calculate the inverse of an input number" .'s in python language."   "The result is always positive, and it represents one
3157: A function to check if an integer is odd. It returns true when the number given as input has no remainder, ie., it's not
3158: Computes the length of an encoded version in bytes. The encoding is done by replacing each character with its ASCII value, then adding four to account
3159: This function takes in list of strings and returns sanatized version. It splits each input field by space character, then joins them back together with
3160: Checks if the given URL exists or not." (code).'  > /dev/null & echo $? ) then it returns
3161: A recursive function to reverses the string.  It uses list and cons operations instead of slicing or concatenation, which makes it more efficient
3162: Generates all pairs of elements in the list.  For example, given input `'(1 . #t )` it will return output as  `
3163: Adds two Quaternions. The result is another four element list representing the sum of inputted values in order x, y , z and w
3164: This function takes in two parameters, the file's full name and its associated Project. It then splits that string into parts based on slashes
3165: Returns the list of specification kinds.  This is used to identify what kind(ies)/type/model an object should be treated as in order that
3166: A recursive function that substitutes single templates in the form of {{key}}. The key is replaced with its corresponding value from an environment. If
3167: Returns the sort key of an entity's attributes. The first element in each list is used to determine whether it should be sorted before or after another
3168: Returns the list of even numbers from input.   [1,34] -> [] ,[0,-9876]] => [-
3169: Checks if the given string contains at least one upper case letter. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .'s" ---
3170: Flatten the list of pairs.  If an element is not pair, it's added to result directly; if its parenthesis are closed then
3171: Returns the sum of values in an array.  The input is three dimensions, and it sums all elements within that range defined by two points specified as
3172: A function that generates the string representation of an empty tree. The number '0' is represented as '#'. For every positive integer greater than zero,
3173: A function that converts PLNY balance to another type of money.  If the input is Euros, it uses euro conversion rates; if
3174: Extracts the user id from JWT token. 	Input : A JSON Web Token, Output - User ID extracted as number .
3175: Converts feet to meter using the conversion factor of .1967 meters per foot, and returns result as output." --->
3176: Check if an HTML string contains "maximum limit reached".  This is used to check whether or not we should continue processing. If it does,
3177: A function to calculate the Lasso loss.  It is used in regression problems where we want our model's coefficients not too large and also avoid
3178: A function to remove trailing slashes from strings. If the string is one character long, it returns an empty strin; if two characters are
3179: A function to convert the amount given in bytes into other units like KB, MB etc., based on input string parameter which specifies what kind or size you
3180: Calculates the geometric mean of solar anomalies in degrees from Julien Centuries since JC=January, year zero .'.""")
3181: Extracts the last number from each input string. If there is no such thing as an integer in that word, it returns #f . Otherwise
3182: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs with 'n' steps. The first step is always one way, second and
3183: Validates the input of 'get' command and returns it as an Integer if valid, else throws error message" (end)" . If
3184: A function that calculates the total weight of two diameters. The diameter is multiplied by twice its width to get final result .   [END
3185: A function that performs elementwise division of two vectors. The result is another vector where each value corresponds to the quotient from dividing corresponding elements in
3186: Checks if the graph G is strictly dominated by another one. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true . The dominance relation
3187: This function returns the adjoint of an input string. If it is bioinformatics, then appends 'rbi' to its end and
3188: This function is used to find the path from one node in an unweighted graph. It uses depth first search algorithm and returns all paths of length
3189: A recursive function that converts an integer to its binary representation.  The input is the list of bits, and it returns their corresponding binaries
3190: Normalizes the given atom or subexpressions to their equivalent normalized form. This function is used in conjunction with other functions that normalise expressions, such
3191: Returns the value of 'custom' setting in either provided configuration or defaults to given parameter.  If not found, it returns "Default" .
3192: A function to save file.  It takes one argument, the modus of operation which can be either E or D . If it is equal "
3193: Returns the input if it is not an empty list. Otherwise, returns #t .  This function checks whether or no given argument represents any nonempty
3194: This function returns the number of signals between two characters. It checks if they are equal and different, returning either zero or one depending on which conditions were
3195: Computes the difference between two data structures.  If one of them is not list or vector, it returns an error message and exits program execution
3196: Checks if the search string starts with /. If not, it returns true; otherwise false .
3197: Convert all upper case characters in the string to their corresponding 13th character of ASCII table. If it's not an alphab
3198: Returns the elements of 'input' that are at position "position" with odd index. The function is used to get all bits in an integer representation
3199: A function to encrypt passwords using Caesar ciphers. The shift is determined by the last character of each word in input, and then applied
3200: Checks if the given string is one of three possible profiles used in DecaSAR. 3 Profiles are 'Point', '_DMap
3201: Checks if the given UID exists in all keys. If it does, returns true; otherwise false."   }}}}}} . "} }}
3202: Returns the list of supported operating systems that can be used as compute resources.  The function is called with an argument specifying which type or kind scheduling
3203: Checks if two numbers have the same sign. If they are both positive or negative, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python
3204: A function that adds two vectors. If the vector's length is not equal, it throws an error message stating their difference in size and returns null
3205: Check the size of an array or list in Python, and return it if valid; otherwise throw error message with invalid argument details .   [END]
3206: This function takes in an input data set and returns the first item of each list.  It is used to presequence lists by removing duplicates from
3207: Removes the specified list of 'custum' or non standard English stop/punctuation from input string.  It also converts all
3208: A function that checks if two numbers are within an error margin of 'epsilon'.  The difference between the first and second number is calculated, then compared
3209: A function that filters out small word from the given tweets. It checks if each character of string is alphaphet or numeri and returns
3210: Normalizes the name of log files. If file's length is more than or equal to three and starts with 'LOG', it returns original string
3211: A function to get the value of an object from its parent's dictionary. If it is part or composed by another objects, then return all values
3212: This function marks the end of lines with periods if they are not already followed by an ACT. If there is no such period, it appends .
3213: Checks if the arguments are used without any argument.  If no arguements or only one is provided, it returns true; otherwise false."
3214: Adds an annotation box on the screen. The parameters are used as labels and text inside it, with options like color of font/background etc.,
3215: Parses the first three characters of string to form an ISBN. If not valid, returns nil; otherwise return parsed isbn as symbol . e
3216: Retrieves the slots of an intents. 1st level slot is always 'intent' and its value will be returned as it should .
3217: Converts latitude and longitute strings to numbers. The input is assumed as comma separated values of the form 'Lat,Lon'. It
3218: A function that rounds up the number to nearest multiple of given integer.  If remainder is zero then it returns original value else adds one more unit until
3219: Calculates the quotient of two numbers.  Code is used to calculate and return one number that results from dividing another by it's own
3220: A function that underlines the input string.  It is used to make it look like an overlined or highlighted line in some output formats such as
3221: This function takes an api string and returns the first part of it.  It splits on '-' character to get package name from APIs .
3222: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in parameters and returns the sum of those values as output." (check if it works with
3223: Generates an id string from file system name and index.  The format is 'fsName:' followed by the mdIndex .'.'"
3224: A function that takes in two arguments, 'd' and the key list. It returns an association of values from dictionary based on provided lists as input
3225: Checks if the given spec is empty.  If it's an atom, returns #true; otherwise return false or nil depending on whether there
3226: A function that sums all the elements of list 'lis' which are divisible by number "n" in Python. The sum is calculated without considering
3227: Calculates the total length of all fingers in an arm. It takes as input one argument, which is expected to be dictionary representing finger positions on each
3228: Checks if an element is in the list. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [1 point] (provide/cont
3229: A function to generate the gray coding of an integer. The input is incremented by one and then XOR'd with its half until it becomes
3230: Generates the USERNAME.SKILLS file name based on skill set and directory path provided by user .   'SS' is used to
3231: Calculates the tax amount based on various factors. If any of these values are less than or equal to $4,8 million then it will be
3232: A function to remove duplicated elements from list. It uses helper recursive method and reverse the resultant sequence of non duplicate element in original order .
3233: A function to get the number of lines in string. It uses recursion and iteration, but it'll only count one line at time due its
3234: This function generates the filename of protein files based on input parameter or default name if not provided  .   It is used to generate statistics about proteins from
3235: A function that computes the gradient of sigmoide activation. It is used in backpropagation algorithm to train neural networks." (def
3236: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
3237: Checks if the given object has any of '{" $ schema ",	" + '" definitions "' or	'+'" properties"' in its key set.
3238: Convert date string to list of integers. If the input is not valid, return #F; otherwise convert it into integer form and returns as [Year
3239: Checks if the command line arguments are provided. If yes, returns True else False .   [END] Code snippet to be added in
3240: A function to validate the placement on an empty chessboard. It checks whether or not it's possible given current state, ie., all
3241: Generates an enumeration of all the keys in given list.  The result is then used to generate .h file with enum declaration and initialization function
3242: Generates an id from the given url. The function takes as input one argument, which is supposed to be URL and returns its last part after removing
3243: Remove all non alphanumeric characters from the resource id.  This is used to ensure that only valid, unique identifiers can be generated and
3244: A function that takes an id and its corresponding list of user reviews as input, returns the number or count associated with it.   .    "ID
3245: Validates the input to act(). Returns an error if it's not valid.  If so, returns that validation result otherwise raises exception with message
3246: A function that generates an identity matrix of size 'n'. The elements on the main diagonal are ones and all other cells contain zeros. This is
3247: This function checks if the input is one of four resilience policy levels. If it's not, then an error message will be displayed and
3248: Generates an URL to the given Google Cloud Platform compute engine resource.  The format is projects/{PROJECT ID}/ zones /{ZONE}/.
3249: Checks if the first character of string is digit. If it's not, then checks rest characters recursively until all digits are found or
3250: A function that returns the reciprocal of its input if it's positive, otherwise return itself as is .   [END] Code : le
3251: A function that performs floor division of two numbers.  It returns the largest integer less than or equal to halfway between them, rounded downwards if
3252: A function that performs linear interpolation.  It takes three parameters - the value to be inserted, and two points of interest in an array or list
3253: This function checks the road's current speed limit. It returns one of several categories based on its actual value, indicating how fast it can travel at
3254: Generates the CEID string to be used in Google Translate API.  The format is ?countrycode:(language). For example, us:-
3255: Returns the line number of an occurrence in 'file'. If not found, returns '-1'.".   [END] Code snippet to
3256: Check if the given list of arguments contains -H or --Help flag and return true when found else false (Define function check to find
3257: A function to calculate the Stirlings numbers. It is used in combinatorial mathematics and probability theory, particularly related with binomial coefficients or stir
3258: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the same number of elements and returns another vector with each element being one less than its
3259: Transforms keys of dictionary or list according to the given transformation function. If no transformations are provided, returns original data unchanged; if lambda is used
3260: A function that takes two scale factors and returns the maximum of their product. If one or both are zero, it will return double its other value if
3261: Implements the Bellmann equation to calculate expected future rewards.  It takes in three parameters - current state value, discount factor and target's predicted
3262: A function to generate the name of denormalized care.  The input is two numbers, representing dimensions and depth respectively . It concatenates these with
3263: A function that returns the neighbors of an inputted binary number.  The result is calculated by performing OR operation with two's complement version and AND
3264: Checks if the given integer is power of two. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true." Code snippet
3265: This function returns the bounding box of circle with given parameters. The boudning boxes are represented as two points in form [(x1 y
3266: Convert string to bool.  If the input is either 'TRUE', or one of ['T','YES'], then return true, else if it
3267: A function that adds two numbers together, but only if the third number is greater than zero and less or equal to one . If not it throws an
3268: A function that multiplies each element of the matrix by all elements in vector.  It then sums up these products to get final result .   The
3269: Generates sequences used in helm test.  .  ```"    })))))).'() '(lambda () (. (( lambda x
3270: Converts an list of frequencies from the format produced by ABCDEntry to Hertz. This function takes in one argument, which is
3271: Checks if player 1 wins the game of rock, paper scisssores. If true then returns 'player_one' else return ''
3272: A recursive function to calculate the sum of halved elements in an input list. The base case is when there's only one element left,
3273: Calculates the area of regular polygon given its length and height.   [1 point]    .easy to read, simple solution with no complex
3274: This function takes an input string and returns the name of employees along with their working days.  It uses '==' to split by equals sign,
3275: Checks if the first character of string is hexadecimal digit. (END SUMMARY).   Code snippet to be used in
3276: A function that builds and returns the string representation of an array.  The input is tokenized by spaces, then joined into one long sentence with space
3277: A function that takes two arguments, string and integer. If the length of inputted 's' is less than or equal to given number then it
3278: A function to escape special characters in string. It replaces &, < , > and ' with their respective HTML entities . Also it converts double
3279: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return True; if it's no/null otherwise false and vice vers
3280: Checks if the string is palidromic. A word or phrase that reads same backward as forward, ignoring spaces and punctuation . e
3281: A function that filters the list of restaurants based on their prices and matching with given criteria.  It takes three parameters - price, restaurant's type
3282: Checks if the output of gaussian optimization program is converging. 1 means it's not, and ->0<=>+9
3283: Check if two strings are permutations of each other. If they're, return #t; otherwise -#&gt;"false". The function
3284: Creates an experiment identifier.  The format is "<experiment network name > _ <num layers> < - neuron count in the hidden layer
3285: Parses the species name from an input string. If it is one of hg[a,b] or mm/zM [or
3286: This function takes two lists of assignments and constructs an ordered matrix from them. The rows are matched based on the assignment values in each list, with
3287: Convert given number of min to human readable time format. e,g., convert(3489); returns '7d1hr'.
3288: A function that adds two vectors. It takes in the coordinates of both vector and returns their sum as another list."   [END] Code
3289: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can choose elements from an array. The formula is used in combinatorics, specifically combinations and
3290: Defines the function setBit which sets one specific position in an integer. The input is two parameters, firstly it's to be updated number
3291: Convert string to integer. If the input is not valid, return as it was given ie., if no conversion possible then returns original value of '
3292: Replace all occurrences of constants in the string with their corresponding values. This function is used to replace constant expressions like '(+ 3 x
3293: A function that takes three lists as input and returns their zipped version. If one of the list is empty, it will return an emtpy
3294: A function that checks if the given URL contains any of specified keyword. If yes, it returns True else False  . It uses recursion to check
3295: Convert Hexadecimal to RGB. Code snippet that converts the given input into its equivalent rgb representation in terms of numbers .
3296: A function that converts input to boolean. If the string is 'True', it returns true, if its equivalent in lower case as ‘False
3297: Converts strings to booleans. If the input is already of type bool, it returns as such; otherwise conversts lower case version
3298: Create pixel data structure.  This function takes an integer and returns the corresponding RGBA values as list of integers in range [(minInt), max
3299: A function that converts numbers to letters. It starts from 'a' and goes upto the letter of number given as input, if it exceeds
3300: Returns true if the object is an end of array.  Otherwise, returns false or nil .   "Ends" are used to mark where arrays
3301: Returns the value of an object's JSON entry. If it doesn’t exist, throws error message with given name and location information about where to
3302: This function returns the directory where AVALANCES work. If it is set, then that value will be returned; otherwise current working dir of
3303: Create or update the value of an object' s public/ private attribute.  If not found, return false .   The function is used to set
3304: Returns the value of N's rightmost set bits.   Code snippet to be used in other parts or as part on your own project
3305: Checks if the given list of strings contains 'covid – -' tag. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." ---
3306: Compute the cross product of two three dimensional points in space using only basic arithmetic operations and no builtin functions or procedures like dot, length etc
3307: A function to get the number of digtis in an integer. It uses recursion and division by ten until it reaches zero, then returns total count
3308: Creates an indicator of the type level. 1= error,  0 = note , -3 =  convention and warning . The levels are used
3309: Check if an argument is constant integer. If it's none or nonconstant then throw error message; otherwise return true .   [END] Code
3310: Compare two JSON objects. If they are equal, return true; otherwise false."   }}}}}} . ")"} ]]]"}]])"]
3311: Checks if the given string is void. A "Void" in programming refers to an empty state or absence of value, which can be represented
3312: A function that repeats the application of its first argument to itself. The number and result are specified by second arguments respectively, until zero is reached in
3313: Checks if the sides of triangle are valid.  Returns false or true depending on whether it is possible to form such triangles with given side lengths
3314: A function to perform cross matching on names. It can be used in various programming languages like Python, Rackt and others by defining the language specific
3315: A function to perform binary search on an ordered list of numbers. It returns the position if found, else it will return zero." (def
3316: A function that calculates the value of f(x). The input is multiplied by an offset and then subtracted from its original. This results
3317: A function that removes line end characters from the input string.  It does so by filtering out any character in 'data' which is not equal to
3318: This function converts voltage to degree of the given frequency in terms on one harmonic oscillator'sinusoidal oscillation." --->(def
3319: A function that takes three numbers and an intensity scale as input, then returns the lighter version of color by reducing its RGB values according to given 'factor
3320: This function returns 'M' if the input number is greater than or equal to one hundred and thirty, otherwise it will return either an uppercase letter
3321: A function to calculate the rest frame width of an object in 3D space, given its length and angle with respect ot horizontal axis at any point
3322: A function to check if the given filename is ignored.  It uses an optional list of files that should be considered as "hidden" or not present
3323: Clean sentences in the given input.  Input is assumed to be plaintext and cleaned by removing punctuation, converting all characters into lowercase etc.,
3324: Checks if all elements of the first list are in other.  If yes, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to
3325: Analyzes the data drifting in datasets. (code): A function that checks if there is any kind of 'datasets' or
3326: Convert the given List to Dictionary.  Code snippet that converts an inputted array into dictionary format where each element of first index is key
3327: A recursive function to calculate the power of number using Fermats little theorem. It is used in cryptography and computer science, where it's
3328: Checks if the given player is on all diagonals of an equilateral triangle.  If so, returns #true; otherwise return false
3329: This function takes in two arguments, an array of rows and the maximum number –max. It then maps over every row to check if its length
3330: Converts the coordinates of each vertex in all rings within an array. It maps over every ring and then map again to convert them into exact numbers
3331: A function that checks if the given word is in any of its constituent parts.  If it's not, then return false; otherwise true
3332: A function that converts the input string to lower case if 'asLowerCase' is true, otherwise it will convert into upper.  It uses
3333: A function to generate the grants list. It takes two parameters, one is number of requests and another parameter indicates whether it'll be first request or
3334: Returns the size of an object in bytes. The result is rounded to nearest whole number as it's not possible with fractional values . Parameter
3335: Removes all spaces and tabs from the input string. The function is recursive, so it will continue to call itself until there are no more characters
3336: A function to convert time in secs into human readable format. It uses quotients and remainders of division by the number system, converting them
3337: This function calculates the chunking factor based on given parameters. It scales down or up depending upon whether it is necessary to reduce, increase ,or
3338: Returns the value of element at index 'q' in list with respect to order 1. The function takes four arguments - two lists and an integer
3339: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false .   Interval is defined as an interval of real numbers with
3340: A function that subtracts one from the first argument and then multiplies it by another. The result is returned as output of your program'd
3341: A function to remove the trailing numerics from string. If no such character exists, it returns original input as is." Code sn
3342: A function to get an element from the graph. It uses recursion and backtracking until it finds its position in case of multi graphs."
3343: Convert all the characters in variable to title case.  If it's not possible, return an empty string or raise exception if necessary .
3344: Checks if the section is valid. It should have exactly two elements, and they are both strings or numbers."  	; Code checks whether given
3345: This function calculates the final velocity of an object with given parameters.  It takes into account that objects are accelerating and deceleration over their
3346: Convert RGB color to grayscale.   Code snippet that converts an input of three numbers from the range [(R,G),(
3347: Returns all the items in 'unit' list that have '_price', or if not present, it returns only those with _name.  It filters
3348: Convert LandsAt URL to Sentry 4G format using USGS LandSat Look service .'	   '    ''')"'''))
3349: Analyze character sequences in the given string. It finds all possible three characters combinations that are present within it and returns them as list of strings, if
3350: Checks if all characters in the given input are numerics. If yes, returns #T; otherwise it will return false and indicate that not every
3351: Removes hyphenated strings from the input list.  Input is split by ' ', and then each string in turn gets replaced with its non-"
3352: Solves the problem of increasing and decreasing sequences. It counts how many times there are three consecutive numbers that increase or decrease from one to another in an
3353: Checks if the first character of two strings are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise checks recursively with remaining characters in
3354: Extracts the user id from JWT token' s PayLoad.  This function is used to get User ID in every request made by
3355: A function that handles the conversion of years to their century. It takes into account if they are greater than or less then specific values and adjusts accordingly
3356: A function to determine the kind of axes in an image. The input is assumed as string and returns one outof three possible values - 'p
3357: Checks if all elements in the list are unique.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." Code is checking whether each element
3358: A function that rounds the input to nearest multiple of given number.  If it is already divisible by 'size', returns as same value, else
3359: Calculates the miles per gasoline consumed by car.  Inputs are starting and ending mileage, along with number of fueled trips in lit
3360: This function filters the input points based on their values and returns them after applying some transformations depending upon whether they are less than or greater equal to certain value
3361: Converts binary to decimal using bitwise operations in Scheme programming language." --->(1, "Conversion of Binary number
3362: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, and it returns one otherwise
3363: Returns the indices of items in an expression list.  If no item is selected, returns nil; otherwise it will return all indexed values from runtime
3364: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, in which case it returns
3365: Finds the URL of YouTube Channel associated with an Item object in Python 3." (def findChannelUrl .item )" -> Returns
3366: Transposes the list of lists.  For example, ((1 . #t), (#f ,3 ),(4,.7)). =>((#
3367: Calculates the remainder of summing up all powers from 'd' to '.stop.' with given power. The result is calculated using modular arithmetic
3368: Checks if all elements in the given '(list)' are true.  If not, returns false; otherwise return True .   Code is used
3369: Checks if one end of two rectangles overlap.  If so, returns 'true'. Otherwise -> "false".   Inputs are the
3370: Checks if the given file is an example DAG.  This function checks whether or not it contains .exampledag extension in its name
3371: This function takes in the file system's full or partial paths and returns only its last component.  It is used to get just filename from absolute
3372: Returns the exit information of an execution.  [...]" . $1; }' --> getExitInfo(jobReportDictionary); }; then
3373: A function that swaps the values of two links. The result is half as fast, but with opposite signs and inversely proportional to their original speeds
3374: A function to parse string into float or number if possible, else return zero .   Code snippet : #lang racket/base    Input
3375: A function that returns the first valid entry in an ordered dictionary.  It uses recursion to search through nested dictionaries and lists until it finds one
3376: A recursive function to join strings in list.  The base case is when the input string length equals zero, then return an empty String; otherwise
3377: A recursive function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. If it encounters pairs, then each element within those pair is also
3378: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two variables.  The result is then used to determine if multivariable analysis should be performed or not, based on
3379: A function to solve quadratic equations.  The equation is of the form ax^{n} +bx =c .   It takes three parameters,
3380: A function that merges two lists by comparing the last elements of each pair. If they are equal, it appends them to their respective pairs and
3381: A function that gets the text of all paragraph elements in an HTML page.  It uses BeautifulSouper to parse and filter out non block level
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers. If the first number in each pair is greater than or equal to second, return true; otherwise false." (
3383: Merge two lists into one. If the length of 'src' is less than that and vice versa, it will append all elements from longer
3384: Checks if the input is valid social security number. A SSN must be exactly ten digits, and it should not contain any hyphens (-
3385: Returns the user part of an email address.  If no CNAME is provided, returns #F .   The function splits by '/' and
3386: A recursive function to calculate the maximum sum of products that can be obtained by multiplying two numbers in an array. The product is calculated as twice
3387: Computes the number of elements in each level/depth within an array. (Note that it counts all levels, not just one.)"
3388: A function to escape semicolons in strings. It replaces each occurrence of ";;" with %% and the rest characters are appended as is
3389: Returns all input files in the current directory that are part of any given list.  If no such file exists, it returns an empty set."
3390: Calculates the percentage difference between two EUROPEAN values. 	Inputs are DELTA VALUE, MINIMUM EU RO
3391: Transform the given string into list of strings.  The input is assumed to be in csv format and each element should form one item on output
3392: This function takes in an input and applies the sigmoide activation to it, which is used as part of secure multi learning algorithms." . \
3393: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI NUMBER. The base cases are when 'number' is less than or
3394: Convert string to hexadecimal. Code snippet that converts the input character set into its equivalent in Hex format using ASCII values
3395: A function to match two strings. If they are the same, return true; if one is empty and another isn't then false otherwise it checks
3396: A function to compute the tangent of an angle in radians, but with two possible values instead one and zero . The ata is computed using
3397: A recursive function to check if the input string is balanced. It uses lambda functions and let rec in Haskell style syntax, with an
3398: Generates the name of an output file based on input parameters – Model Name, Language Code and File Extension . Txt Gz format is used
3399: This function takes in two lists, one of genes and another list that maps each region to its corresponding range. It then returns the data associated with these
3400: A function that converts RGB color values to grayscale. The input is an integer between [0,1] and the output will be also
3401: Generates the URL to access private methods.  For example, if you have an object with name 'obj' and it has two public properties named
3402: Checks if the file is an original d endritus.  If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .   Code sn
3403: A function to update the state of an OS Service.  It takes three parameters - 'action' and two other arguments, which are used as part
3404: Looks up the security Group ID in an EC … .  1. Create or get AWS Session and Client instance, then perform lookup on Security
3405: Returns the scadar rate of trading if it exists, else returns false.   .    Code snippet to be used in other parts or
3406: Finds the first occurrence of an element in ascending order within given 'window' size. If not found, returns '-1'. The function takes
3407: Computes the log probability density function of Beta distribution with parameters α and μ, given by P(X = x | µ). The
3408: Returns the intersection of two bounds. The first element is max(x, y), and second one min((z),(w)). This function takes in
3409: Computes receptor field pool size. The function takes in the number of neurons, initial layer depth and shifts between layers as parameters to calculate total
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to str. 1/3 of the total output is converted into text and other two third are ignored .'
3411: Counts the number of edges in an array.  This is done by summing up all elements within each subarray, resulting from applying 'length
3412: A function that returns the list of elements in "input" which match with given value from another filtered/filtered element.  It uses recursion
3413: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division
3414: This function takes in the city name and returns it with 'Mt.' before if not already present.  It is used to fix mount names from
3415: A function to generate an abbreviated monitor name.  It takes the full version of Monitor's Name and returns its shorter form, which is '
3416: Convert the inputted comma separated list into an internal representation.  If empty or null, return error message and exit program; otherwise convert to symbol table
3417: A function to calculate the luminance of an RGB or CMYK value. The formula used is based on human perception and it's not perfect
3418: A function that rounds down the number to its nearest multiple of given 'factor'.  For example, roundDown(10.6789
3419: A function that returns the default object if it is not provided.  Otherwise, return its current state as an argument of 'obj'.
3420: Prints the selected post' information. It takes as input an array with posts and prints out specific details about each one, such like its ID or
3421: A function to format the data type.  It checks if it's 'doubles', then returns f, otherwise check whether its an integer
3422: Traditionally, the constant is found in terms of the number and type. For example 'pi' or "e". However it has been replaced by
3423: A function to get the alias of programming language from its fullname.  If no match found, return original input as it is .   Code sn
3424: A function that italics the inputted text.  It checks if an argument is not of type 'STRING' and raises exception otherwise, then append
3425: This function splits the dictionary into its constituent entries.  It is used to convert Neotoma's data format back onto Python lists of
3426: Merge two lists in ascending order. If one list is empty, return the other as result; if both are nonempty and their first elements
3427: A recursive function that generates the first N zeroes in an arithmetic sequence. The input is represented as U, and it returns all zeros
3428: A function that checks if the length of input string is between two and four hundred. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
3429: Checks if any item in the list 'items' is present within string ‘test’. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .
3430: Toggles the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number "val". If it was set, resets to unset. Otherwise
3431: Checks if the given operator is one of comparison operators. 1/6th percentile in terms on whether or not it's an ar
3432: Calculates the relation between two numbers. If both are zero, returns ‘Zero’; otherwise it calcula… .'s absolute value of
3433: This function takes an application's file path as input and returns the last part of that string.  It does so by splitting it into segments based
3434: A recursive function to calculate the fibonacci sequence. It uses memoization, which is an optimization technique used primarily in dynamic programming solutions
3435: A function that takes in an argument and checks if it is either not provided or returns the input as list. If its type isn't one among
3436: Checks if the given string is in win condition. If it'll be true, returns #t else false . It checks whether all characters are
3437: Generates RGB color at given position on the rgb "wheels" or hue/saturation curve. The input is an integer between
3438: A function that calculates the inner product of two lists. The input is assumed to be sorted strings, and each string in list represents an integer number
3439: Returns the list of divisor numbers. The function takes an integer as input and returns its all possible factors in form array/list . It uses l
3440: A recursive function that removes vowels from the inputted text. It uses helper functions to check each character in order and only keeps those characters which
3441: Returns the number of coefficients needed to represent polynomial with given 'degree'. The coefficient is calculated as summation from i=0 upto n(i
3442: Removes the word 'additional' and any following content from every line of input string.  It is used to clean up an email message where
3443: Checks if the list is empty or contains only spaces.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length :10 lines -
3444: Returns the color as list of floats in RGBA format, where each float is between [1/n] and [-(infinity)]
3445: Checks if the input is valid timeout and returns it in seconds, otherwise throws an error message .   [END] Code:.   1st line
3446: A function that calculates the quartics ease out effect. It takes in an input position and returns its easing value based on Quartz's
3447: Validates if the input is dictionary with two or three elements in list. If yes, then it checks whether all values are either numbers and symbols except
3448: A function that masks an IP address with respect to the given network mask. The input is two parameters - 'ip' and its corresponding subnet
3449: A function that multiplies each element of the vector by scalar.  It uses map to apply lambda on every item in list and returns new result
3450: A function that returns the integer value of an input parameter. The result is calculated by rounding down to nearest whole number, and then multiplied with
3451: Checks if the given input is palidromic. A word, phrase or number that reads same backward as forward e..g "madam
3452: This function takes an integer input and returns the corresponding three bit binary representation. It is used to convert from decimal number system into its equivalent in base two
3453: A function to calculate the CGX value.  The input parameters are as follows ->	N, Ω ,k .l.,m,.
3454: Checks if the given string contains either domain or service. If it does, then checks whether that segment is in list of valid formats (.e.,
3455: A function that strips the given string from its beginning until it matches with provided one. If no match found, an error will be thrown .   [
3456: Limits the coordinates of an input bounding box to be within specific ranges (-π, +Π). If they are outside these limits then it
3457: Checks if the argument is one of four cardinal directions.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Code length :10 lines    Test cases to
3458: Convert string to index.  For example, convert 'abc' into the number corresponding with its binary representation which is then used as an input in some
3459: Defines function to swap first two elements of list. 1st element becomes the last, and second remains in its original position . Returns new sw
3460: A recursive function that generates the first N numbers in an infinite sequence of ones. The input is integer, and returns list with these number(s
3461: Convert string to list of strings. The input is the comma separated values in one line, and it returns each value as an element on its own separate
3462: A recursive implementation to generate FIBONACCI series upto nth term." (defun make_average #| This
3463: Translate the given type of subsets to their corresponding names.  If no match is found, default it as 'Best'.   . Code snip
3464: Sort the list in ascending order using only two numbers. The first number is always zero, followed by one and then any other integer that appears twice
3465: This function converts the given list of numbers into an integer. It calculates and returns how far off from halfway it is in terms on absolute
3466: A function to check if an integer is prime. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm, which finds all numbers upto '
3467: A recursive function to generate the shape of triangle. The base case is when h = 3, it returns 'xxx'. For other values greater than
3468: A function that replaces all whitespace characters in the string with underscores.  It is used to create unique filenames from strings of
3469: Finds the maximum value in list.  If input is empty, returns an error message (-1). Else if there're only one element
3470: Augments the features of an input list or vector. If 'augm...' is provided, it applies augmentations to each element in sequence and
3471: This function takes the string representation of an OSIsoft Docs Version and returns it as integers. It splits on '.' to get Major,
3472: A function to shift the digits of an integer left by 'n' places. For example, if you have input as "number = 34
3473: Calculates the minimum of two time points.  Code is written in Scheme language and calculs minima between given times .  	Example usage
3474: Returns the first three nodes of each server in 'service list' that contains string matching with '/record/'. If no such servers exist, it returns
3475: This function calculates the camera target position based on two extensts of an object' s viewpoint and returns it as list [X,
3476: Find all the ways of placing 'length' number on board with given constraints. The placement is done by taking one side at each step and filling in
3477: This function is used to shutdown all GPUs when they are idle.  It takes an optional parameter 'Duration' which specifies how long the system should
3478: A function to calculate the latent heat of vaporization given temperature in Kelvin and pressure or relative humidity, using an approximation from NASA's
3479: Counts the number of unique lower case English word in list.  Code is used to count how many different palindromic phrases are there within
3480: A function to check if an author is in the list of bibliographic organizations.  It uses memoization and recursion, checking each organization
3481: A function to get the RGB values from an input.  If no argument provided, it will throw error; if integer or list of three elements are
3482: This function pads the given list with empty elements to reach length 'm' by adding them at end. If current size of input is less than required
3483: Returns the static dimension of one or both shapes. If they have different number, returns smaller size's Shape."; (comment "This
3484: Returns the high byte of an integer. 16 bit value is converted to its highest order bytes in binary representation, and then returned as result .
3485: Converts the name of an Event to its corresponding number. If it is 'Baselines', returns zero, otherwise conversts and return as
3486: A function that takes in two lists, one of strings and the other as word filter. It returns only those elements from first list which are present within
3487: A function that returns either one or zero depending on whether the first argument is less than, equal to ,or greaterthan second. Arguments are considered
3488: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.  	     .   		     	   10,46
3489: A function that calculates the incrementally weighted mean of data points. The first input is always used to initialize, and subsequent inputs are ignored until all
3490: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, in which case it returns
3491: get value from json dictionary.  if the given 'dict' is empty or doesn’t contain an element with that name, it returns false;
3492: This function filters the list of detection objects based on their category id.  It takes three arguments - Detection List, Label Map Dict and Sub
3493: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated results in memory so that it can
3494: Checks if the given string contains "apts", and also checks whether it's part of an upgrade command. 1/0 answer based
3495: A function that checks if the length of inputted text is more than or equal, and returns it. If not then return original message else nothing .
3496: Returns true if the given 'field' is less than or equal to ‘value’. Otherwise, it returns false."  	     . "
3497: Convert list of strings to plaintext. If the input is not string or nonetext, return it as given .   Code snippet :
3498: Returns the URL to get coverage data.  If no name is provided, it returns default one."   . )"    ,,,,")))))
3499: Split the input comma separated list into tokens.  Each element in output is trimmed of leading and trailing whitespace characters, if any exist
3500: Remove all non numeric characters from the input string.  This is useful when you want to convert your data into numbers, but keep track of original
3501: Calculates the reward based on current state and chosen actio.n . The result is negative of difference between states & actions, which means that it
3502: Modifies the output of an editor.  If 'm' is equal to o, it wraps in ```FIX and adds a newline
3503: A function to calculate the multivariable binomiials coefficients. It uses recursion and memoization technique." --->(defun
3504: This function calculates two parameters, θ1 and φ in our model. It takes as input four lists of numbers representing counts A &
3505: A function that clips scalar values to be within the range [min,max].  If value is greater than maximum then it returns Maximum.
3506: Checks if the given integer is palidromic. 10 digits long or less, and returns true/false accordingly .
3507: This function checks if two strings are the same, ignoring case. If they're not equal in any way it returns false; otherwise true is
3508: Removes the specified string from each element of an array. The function takes two arguments, '(list ...)' and another argument which is to be
3509: A function that concatenates all the strings in an input list. The order of elements is not important and duplicated string will be removed from final result
3510: Returns the start of row in matrix. This function is used to calculate where we should begin reading from when printing out rows and columns separately or as one
3511: Creates an array of two elements representing the start and stop positions in one direction. The distance is calculated as absolute value, so it can be negative
3512: A function that converts the first character of an upper case string to lower. If it is already in Lower Case, then return as Is . e
3513: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit. It takes one argument, the value in cesuis temp and returns
3514: This function pads sequences to the maximum length. It takes as input two parameters, an array of strings and integer representing sequence'maximum allowed leng
3515: Parses GFF3 Attributes.  Input is string of comma separated key value pairs, outputs hash with keys and values parsed from input .
3516: This function returns the directory of given file or folder. If it is not provided, then current working dir will be returned else if its ending with /
3517: Generates the URL of Biocoq data experiment tarballs from given parameters – Package, PACKAGE VERSION and BIOC
3518: Checks if the first part of two paths are equal. If yes, then it checks whether all subsequent parts match in both lists respectively and returns true
3519: Remove the .XML extension from file names.   Code snippet to remove XML extensions in filenames if they exist on disk and return them
3520: Calculates the mean percentage of absolute difference between true and predicted values. This is used to measure how well our model predicts future data points based on
3521: A recursive function to reverse the string. The input is an arbitrary length of characters, and it returns reversed version as output in one line only
3522: Convert Mile to KM using the conversion factor of .87 in C++ Code Snippet ##CppConversionFactors##
3523: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses iteration to compute fibonacci numbers." Code snip
3524: Add two 1 byte integers. Returns the result as an integer in range [0,7]. If overflow occurs then returns -(overflow + 3
3525: This function reverses the order of all phrases in an input string.  It splits it into individual sentences, then joins them back together with spaces
3526: A function to identify the phase in an informational files.  It checks if certain keywords are present and returns corresponding string (" preproc", ' exec
3527: A function to calculate the smooth step value of input parameter 't'. It is used in interpolation and animation calculations." (END OF CODE
3528: A function that performs binary XOR operation on two strings. The result is represented as ‘#t’ if the bits are different and '	#
3529: Checks if the least significant bit of an integer is set. If so, returns 'true', otherwise it will return "false". This function checks
3530: Finds the first upper case letter in string.  If no such character exists, returns an empty list."  ```   ``` ` `` .
3531: Converts string to boolean. If the input argument matches one of these strings, it returns true; otherwise false." . "\r\x0
3532: A function to check if the message type and content are suitable. This will be used in user event search feature of telegram bot API .   [
3533: Initializes the initial state of all cells in an n x m cell world with equal probability, resulting as if they were all initially pure random and equally
3534: Calculates the average salary of employees in two salaries ranges, or returns #F if no valid range is provided." Code snip
3535: A recursive function that finds the smallest number in an input list, but not zero. If all numbers are zeros it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise
3536: Count the number of bits in an integer. The input is represented as binary and it counts how many times one bit has been set to 'one'.
3537: A function that returns the date in string format newer than given input.  It takes two parameters, 'num' and an optional parameter of units ('
3538: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.  	     .   		     	   10,46
3539: This function takes in an n x m Matrix and returns the transpose of it.  It does so by reversing each sublist, resulting into
3540: Checks if two states are the same.  It uses equal?. This function is used to check whether or not we have reached our goal state in
3541: Generates the information about races that will occur in future.  It takes into account if there is an upcoming UTE event or not and provides relevant
3542: A recursive function that searches through the given markers to find if they are within specified range. If found, it returns true; otherwise false is
3543: A list of all possible variations on the word 'nothing'. It is used to handle different forms in programming languages that have no value or meaning, such
3544: A function to get the position of scanners in one layer. The input is two parameters, 'time' and "height". It calculates an
3545: Adds the content of one HTML document to another.  This is useful when you want your webpage' data in an appended manner rather than
3546: Finds the maximum depth of any subtree in binary tree. It starts at root and goes as deep down to leaf nodes, counting each level until
3547: Check if all the images are single. If yes, return true; otherwise false . (code): )} }}}}}} }} ; end group
3548: Checks if the given string is equal to 'Freezers' in lower case. 1/0 -> boolean value indicating whether or not
3549: A function to find the next highest integer that is not less than or equal in size. This can be used as an efficient way of finding powers,
3550: A function to calculate the distance between two points in n dimensions. The input is three parameters - another point and an additional parameter, which represents how many
3551: This function converts the output dimensions of space to depth. It takes as an argument, in order ,the number and size(s),of each
3552: A function that returns an error message when the input is not of type 'expected'.  It's used to catch and report errors in user inputs
3553: Interval intersection. Given two intervals, return the common one if it exists; otherwise null is returned in both cases when either of them are empty or
3554: Generates the string representation of an XML element.  The format is <clusterName><element/> </.   .    ....... .........
3555: A function that divides the first argument by second. If division is not possible, it returns ‘Zero’ and if an arithmetic error occurs
3556: Checks if the coordinates of an object are within range. The first two elements represent x and y, both in [O; O] to be
3557: A function to parse the gbif species identification codes. It checks if they contain specific keywords and returns corresponding identifiers . If not, it defaults
3558: A function to calculate the radius of an ellipse. The formula used is sqrt(|m*h^3/4G|^1
3559: Checks if the given string is either '----' or ‘’s MMF footer. If so, returns true; otherwise false."
3560: A function to find the greatest common divisior of two numbers. It uses recursion and reduces problems by breaking them down into smaller subproblems
3561: Generates list of mixture weights. Each element in the returned tuple is an indexed string that represents each weight within its respective mixer's range
3562: This function takes in an ASCII encoded input and outputs the corresponding non asccii characters. It does so by iterating over each character of given
3563: Code defines the Gauss–Seidel method.  It takes four parameters - initial guess, final value and two bounds on input values to be solved
3564: Generates the name of tile directory based on given coordinates.  It is used to generate unique names in case two tiles with same position are created at
3565: Returns the inverse of class to index dictionary.  It is used in conjunction with get indices from classes function .  	It returns an object that can
3566: A function to get the Air Quality Index level based on its relative humidity.  It returns one of five categories depending upon how much moisture is in
3567: A function that returns the ratios of two vectors. If they are not equal in length, it throws an error message and return 'false'. Otherwise calcul
3568: Checks if the given '(student)'s marks are equal to their respective "Final Mark" or not.  If they match, it
3569: A binary search algorithm implementation. It takes in an array and the value to be found, along with two indices denoting where it should start searching from
3570: rescales the given number within an interval to another.  It takes four arguments, two of which are required and three optional ones too."
3571: Computes the coefficients of rayleigh damper model in terms on two parameters, alpha and beta . The function takes as input an array with three
3572: A function to shift the bits of an integer value.  The result is another number with fewer than three bytes, and it's used in various
3573: This function returns the rank of an object in terms on its singular values. It is used to determine how many components are needed from these SingValues
3574: A function to truncates the decimal part of numbers. It rounds down if number has more digitis than decimais, otherwise it keeps as is
3575: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n), where if 'N' is
3576: Convert Oxford comma text to list. For example, input is `(call/kbd . ,,, in the middle of an argument )` output
3577: A function that divides each element in the given input by an arbitrary number.  The result is returned as output of map operation which applies to all
3578: A function to calculate the float value of an integer parameter. The result is scaled down by ten times." (defun makeFloatParameter .3
3579: A function that checks if the given 'score' is in any of provided list.  If it finds one, returns true; otherwise false."
3580: Calculates the variance of an array. The formula used is (*p(-n))/((* -(*)).(/ . N))."
3581: Counts the number of files in each folder. The function takes as input an array with member ID'S and returns count from all non-"folder
3582: A function to truncates the seconds from given time stamp. It takes in one argument, which is assumed be of type integer representing number or float value
3583: A recursive function that prints all elements of the list in order. It uses cond to handle two cases, when there are no more items left or
3584: Convert the given 3 element list to UCSC format. The first two elements are converted into string, and then combined with '-' as separ
3585: A recursive function to calculate the sum of square numbers upto 'n'. The base case is when we reach zero, in which point it returns
3586: Generates the first part of an EC instance id. If Reservations is not available, it will return 'None'. Otherwise returns reserved instances ID
3587: A function to calculate the heuistic distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an integer representing how far apart they are,
3588: Get the value of an SENML record. If not found, return #F; otherwise returns its JSON representation as string or symbol if it is
3589: This function takes in column names and cleans them by removing the square brackets around numeric indices. It does not affect nonnumerical or alphan
3590: Parses an object to return its numeric value if it is, otherwise returns the string representation of that number.  If not applicable then simply
3591: A function to calculate the air density at given temperature and pressure, using an approximation of Air's Reflected Radiation Intensity from its W
3592: A function that takes in three parameters, cyclically shifts the first parameter by one position to right within its range. The second and third arguments specify an
3593: Computes the heat transfer coefficient hr/m^3 from given parameters of thermal conductivity, specific heats and temperatures in kWh/(km
3594: A function that generates unique label names from the given list of lines. The input is an ordered set, and each element in it represents one or more
3595: This function is used to set the device based on its current state. It can be either 'Auth Device' or Auth, but not both at once
3596: This function calculates the absolute difference between each pair of colors in two lists. It's used to measure color distance, which is often measured as
3597: Checks if the input is within valid range of colours. If yes, returns 'true', else false or an error message indicating invalid color value .
3598: Checks if the list is symmetric.  It does so by comparing its first element with it'S reverse of itself . If they are equal then
3599: A function to find the value associated with given key in dictionary.  It uses recursion and dicts' internal functions like 'key?' ,'.
3600: A function that computes the sigmoide of its input, which is used in neural networks to model non linearity and activation functions" . -
3601: A function that replaces multiples of both three and five with 'FIZZ', multiple by four, to replace the word buzz. If number is
3602: Finishes the upgrade of tar ball in given directory. 1st parameter is path to current install dir, second one - where should be installed upgraded
3603: Merge two sections of an index. If the first section is empty, then use second one as result; if there are common elements in both lists
3604: Calculation of GINI index. It is used to calculate the quality or disorder in data set, where each row represents an instance and columns represent
3605: Replaces the first occurrence of one string with another in an inputted list. If no such instance exists, it returns original value as is."
3606: A function that returns the default value of an inputted parameter based on its name and whether it is currently being processed or transmitted, returning zero if neither
3607: Generates keys to be used in the link table.  '(Type, id and url).   .   `))))) ,,, `((
3608: A function to get the tag associated with COVID - .NET CODE.   SUMMARY : GENERATE TAGS FOR SECTION OF
3609: Checks if the value is not within specified range. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether given number falls in between two numbers
3610: This function takes in an array of URLs and replaces the last part with given string. It uses map to apply lambda on each element,
3611: Builds an extension string. If no parameter is provided, it returns the base of any given .scm file; otherwise builds up to naming
3612: A function to wrap JavaScript in <SCRIPT><\/SCRIPTS\>  tags.  This is useful when embedding scripts into HTML files, or using
3613: Checks if the given string is one of several requirements.  It checks whether it's null, an empty space or starts with # , -
3614: A function that returns the greeting message. 1 line only, no parameters needed to run it .   Example usage : saludo("Juan
3615: Checks if the first string starts with another.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .'s"
3616: Checks if the number is even. If yes, returns true; otherwise false."
3617: Returns the letter of excel sheet based on its index. For example, if you pass in 'A', it will return A; If passed an integer
3618: Converts the given 3D surface coordinates to LPS. The input is in Cartesian coordinate system and output will be converted into Latitude
3619: Parses the given list of numbers and returns them as strings separated by commas or semicolons. If there are no elements in input,
3620: Returns the domain name of an IP address.  Input is assumed to be in format 'xxx . xxxx'.  	Output will always return
3621: A function to calculate the value of Z^k*l. If 'L' is less than or equal with K, it returns one else zero
3622: Split string into lines. Code is based on the scheme language's version of split function, which splits strings by newline characters and returns
3623: A function that returns the maximum length of strings in an input list.  If empty, it will return zero .   It uses recursion to find
3624: Checks if the given string is palidromic. 1/0 or #true/.#false depending on whether it's true that
3625: A function that calculates the delt between each pair of elements in an input list. If there is only one element, it returns []. El
3626: Code to check if setup tools are enabled. (defun isSetupToolsEnabled() )   ;; define the function here...    Summary of
3627: A function that checks if the chocolate maker can make chocolates with given ingredients. The input is two numbers, 'small' and "big",
3628: A recursive function to calculate the FIBO sequence. The base cases are defined as fibonacci(0), = 4, and =
3629: Update only existing keys in the first dictionary with values from second. If key does not exist, it is ignored and kept unchanged on both dictionaries."
3630: Generates the OAuth headers required to authenticated requests. 1/3 of total time spent on server, no data sent or received over network
3631: Checks if the key is available in json object. 	Inputs : Json Object and Key, Output -> Boolean indicating whether or not it
3632: A function to calculate the value of an asymmetrical polynomial. The coefficients are given in terms on 'beta'. This is done by using two functions
3633: A function that calculates the total cost of an item.  The parameters are quantity, unit price and tax rate respectively .   It returns summation
3634: A function that returns the input tuple with its length fixed to 'n'. If it's less than ‘’, then append extra elements of
3635: A function to convert names into HTML title. If the length of input is less than or equal ten, it returns original string; otherwise split by spaces
3636: A function to generate the filename of an output file based on given parameters .  The format is Zmhc10p37Tl
3637: Checks if the given string is progress indicator.  It checks whether it ends with 'k' or not, and returns true/false accordingly based
3638: Returns the suffix to be used in naming winlink files.  If manifest is true, appends _managed; otherwise just returns an empty
3639: Convert all non numeric characters in the input to {}  . e.g., convert 'a' into {}, and keep other character as it is
3640: A function that calculates the sum of cubes. The input is multiplied by itself seven times to create an exponential growth pattern, then added together
3641: Checks if the string is palidromic. 1/3 of all strings are considered as "PalinDROMes". A list
3642: A function to calculate the estimation formula based on dynamic background. It takes three parameters - 'growth', and two constants, which are used in calculating
3643: Interleaves two lists. If one of the input is empty, it returns other's nonempty part as result; if both are empt
3644: A function to calculate the mid point index of an array. If length is odd, round down; if even then return halfway between two middle elements
3645: This function calculates the waiting times of different types patient in an emergency room system. It takes as input all individual entities and returns two lists, one
3646: Checks if the number is divisible by two. If it's even, returns true; otherwise false .   [Hint : Use mod
3647: Convert numbers and vectors to linear scale, convert lists of values into one value list or pair elements in the input vector / number pairs upto two decimal
3648: Convert the given time period in terms of hours, days or weeks to its description.  For example '30min' would be converted into an
3649: A function that displays the arguments passed to it, then returns nothing but cries after being given some word list as an argument and displays its contents on screen
3650: This function reverses the string if it starts with '-' or not. If no such character exists, then return original input as is .   Code
3651: This function checks if the three points are in counterclockwise order. It does so using cross product and then checking whether it is positive or negative,
3652: Sorting function that sorts lists of elements. It uses recursion to sort the list and deletes duplicates before applying itself on each element in order
3653: Creates an indexed name.  The result is of the form '(dict . X).'   This function creates and returns named indexes in
3654: Checks if the given argument is float. 1/3rd of all functions in Scheme programming language that check whether an object or variable represents
3655: A function that calculates the ratio of two numbers.  It's called share, because it gives an idea about how much one number is shared
3656: Returns the target position based on direction of movement in degrees from north, east or south and west respectively; if no specific move is needed then returns current
3657: Generates unique names by incrementing the count of existing ones. If no such an id exists, it generates one and adds to dict .   [
3658: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n,a), where 'count'
3659: Calculates the harmonic mean of an input list. The function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be another sequence or collection and returns its "
3660: Converts negative index values to positive. If the value is already nonnegative, it leaves as such; otherwise adds 'ndim' at end
3661: A function that returns foreign keys from the given list.  If no key is found, it will return false; otherwise ,it'll convert string
3662: A function that calculates the average of two numbers given as input parameters to it, with an optional third parameter specifying whether or not we should round
3663: Creates an object with the given magnitude, targeting date and coordinates.  The hash function is used to store these values in memory as key/
3664: Rescales the value of an old range to new values.  The resizing is done in proportion with respecting min and max ranges, not
3665: Convert seconds to samples. 1 second = 480, sample rate = .963 Hz -> convert sec into number of audio frames
3666: Convert the input string to ISO format. If it is in YYYYMMDDHHmmSSS or MM/DD HH mm SS
3667: Parses an agent list from string input.  The agents are separated by commas and each one is represented as [count name]. If count
3668: Returns the ARN of an IAM role that grants basic execution rights to Lambda functions.  This is used by AWS when executing your function locally
3669: A function to calculate the area of triangle. The input is two parameters, one representing length and other as breadth or side respectively which are used in
3670: A function to calculate the cude of an input.  Input is cubed in return value .   Example :(input=10)(output
3671: A function that checks if the given object is of type git or github.  It also returns true only when it'll accept any kind .
3672: Calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space. The input is represented as pairs of coordinates, and output will be real number representing eucl
3673: Calculates the total fuel used to move from one point in space. The distance between each object is calculated and added up, taking into account that we
3674: Adds two vector elements.  If the input is not of equal lengths, it throws an error message stating that they are different in size."
3675: Convert ASCII characters to Bachman–Spahnienskii codes. (Note that the input is assumed as lowercase letters only
3676: A function that returns the string concatenation of input parameters.  If an optional parameter 'version' is provided, it appends to given argument with
3677: Convert speed from miles per hour to kilometers/hour using the conversion factor of .017498 in C#, and return
3678: Extracts the subnumber from an Entry object. 	Type of input : dict, output type is int or string . Returns either integer value
3679: A function to check if the input is prime. It uses an iterative approach with nested conditionals and recursion, which checks divisor upto
3680: Convert the name of an existing file system to its mount point.  This is useful when you want your program's output files in different directories than
3681: This function generates the coordinates of lines in an image. The orientation can be either top, bottom or left/ right depending on which side you want to
3682: Flatens the dictionary. If value is another dict, it will flaten that too and merge them into one list of pairs in order to form new
3683: Returns the ir frame number. 	Inputs : RGB index, Number of IR frames and total color channels . Output is an integer representing one particular
3684: Returns the radius of an object in pixels.  If not present, returns false .   "    }" ) ;; end getRadiusAttribute
3685: Checks if the given data has nested keys. (code): _check whether or not an object contains any of its own subkeys.)
3686: This function calculates the worst active days in given time line. It uses hash table to store and retrieve data efficiently, thus making it faster than other
3687: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  It's basically multiplying corresponding elements together and then summing them up."   [Your name
3688: Checks if the input is divisible by any of two, four or eight. If so it returns true otherwise false; else checks whether remainder when
3689: Obtaining value from an input. If the last character is ':' then it's treated as number, else if there are more than one ':
3690: This function takes an integer as input and returns the closest possible value between two given years. If it's within range, return that exact number;
3691: A function to perform Caesar cipher encryption on an inputted text. The key is the number of positions by which each character in plaintext should be
3692: This function calculates the time of arrival and departure times from an array list. It takes in individual data records as input, then it separating out
3693: A recursive function that generates all possible coordinates of an object in three dimensions. It takes two lists, one representing the current coordinate and another to represent
3694: A recursive function to calculate the sum of two numbers. It uses bit manipulation and addition operations only, without using arithmetic operators or loops."
3695: Converts Miles to Feets.   [Explain the function in detail] .'s" } , { "code": '(
3696: Check if the length of coda fits in given duration index. If it doesn't, raise an error with message indicating that no such thing exists
3697: This function calculates the Laplacian scale factor at given 'level'. The laplaace scaling is used in image processing to adjust brightness and
3698: Finds headers in the given list of strings. The header is defined as any string that appears more than once at least twice before it, and has
3699: A function that counts the number of successful and unsuccesfull trials in an experiment. The input is list containing codes representing different types events like
3700: A function that returns the length of input string.  It's used to measure how long something is in characters or bytes, depending on what it
3701: Compare two SQL statements lists. If all elements are equal in both sequences, return true; otherwise false." Code snippet : compare
3702: A function that returns the unique elements in an input sequence. It uses recursion to find all distinct IDs from given list of id'd items
3703: A function that indents the text by adding four space characters. It splits input string into separate line strings, then joins them back together with new
3704: Returns the list of supported operating systems.  If an OS is provided, it returns that specific os in its own listing format else return all available options
3705: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by four, then check whether that also leaves no remainder when divided
3706: Returns the id of given object.  [...]" . $this -> getId() ;?></code>  }<br /> <
3707: Returns the action's current state as string.  If no such condition is met, it returns 'Passed With Warnings'.   .
3708: Check if the given JSON object has 'Test' key.  If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message in case of any exception occurs
3709: Checks if all elements in the list are dictionaries with an @attribute of type.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Code is checking whether
3710: Create an object to be used in Slacker API.  The section of the message that will contain markdown formatted information .'s..   '
3711: Checks if the clockwiseness of an object is set.  If it's not, then sets its position to be in one direction
3712: A function to convert lines of text into the appropriate syntax. It takes in an array/list and converts each element according its type, returning it
3713: Split the data set into two lists based on whether each element in its first list is less than or equal to some given number. If it'
3714: A function to get the index of specific pixel in an array. The coordinates are relative and not absolute, which means they start from top left corner with
3715: A function that returns an error message when the input is not valid.  It checks if it's just one character long and contains only alphan
3716: Returns the ratios of two lists.  The first list is divided by each element in second to produce new ratio values, and these are returned as output
3717: A function that converts an input to its numeric representation. If the value is not valid, it throws error message with invalid argument details."
3718: Returns the name of last part in URL path.  For example, if input is "https://example/path1" it will return 'Example
3719: A function that rounds the values in 'filter' list by multiplying them with given multiplier and dividing it. If no value is provided,
3720: Convert N and M to ansi color index. This function takes two numbers as input, converts them into the corresponding ANSI escape sequence that
3721: Check if the given 'shape' is in list of problems.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   Code length :10 lines
3722: Merge two dictionaries. If one of the inputs is not dictionary, it will return that input as result; if both are dicts then they
3723: A function to determine the file type of an image or vector map based on its extension (.jpg, .png etc.) and subfolder name in M
3724: A function that trims the input string to at most length of three. If it is less than or equal, returns original value as there's
3725: Dump datetime in iso format.  If the input hashed, return its date and time as string; otherwise just output it directly."
3726: A function that generates all possible combinations of 'node' and its successors. The numbering starts from zero, so the first element is always an
3727: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be the list of numbers. It returns another number that represents how many times each element appears within
3728: A function that checks if the guessed number is in range of actual numbers. If it's not, then subtract one from 'life'.
3729: A function that extends one linked lists with another.  It takes two arguments, the first being an existing linkd lis and second is to be
3730: Preprocessing of StanzAS.  It takes in an input string, splits it into individual lines and then filters out any empty or whitespace
3731: A function that calculates the relevant part of an equation.  The input parameters are related to how much and where it is used in relation with other
3732: Returns the type of instrument based on its number. The range and types are defined in terms that can be used to determine which one is appropriate."
3733: A function to set the font's point of origin in pixels, and return that value as an integer."   }]],[{    {
3734: Generates an array of length k with each element being the reciprocal summation from i = >  to n, where 'n' is equal
3735: Checks if the given number is power of two. If it's zero or one, returns false; otherwise checks whether its remainder when divided by
3736: Trims the input string.  If no argument is provided, it returns an empty trimmed version of its own contents; otherwise trumps any non
3737: A function to split an expression into its constituent parts. It uses recursion and keeps track of the current position in string, as well whether it
3738: A function to determine the bucket suffix based on file location.  It checks if certain paths match specific patterns and returns corresponding strings as result.";
3739: Create and return the path to use as socket file.  This is used by bsdtar, which uses sockets in order not only communicate
3740: A function that returns the uniform cumulative distribution. It takes an input and gives back its probability in []. The cdf is defined as P(
3741: A function to calculate the slope and interception of line given by y =mx +b.  The input is two parameters - 'm' as
3742: Returns the integer representation of an input color in form RRRGGGbb. The colors are represented as three separate integers between  0 and FF
3743: Calculates the height of binary tree. – Code to calculate and return maximum depth or distance between two nodes in Binary Tree .   -->
3744: A function to calculate the mean, variance and count of an array. The input is expected as list where each element represents one data point in case if
3745: Convert single grid index to 3D coordinates. The input is the number of indices and returns x, y , z coords in that order as
3746: Calculates the distance between two triangles.  Inputs are three points of one triangle and another point in space, outputs is their respective distances from
3747: A function that converts points to bounding box.  The input is list of pairs, where each pair represents the coordinates in two dimensions and returns
3748: Checks if the number is divible by all numbers in list.  If it's not, returns false else true .   "    }
3749: This function converts an integer or list of integers to their decimal equivalents in base ten, if the input is not already one such form then it
3750: Generates an image UUID based on the Vendor, Name and Version of Virtual Device Underlying.  The ID is derived from virtual device id in
3751: A function that calculates the sums of all multiples between zero and given number. If multiple is divisible by both three or five, it'
3752: A recursive function to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. The bit is counted from rightmost side upwards, starting with least significant
3753: Generates the URL to access GNOME's source repository of given package name or version number in git format (.com). If no specific tag is provided
3754: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals one, in which it returns "one
3755: Find the number of times 'label' appears in each position where it is either true or false. The function returns an integer that represents how many time
3756: Returns the magnified value of two rectangles.  The result is calculated by adding both rectangle's radius and then dividing it with one minus
3757: A function that replaces all spaces in the input string with &nbsp;.  This is used to replace HTML entities which are not supported by
3758: A function to compute the dot product of two lists. The input is assumed as integers or floats, and both are represented by list data structure in
3759: Computes the function f(x,y)." Code is to compute an expression involving two variables 'X' and another variable called
3760: A function to get the azimation in degrees from directional string input, e..g., "north", or numeric degree value like
3761: Translate from one base system to zero based. This function takes two parameters, the first is in original numbering and second parameter should be converted into
3762: A function that generates an NxN Matrix with the given value. The number of elements in each row is equal to column's and all values
3763: Calculates the amount of acids in one gram, their mass and then calculcation index. The calculation is based on how much water content there
3764: Creates an n by m grid of given dimension. If the second argument is one, it creates only rows and not columns as in python's
3765: Returns all positions of '.' in the grid. The size is determined by input parameters, which are assumed to be positive integers and greater than zero."
3766: Convert the name of an input, pose or image layer to its corresponding neural network's internal representation. For example "conv1" would be converted
3767: Returns the dictionary associated with given input.  If no such association exists, returns false or nil respectively .   Code length :10 lines    Author
3768: A function to generate the stock chart url based on given ticker symbols ."'s . The result is an URL string that can be used in
3769: Converts H frequency list to Z Frequencies.   .::.. :: ..... : ......... ... -> List of frequencies in Hz
3770: Returns the sign of number. If input is positive, returns + , if negative it will return-. Otherwise,-returns   .'s"." "
3771: Computes the modal peak of sd(dofr).  The function is defined as follows.   .    "an" and	"phi",
3772: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty, return the other as it's already merged and complete; if both are non空 then
3773: This function checks if the input is valid number of hours. If it's not, returns zero; otherwise return its value in minute(ies).
3774: Create new evidence file with the given name and content.  If it exists, delete then create again; otherwise just make one . Instance of an
3775: Calculates the wavelength of light in nanometers.  Inputs are distance from center to edge and spacing between two edges, outputs is length
3776: This function generates the schema location string from namespace set in format of 'namespace name space' .  It uses fold to iteratively add each element into
3777: A function to build header dictionary with title, subtitles and other details of the ads configuration bot .  It returns an object containing all these information
3778: A function to format the Solarium server's URL.  The url is constructed from provided parameters such as IP, Port and Path of solaris
3779: Checks if the argument is unicode string. 1/3 of total lines in .scm file, checks whether an object has been defined
3780: Generates the raw data file path of competitors' businesses on YELP based upon provided username  .   [END] Code snippet to
3781: Returns true if the given file name is not production or test.  Otherwise, returns false .'s   '(if #f (#t)))
3782: Convert seat IDs to binary and calculate the row. If it'll be lower than max, add one more step in search; if not -
3783: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in parameters and returns the sum of those values as output .   "(+ 10 (* x
3784: Check if the parameters exist in results.  If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message "No such parameter".   .'s"
3785: A function that truncates the decimal part of an inputted float. It does so by subtracting its integer value from itself, effectively removing any fraction
3786: Convert the given number to an unsigned integer in binary format. If it's less than two zeroes, pad with zeros on left side until
3787: A function that calculates the similarity between two strings. It uses length of longest string as maximum value to normalize and calculate percentage based on characters in
3788: Convert binary to decimal. Code snippet that converts the input string of bits into its equivalent integer value in base two, using bitwise conversion
3789: This function calculates the virtual temperature from mixing ratio and room tempereature . It takes two parameters, one is mixed volume of water in cubic
3790: Generates the name of an output .txt or other files based on input path and list extensions.  It replaces all provided extension with "" in
3791: Returns the list of file sets used in given set.  This is useful when you want to get all files that are part or being referenced by some
3792: This function calculates the value of C in an equation. It takes four parameters - current, target and computation period & number to calculate from . The
3793: Checks if point C is on the left side of line AB. If so, returns true; otherwise false or an error message indicating that there was
3794: Computes the linear coefficient from two points. The function takes as input pairs of coordinates and returns another pair representing an equation in slope intercept form,
3795: A function that generates the pyrmids of wire sequences. The input is an array representing different lengths on each side, and it returns all possible combinations
3796: Returns the Y coordinate of given point on gameboard. If not valid, returns -1 .   Code length : ~3 lines" } , "
3797: Removes all digts from the input string.  Uses recursion to handle nested lists and strings, treating characters as elements of list or individual
3798: A function that returns the closest number to 'n' between two given numbers. If it is closer than one of them, return either smaller or larger
3799: A function that filters out the elements in list based on their index.  It checks if each element's nth component matches an inputted string
3800: A function to calculate the monthly payment of an annual compound Interest Loans. The input is three parameters - 'Loaning amount',	'Interest rate'
3801: Check if two lists of series are equal.  If they're both empty, return true; otherwise check the first element and recursively call on
3802: A function to generate Persians date.  Input is three numbers representing the Year, Month and Day of birth respectively . Returns list with these values in
3803: Convert the first two elements of an argument list to strings. If third element is empty string, append parentheses and colon after it; otherwise pre
3804: This function takes in one character and returns the same as input but with its first letter capitalized. It is used to convert all characters of string into
3805: This function takes two arguments, the initial speed of sound and an object's velocity. It returns how much time it would take to travel from one
3806: Returns the first nonnegative number in an object. If no such element exists, it throws error message 'Name Must Be Positive Integer'.   .
3807: Converts decimal degrees to hour, minute and second. The input is in the form of one number representing degree . It returns three values correspondingly
3808: Adapts the learning rate based on how many times it has been called. The function adjusts lerning rates by dividing or multiplying with
3809: A function that computes the cube of its input.  Input is cubed in return value .   Example :( _cu cubic -1
3810: A function to get the binary representation of an integer. If it's less than required, then fill with zeros until its length is equal or
3811: Check if the file is not in MNISt files list, return true or false accordingly . (code:. check whether an image has been modified
3812: Checks if the given 'variable' is within range between ‘minimum’ and   ''maximum''. If it isn, returns true;
3813: A function to get the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. For example, if you call `(bit? .78
3814: Checks if the given keyword or string is present in any of its constituents. If none are found, it returns false; otherwise true .
3815: Checks if the given sequence matches with instructions in list. If yes, returns true else false .   Code is used to check whether an input string
3816: Creates callback data string.  Button type and Category are used to create unique identifier of the call back event .  	Example : ("button1
3817: Create function to make string readble. If the length of input is more than or equal  64 characters, it will return first part else returns
3818: Checks if the input is an integer within range of symbols. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message "Invalid symbol".   [
3819: Generates the full path to an object in resources.  The format is projects/<Project>/.+/(.*).* . It'll
3820: Convert string to boolean. If the input is not valid, return false; otherwise true if it's either 'True', ‘T’ or
3821: A function that checks if all characters in the input string are ASCII. If not, it returns false; otherwise true." Code is
3822: Flips the order of names in an input string. It takes as argument one name and returns its opposite side, if possible; otherwise it simply return
3823: Returns the copy of given data set.  If it is FS Voc or CCO, returns its corresponding Copy Datasets else throws an
3824: Returns the first node in list or #F if no nodes are present.  This function is used to get test data from requests and items respectively."
3825: A function that performs affined transformations on points. It takes four parameters - the scale factors, offsets and directions of rotation in degrees . The transformation
3826: A function to calculate the step size in DM algorithm based on given parameters .   [...]'s input data type is double, 'Bandwidth
3827: Extracting percentage from the given input and returning it as output in rounding off to two decimal places" . "Input is taken, then if extracted
3828: This function is used to get the IP addresses of interfaces in different types and their respective states, which are then stored as hash tables within 'variable'
3829: A function that calculates the superficial cubic of an object. The input is cubed and then multiplied by six to get superficical volume
3830: Returns the inflected form of an adjective in English.  If no matching word is found, it returns nil; otherwise return its singular or plural
3831: Computes the surface temperature from an input of heating flux in W/m^(K). The result is converted to Celsius by adding -
3832: Change the coordinates of two points in wire. If they are not on same line, change their direction and distance from start point to endpoint respectively by
3833: Finds all points in the given rectangle. The input is an ordered list of coordinates and another rectangular region, which defines what to look out into from
3834: A function that reverses the order of elements in list. It uses conditionals to determine which operator is used between two numbers and returns it as string
3835: Extracts the account id from an AWS Code Pipelines job hash object if it exists, otherwise returns #F .  [...]"}}
3836: Generates GUID section of the file with given attributes and type in .txt format ."   }}}}}}'   ```    `}''
3837: Scales the input to between zero and two hundred fifty five with an optional rounding function applied if necessary .   Code is used in conjunction of other
3838: Calculates the percentage of responses that were correct in Csat test results, given number o ftotal tests and nr correctly answered .  	;
3839: Returns true if the HTTP response should be retried. This function checks whether an http request returned with error or not, and returns false otherwise . The
3840: A function that takes two arguments, checks if the first argument is number or float. If it's not then applies second one to its argu
3841: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find maxima in an array or list using recursion and without builtin functions like
3842: Parses the last part of an URL to get its unique identifier.  This is useful when dealing with bots that are trying different UID
3843: Evaluates the accuracy of beauty, fashion and mobile in terms on KAGGLE public dataset using split ratio .8 or more as validation set
3844: A function that returns the Kr�nner product of two vectors. It is used to calculate dot products in linear algebra, and it's also
3845: This function takes in the name of an article and replaces all slashes with underscores. It is used to create URLs from titles,
3846: Finds the minimum value in list. If input is empty, it returns an initial guess of max integer to prevent errors when trying min function on non
3847: Convert time in ms to hh.mm ss format with leading zeros if necessary."   }}}}}} .code {{{{end convertMill
3848: Generates the trailer of an object.  It is used to close off objects in HTML formatting."   .))]])]]))))."
3849: A recursive function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. For example, if input is '346', output will be
3850: Clean the name by converting to lower case and splitting into list of strings. Then join them with underscore as separator, removing any leading or tra
3851: Removes the specified DNS name from known hosts file in ssh client." (code snippet)"   . )")).)))))").
3852: A function that performs floating point division. If the second number is zero, it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise return result of dividing first by secound
3853: A function that converts all whitespaces to underscores and lowercases the characters in string. It uses recursion with helper functions defined inside it
3854: Merge two binary trees. If one of the input is null, return other as result; if both are not empty then merge them and update parent
3855: Convert MIDI note number to frequency. The formula is derived from the fact that each octave has one semitone, and every third of
3856: A function that replaces all instances of <image> with the equivalent tag in an HTML string.  This is useful when you want to use amp
3857: Checks if the current epoch is at or after an end of period. If so, returns true; otherwise false."
3858: A function to convert binary string representation of numbers into their decimal equivalent. 1 bit = 0 or .376..., upto nth
3859: A function to perform inverse linear interpolation. It takes three arguments, two points and an input value 'v'. The output is the corresponding y position
3860: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. Input is string of form #RRGGBB . Outputs list [R G B] where
3861: A function to calculate the faster of two numbers. It uses recursion and memoization, reducing redundant calculations by storing intermediate results in memory."
3862: A function to manipulate the scale of an instrument. It can increase or decrease by one octave, and it also handles negative numbers correctly."}
3863: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two lists. The hamminngdistance is calculated by subtracting elements of both input list and then
3864: Builds the query parameters to be used in an HTTP request. If length of 'verion' is less than four characters, it returns only one
3865: Generates the tag string used by firesim. This is mainly to identify which version of fireSim we are using and what kind/version it was
3866: A function that checks if the input is in list format. If not, it converts to one by wrapping into an enclosing parenthes
3867: Checks if the given input is an SSL on directives. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending upon type of argument provided
3868: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Uses Euclid's algorithm, but with some modifications in order not use
3869: A function to convert time in milliseconds into readable format. e,g., getTime(348971). Returns the
3870: Generates dictionary of target numbers from given number. The key is the index and value corresponds to digit at that position in input string representation . e..
3871: This function takes in two arguments, an array of strings and the character to be replaced. It replaces all vowals with given char before adding them
3872: Returns the list of URLs that contain any keyword from given key word array.  [1 line]   .eof" } , "code
3873: This function returns the type of binocularity based on its intensity. It is used to determine how much an object can be seen from two different
3874: A function to convert the numerical rating of an item into its string representation. The ratings are as follows : Terribel -> 0, Bad ----
3875: This function returns the n' term of an arithmetic sequence. It takes three parameters - initial number, difference and required position in terms to find out
3876: This function pads the left of an integer with zeros. If it is positive and divisible by four, then no padding occurs; otherwise pad to
3877: Returns the complement of an integer or float number provided as argument." (defun compose/decompoise .7894
3878: This function takes as input an DNA sequence and returns its reverse complements. It uses the map, case statement to iteratively apply each character in '
3879: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Farenheight scale .   [END]    "C" -> f"./c_f
3880: A recursive function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The base case is when the input number equals zero, in which it returns 'base
3881: A function to parse phrases into their component strings. It uses underscore as the delimiter between each word in order not too many of them are
3882: A function to calculate the value of e^(log res * -base). This is used in calculating power. It's also useful when you
3883: A function that performs block renorm on the input list of numbers, where each number is multiplied by two and then divided again to get its original
3884: Converts MIDI number to ANSIColor Note. The input is the integer of one octave from -60(middle
3885: A function that calculates the wave number based on current model's progress and total duration. It returns either one of two values depending upon whether it
3886: A function to calculate the sum of dividers. It uses helper functions isDivisible and findAllNumbersToCheck which are used in finding all
3887: Combines like term in the list. The function takes as input an ordered sequence of symbols and returns their combination which is similar to combining two or more
3888: This function calculates the total cost of an item. It takes three parameters - content and style, both are required to calculate it's value;
3889: Checks if the given 'board' is horizontal valid. A "valid" horizontally adjacent grid of cells in which each cell contains an
3890: Get the display name of an object.  The format is 'FamilyName':'VersionNumber'.   If no version number exists, it will default
3891: This function returns the sign of an input number, either negative one if less than zero or positive on greater and equal to zeros respectively." .
3892: Generates the full path of an object in two tables.  The prefix is appended to form part or whole name, and root string forms base
3893: A function that takes two arguments, an input string and the number of characters to shift. It returns new shifted version with first 'n' chars
3894: Computes the power spectral density of an array. The result is inversely proportional to its dimension, ie., it's half as big when
3895: Returns list of eligible Craters based on their latitude and longitudes. The criteria are that the height is between (-∞, +±
3896: A function to generate vues in Vuetify.  It takes an input and returns the string representation of it wrapped with double curly br
3897: This function calculates the bogyMIPS of each processor in Linux. It uses / proc \ m i p s . info to get information about
3898: This function returns the position of an element in one dimensional array. It takes two arguments, 'i' and number elements n . If it is zero
3899: A function to print command list.  It takes in the commands as an argument and prints them out one by line with '/' prefix followed after each
3900: Converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that conversts temperature from degrees of freewheeling in c
3901: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in n dimensions. It is based on Euclidean norm, which measures how far apart they are along
3902: A function that opens the file at given 'path' in read or write modes. If an exception occurs during opening, it returns false; otherwise return
3903: Generates the first word of any string input. It's used to get an initial idea about what kind or type something is, in terms that
3904: Convert the input into its unsigned equivalent. If it's larger than max limit, raise error; if smaller or equal but negative then also raises and
3905: Normalizes the float value to be between 0 and one. It's used in machine learning algorithms where we want our data points within certain range
3906: Parsing an integer into its constituent parts. The result is returned as two lists, the first one with all digits of input number and
3907: Checks if the given input is an integer. 1 or -n where n > 0 are considered integers, but not zero and negative numbers that
3908: Validates the status of copying files. If not validating then it throws an error message stating that copy operation has been stopped due to invalidation or
3909: A function that reverses the order of elements in list.  It uses recursion to reverse each element and then combines them together into one new,
3910: Checks if the given string is private. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or nil depending on whether there are any characters after
3911: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the parameters of both integers and returns their sum as an integer value .   "Adds"
3912: A function that adds one to the argument passed. This is an example of how you can use functions in Python, and it's also useful as
3913: A function to calculate the number of minutes from an hour and minute representation. It takes in two parameters, hours as string format e..g "1
3914: A recursive function that converts the case of each character in an input string. If it's odd, convert to upper; if even -
3915: Generates the URL of an image file based on its format and coordinates.  The url is in terms that are specific to each map service provider'
3916: Compare two files. If the file names are equal, return true; otherwise false."  [END]'   '[BEGIN]: compare history of
3917: A function to convert bytes into human readable format. It uses the power of recursion and quotients in order not only converts but also keeps
3918: A function that calculates the alphabet value of an input string. The calculation is based on ASCII values and subtracts by 'A'
3919: Checks if the given string is palidromic. A word or phrase that reads same backward as forward, ignoring spaces and punctuation marks
3920: Returns the first element of pair if it exists, else returns itself. This function is used to unify pairs and lists in one line by removing any
3921: Generates the first N selected Terms and their corresponding scores from given list of term, score pairs. If there are more than n elements in input then
3922: A function that generates unique ids of given length. The generated uid is composed by random characters from the set [a..f] and each
3923: A function that creates and returns the coordinates of an axis aligned rectangle.  The rectangles are defined by two points, which define its bottom left corner
3924: Counts the number of elements in list that are also present within another given lists. The count is calculated by summing up all occurrences from
3925: Split data line into components.  If there are three elements, return the first two and third as voltage; otherwise just returns them in order of
3926: Convert the input string to title case. For example, "this is an apple" would be converted into 'This Is An Apple'. The function uses
3927: Check if an entry exists in the database.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or error message "Entry not found".    .end
3928: This function is used to tweek the encryption range based on configuration. It takes in one argument, which determines how much of each bit should be fl
3929: Computes the square of sums from 'begin' to given number. The range is inclusive, ie., [start..end]. For example;
3930: Convert the input to its equivalent on one line.  If it's not already in that format, convert each element of list/tensor into an
3931: Computes the flow parameter of an object.  The formula is derived from velocity and length, but it's used to compute other parameters like fr
3932: A function that checks if all elements in an input list are less than or equal to the given number.  If they aren't, it returns
3933: Checks if the input value can be converted to float.  Returns true or false accordingly.";	End of Code Block} ; End Function Definition
3934: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. Code is written in Scheme language and uses the number conversion function of scheme which converts numbers into strings
3935: Computes the edit distance between two strings. The string to be compared is given as an argument and it returns how many operations are needed in order that
3936: Code to check if password contains certain types of connections. Returns the score based on how many times each type is found in it, with more common ones
3937: Generates flakes command to run on the given python source.  This is used in CI/CD pipelines and can be executed locally as well
3938: Convert level to color. Levels are used in logging and can be converted into colors based on their severity levels."   .    Code:. #
3939: A function that returns the nth element of an array. If it's less than zero or greater then three, raises exception with error message indicating
3940: This function calculates the number of blocks to mine. It takes as input an array containing information about different types and sizes blockages in each channel,
3941: A comparison function that compares two strings by their lengths. If the length of both are equal, it returns zero; if string 'a' is
3942: This function takes as input an arbitrary list and returns the same structure, but with all nested lists flattened. It uses recursion to handle any
3943: Generates an empty conjunction of size 'n' x ‘size’. It is used to initialize the conjunctions in our logic programming language
3944: A function that takes in an integer and returns the result of adding or subtracting ten from it. This is used to simulate changing some value by increasing
3945: Finds the first node in list of Nodes with matching display Name.  If no match is found, returns false .   '(defun
3946: Logs out the current user.  If 'command' is either equal to or starts with string value of log in, then it logs Out User
3947: Calculates the area of rhumbuses with given diagonals, where each side is equal to half their sum and they are perpendicular bisectors
3948: A function that truncates the given input to specified length. If it exceeds, returns original value else return trimmed version of itself .   [...]
3949: Create systematic arguments based on the given dictionary of parameters.  If no parameter is provided it returns an empty string otherwise creates and appends to existing ones
3950: This function converts the input into string representation. If it is not null, then returns its numeric or symbol equivalent; otherwise return false/nil
3951: A function to calculate the GMOF of two numbers. The formula is derived from numerical methods in physics and mathematics, specifically related with Gaussian mean value
3952: A simple function that returns an input multiplied by one. It's used as placeholder in backward propagation algorithm to calculate gradient of loss with respect ot
3953: Generates frequency sub graphs from the edge list. The graph is generated by taking each unique pair of nodes in order to count their frequencies and generate all
3954: Parses an option's label into its component parts. 1st step is splitting, then converting it downcases with replacements of
3955: A function that performs element wise division of two lists. The result is another list with the same length as input, where each item in output corresponds to
3956: This function takes in list of strings and returns the same input but with all empty elements removed.  It uses map to apply filter on each element,
3957: A function to format time in the form of mm.ss or mmmm ss, depending on whether it'll be less than one second and
3958: Returns the ratio of two numbers. If second number is zero, it returns first one otherwise return division result between them."   . "(defun
3959: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code snippet that conversts the given temperature in degrees of cel
3960: A function that decides the probability of an action being chosen in given number and type environment, based on its position within total available actions or "ep
3961: A function to determine the screnner type based on input. It takes either string or list of strings as an argument and returns one among 'Fore
3962: Tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual whitespaces.  It also trims any leading or trailing white spaces from each tokenized
3963: Display the contents of an object as a list or tree structure, depending on its type and size in bytes; also displays the number of children it has
3964: A function to convert an email addresses into URL safe format. It takes in the form of '(name . domain).' and returns it as url
3965: Checks if the given letter is in other letters digs. 1=yes,0 = no .   It checks whether or not an input
3966: A function that joins formatted text into one line. If the list is empty, it returns an emtpy string; otherwise concatenates each element of
3967: Counts the number of occupied seats in an array. The input is assumed to be two dimensional with '#' representing empty and '.' as taken by
3968: Create an id string from the type and ID of some kind.  For example, "user/10".   This is used to identify resources
3969: This function finds the secondary structure regions of an amino acid sequence. It uses DSSP data to find these region boundaries and returns them as lists
3970: Checks if an array is sorted in ascending order.  If the list has one or no elements, it'll be considered as being already
3971: Calculates the controversiality of an event. 10% more than normal billing rate, but less then twice as much .   Cont
3972: This function returns the proposed value of cutting off. It takes two parameters, 'Cut Off Value' and its corresponding parameter name as input which is used
3973: Convert the given input to an integer or 'false' if it is not convertible.  If none, return false else number of characters in that
3974: Returns the history of moves made by computer.  It takes in two parameters, 'piece' and "Board state". The function returns all possible
3975: Checks if the current program is running in GUI mode. If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length : ~3 lines    Author
3976: This function returns the alignment of an element based on its horizontal justification value, which is between [1/4 ,3 /8] . The
3977: Checks if two numbers are nearly equal.  It uses the absolute difference between them to determine equality, and checks that it is less than some small
3978: Creates and returns the database URI.  The format is as follows : [database type]//[username]:([encrypted])[:][Password
3979: Checks if the given token is an adjective or adverb. 1/0 in boolean form, true means it's one of these two types
3980: Checks if the string is ASCII or not. If it's an asci character, return true else false .   Code snippet
3981: Checks if the day of week is weekend. Returns 'true' or	'false'.	   .    "x" represents any number from -
3982: Checks if two fractions are equal.  If they're, returns true; otherwise false."
3983: Checks if all characters in the given string are ASCII. If so, returns #true; otherwise return false .'s" ---
3984: Convert string to bool. If the input is yes, true if it's any of these other options then false otherwise else error message will be shown
3985: Returns the name of repository if it is .Git based. Otherwise, returns original string as default value in case no match found." ---
3986: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead
3987: Checks if string is decimal. 10 digits long or not, returns true/false accordingly."; (code);"\n
3988: This function takes in one argument and returns the smallest possible number that can be represented as an integer or float, depending on whether it is zero itself .
3989: A function that joins all the strings in an inputted string array into one single, comma separated value. If there is only on or no element it
3990: A function that truncates the given string to specified maximum characters. If it's longer than max, append an ellipsis ("... ") at
3991: Returns the status of an Activity. 0 = Success, anything else is failure .  1= In Progress , -3/4  = Failed and
3992: Checks if the given string contains either 'Critical' or ‘Opposites’. If so, returns true; otherwise false .
3993: Determine if the given number is odd or even. If it's an integer, check whether its value exceeds two and return "Yes". Otherwise
3994: A CoAP response with the given Class and Detail. Code is used to generate an integer representation of COA Protocol Data Unit(s).
3995: Converts DNA to RNA.  Replaces all 't's with Uthrons in the input string, then returns it as output
3996: Convert list of record objects to JSON format.  Each object in the input is converted into an array where each element represents key/value pair and then
3997: Calculates the through fall flux. If there is enough space in store, it returns amount of rain falling down from top to bottom; otherwise return total
3998: A recursive implementation of the sqrt function using bisection method to find square root in one line, with an acceptable error rate upto .
3999: Wraps the string in backticks.  Useful when embedding slacker messages into your program, as it prevents Slacks from interpreting
4000: Returns the name of an objects skin.  This is used to get information about what kind or type it's skinned into, etc... .
4001: Checks if the input is valid coordinate pair. It should be an integer list of length two, and both elements in that order are integers."
4002: Computes the ratio of two tension values in an elastic material model, using Curl's formulae to compute them . The result is then minim
4003: Convert the given number of points to pixels. If it is equal or less than one, convert from point/inch into pixel and round off upwards
4004: A function to get all points on the diagonal from one point(starting coordinates,end coordinate). The starting and ending are inclusive. If they'
4005: Removes the specified 'prefix' from end of given input. If it is not present, returns original value as output .   Code snippet
4006: Removes all whitespaces from the input string. Code is written in Scheme language and uses recursion to solve problem efficiently without using any builtin
4007: A function that returns the string '(concatenates)' with input parameter.  The output is always followed by an exclamation mark and then
4008: Convert an Upper Cammel Case string to Lower caml case.   .'s/^([Aa][Pp])$/.test(
4009: A function that wraps an integer within the range [0,m). It'll keep adding to modulus until it gets back into original number
4010: Checks if the given argument is an existing, defined data structure.  If it's not one of those four types - ARRAY or STR
4011: Removes the language from source codes. If it's not in format of two line, or if there is no space between them then return original
4012: Convert the given string to minutes. If it's just one part, convert that single component into number form; otherwise add up two parts and divide
4013: A function to calculate the ceiling of division.  It rounds up if there is any remainder."  	    		   			     									       .
4014: A function to format the given string as 'day/months' in different languages. It splits by '/', then formats it into day,
4015: Checks if the input number is in Luca's Leahm test. If it passes, returns true; otherwise false."
4016: Generates the name of vocabulary file based on whether retweeted tweeting is included and maximum n gram length.  For example, if it
4017: Checks if the input is either an empty vector or scalar. If it's not, then checks whether its length equals to one and further ver
4018: A function to calculate the magnitude of an input list.  It squares each element in turn and sums them up, then takes that result's square
4019: A function that calculates the padding needed to be added or subtracted from an image's height and width. This is useful when resizing images
4020: This function calculates the maximum chi value, variance and mean square. It takes three parameters - two numbers representing alphabets & one number
4021: A function to calculate the percentage of one number out from another, rounded off at .xx decimal places."   [END] (defun percent
4022: Checks if two parties have the same address and either business name or person's names.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .
4023: Parses the request string and returns package name. If not valid format then throws an error with message .  The input is assumed to be in
4024: A function that takes an input string and checks if it starts with '#' or '&#'. If not, prepends the character # to make
4025: Preprocesses the input to determine if it is boolean, number or string. If not one of these types then return original else convert accordingly."
4026: This function sends an end of names signal to the receiver. It is used in Reverse Polish Notation calculator program, where it helps
4027: A function to format the standard URLs of experiments and runs.  The output is in string form with "/", not as part or end point parameters
4028: Generates the names of tuple states. 1st element is state name, second one its hash value . e..g., '0' -
4029: This function returns the variant ID. If it is not set, then return chromosome and position as string else just returning id itself."
4030: Checks if there are at least 'k' elements in the list that satisfy an arbitrary predicate.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .
4031: Defines the function to calculate terms of an indeterminate expression. The first term is always zero, and each subsequent number depends on its previous two
4032: Converts an integer into its one hot encoding. For example, convert the number "9" to [true false true False True]. If you
4033: Finds the maximum number in an array.  If no numbers are provided, it returns "No Numbers".   It uses recursion to find
4034: A function to format the given number of seconds into hours, minutes and second. The result is returned as string in 'x h y m s'
4035: Clean up the affiliation string in an academic record.  It replaces common abbreviations and phrases with their full form, trims leading/tra
4036: A function that returns 'Fuzz' if the number is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it will return either FIZZ or BU
4037: Returns the path to full corpusto be used in conversation with WikiConV toolkit  .   [END] Code:.   ```python
4038: Extracting labels from source files. If the input is not list, it returns an empty label set; otherwise extract and return all unique file names in
4039: Normalizes the identity of an object. If it is not string, returns empty String .   Code snippet : normalizecode/code
4040: Returns the color map name associated with input 'band'. If no such mapping exists, it returns #f.  This function is used to get colors
4041: Returns the consensus sequence based on voting. If weights are equal, returns first inputted sequences's one with higher index in alphabetical order."
4042: This function extracts all the information from an input file into lists of individual entries. It uses recursion to handle nested structures and returns them as one
4043: A function that calculates the combined length of two lens separations.  The lengths are given as fractions and multiplied together to get an overall
4044: This function takes as input the list of bounding boxes and returns their mid points. It uses map to apply lambda functions on each element in '
4045: This function returns the list of variables observed in an expression. If no variable is found, it will return 'na'. Otherwise ,it concatenates all
4046: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb up an N steps stair case. The step size is either one, two or three at any
4047: A recursive function to perform binary image segmentation. It takes an output of the previous segmented images and another array with values representing sizes or weights in
4048: Convert string to list.  Split the inputted strings into lists based on provided delimiter(s).   If no splitting is required,
4049: A function that returns the first three elements of vector [(3, -9 ,   . ), (-.,   +)] in radians as per
4050: This function retrieves the flow cell name from either sample id, run or both. If none of these are present it returns default value provided by parameter
4051: Convert all dots in the input to underscores.  This is useful when you want your file names or any other identifiers that contain periods,