1: Returns new array with each element multiplied by given scalar.  The operation is performed in parallel to avoid blocking of other threads
2: Standardizes MHC codes by removing any 'x' characters from them, which are not part of an HLA class I
3: Checks whether all files from given list are already included as imports.  If yes then returns true else false.\r
4: Return warning message when condition is met, otherwise returns failure.  [!] .[<]/[/].   ->
5: Escape special characters in RFC 5741 compliant email headers.\s   . This is done by replacing
6: Returns index of rightmost set bit in binary representation.\nspecified number n is converted to it's corresponding integer value
7: The conversion from the given format to another failed.
8: This python method replaces hyphens in an API name with slashes to create valid URLs.\  It is used by
9: Convert HMS to Degrees.\ n't convert time in decimal format, but rather as an input into degrees of that
10: Updates 'Access' field in Full Record to be Embargoend.  This is done by setting it as emb
11: Returns Facebook URL to fetch photos of user with given id using provided token.\s  .   \t     The returned url
12: A recursive implementation of the parsing algorithm. It takes an input string 'str' as argument to split it into substr
13: Returns index of element to which it would be possible if we were to move in one direction from current position. This is used
14: Returns primary transcipt of miRFbase.  If not available, raises an exception."   [END] ---
15: This python script filters out duplicate coordinates from an inputted coordinate array. It uses set to remove duplicates then maps each element
16: Increase an inputted number by 5% to simulate adding interest.\s   \t" .format() is used
17: Combines an array of dictionaries into one dictionary with all entities annotated by each individual annotation in order.\ n  .
18: Computes product ratio of two numbers.  The result is an estimate based off their summation.\ n'tably used
19: Convert an IP address to decimal format.\ n's output is of type integer, representing binary representation in network byte order .
20: Returns an integer when inputting one single number. Otherwise returns subtraction of each element in array from given 'value' mod
21: Returns all unique elements in dictionary d.  \t   This is useful when you want to get rid of duplicates from
22: Returns URL of EBI's Gene Expression Omnibus data page related to an experiment accessions number.\r
23: Returns value from dictionary based upon key. If not found returns an empty string."  [END]  ```python ```
24: A recursive helper method to convert nested lists into one dimensional.  The primary goal is returning an empty array when inputted
25: Convert underscores to spaces in string 'input'  .   Replaces all occurrences of an underline (_
26: This python script defines an anonymous/unnamed Python functions that takes one argument 'X' adds 2 to it. The
27: Returns true when an object with first character 'r', followed by 5 digits, has visibility. Otherwise returns false.\
28: Builds an Amazon Web Services request using Canonic Query String.\r'  \ n   Parameters:\tNone,
29: This python program calculates average of list elements. \'sum\_list\' is used to calculate total addition, while '
30: Checks whether an existing value exists in database.  If it doesn't exist then returns false else true.\r"
31: Determines whether given text is HTML, RST还是Markdown.  If not recognized as either of these three types then
32: Generates report names based off of simulation type & talents/convenants.  If no Talents nor Convenc
33: This Python program calculates how many partners can be formed from n people. The formula used is C = ((N*( N
34: Convert decimal number to binary representation in base 2. The output is returned as an integer with leading zeros removed.\t
35: Returns whether images need to be distorted.  If any of these parameters are True then it means that some form transformation is
36: A recursive Python implementation of raising an integer to any positive exponent. The result is returned as float type in case it'
37: Convert Human readable sizes to Bytes. \r"   .strip() -> Remove leading/trailing whitespace
38: Create database name based off of prefixes provided.  This will be used to identify unique databases within an environment setup with different
39: Checks whether given URL ends with '.mp4' file extension. If it doesn’t end in .mpeg/
40: Normalizes an inputted numerical value to either +/- one. If it's zero, returns 'zero'. Otherwise,'
41: Returns line width based upon whether it is an rdkit molecule in fgoals g ∩ mols
42: This python method returns url to access different types of campaigns in CMS.\ naming convention is based off services like ml
43: A python method to extract specific digit from given number.  It returns specified indexed digits of an integer/long long
44: Checks whether all elements of 'src' list are present as key values from given dictionary.  If so returns true otherwise
45: Convert string representation of DNA sequence into integer. If character is neither dot, nor A/C / G , then it'
46: Returns True if number 'X' can be divided evenly by two, otherwise False. \t   This checks whether an
47: Calculates VS value from voltage source.\nspecified by:\nvssource = [voltage_source]'
48: Apply rewrites to dates. This is used in conjunction with other functions that handle parsing of datetime strings into actual Date
49: This python method checks if an Agent's current activity overlaps with another given TimeSpan.  It returns True when there
50: Removes all non numerics characters from string.  Returns cleaned version of input as output.\r'   .strip().
51: This Python method returns maximum of two numbers. It takes 2 arguments - 'numbers' which are compared to find out
52: Returns an endpoint URLs with maximum length of two thousand characters. If any given Endpoint is longer than twenty four eight ch
53: Determines whether two strings are compatible with each other.\  The compatibility is determined by ending in "a", not necessarily at
54: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The primary goal is
55: Convert nested lists into flattened items.  If input isn't already in an item form then convert it.\>
56: This Python method returns first element of nested lists in case it exists. Otherwise just outputs input as output.\z  .
57: Convert Python day of week to SQL Server equivalent. \r   The input is an integer representing one full month, where Monday
58: Computes distance from point to line segment.  The half space defined by two points in parameter 'V' is computed.\
59: Converts an integer into corresponding column in 2D grid. If it is negative then conversts to positive by
60: Computes value of chebycheff polynomial at point 'point' with degree less than equal to given number. \r
61: This Python script checks whether all characters in an input string are alphapetic. If yes, it returns true; otherwise
62: This python method calculates maximum recursion level of an inputted nested array. It uses Depth First Search to find out
63: Split input string into substrings separated by whitespaces, ignoring leading/trailing spaces in each substring –
64: Converts UrWidget colors to clickable ones.\r's 2nd line of text will be used as an
65: This python script defines an anonymous polynomial equation. The input is squared, then multiplied by - 5 times with another
66: Returns an HTML formatted string of 'list item' tag.  This is used to create lists in html formatting, with
67: Calculates number of beateries in given list. The first peak is counted as one beat, all subsequent ones are added
68: Convert binary to integer.  The input is an array of bits, where each bit represents one unit from leftmost digit position
69: Convert an integer timestamp to milliseconds. \r"   .strip() + "."     )' }]},
70: This Python script defines an algorithm that converts lists of integers into permutations. The input is given as cyclic shifts to
71: Calculates Average Monthly Earnings based upon various factors including salary level , service years etc .   [...]'
72: Format an Author's name into one line. If no input provided it defaults to anonymous.\r''  # TODO replace
73: Returns command to add/delete loopbacks in vRouter.  Based off of whether interface is present vs not."
74: Compare two functions with an error threshold. Returns negative one when first is less than second by more then 'eps' times;
75: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.\ n .   \tdef convertor:\nc
76: This Python script formats time in human readable form using python's builtin round() method to get nearest integer value,
77: This python method logs file with specific state.  It takes in two arguments - path to .txt logging files & string representing
78: Converts statistical significance value to string representation – used in hypothesis testing context, where we want an easy way of interpre
79: Convert name to class format using underscore as separator – e..g "John Doe" -> john
80: Checks if one interval intersects with another.  If so returns True else False.\t   .'     }''
81: This python script generates model names based off of input paths.\ n  It takes as an argument list with all models' file
82: A simple implementation of an algorithm to calculate combinations. It uses memoization technique where previously calculated results are stored in cache/
83: This Python script maps two inputs to Gaussian distributions. It first scales them by 'sigma' then shifts their values with respect of
84: Returns indices of elements equal to given string.  The primary functionality is finding all occurrences where an element equals provided value
85: A helper fuction to find an item in list. It returns indices of that element starting from ith index.\ n
86: This python method checks which type of fenced block is being used to open. It returns appropriate syntax/code highlighting tags
87: This python method formats provider data into dictionary.  It takes four parameters - id of providers ,name & location details . The
88: Returns an input number with added percentage of maximum possible.  This is useful in testing to ensure that your functions are working correctly
89: Checks whether Elasticsearch indexing is successful.  \r   Returns True when there's at least one successfully
90: Returns all possible combinations of digits that can be formed from ‘boomerang’ numbers. The number is passed as
91: Checks whether all characters in string s are whitespaces.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."""   [END
92: This python script calculates an accurate score of prediction. It takes two lists as input - one with actual values 'True'
93: This is an implementation of constrains to be applied in order that makes sure all cells are within their respective constraints set by
94: This python script implements an algorithm to stop training when optimization is not improving.  It checks whether current optimisation result has improved
95: Calculates total of all possible combinations.  For each element in list 'L', it calcula...   [trunc
96: A recursive implementation of Poincare series. It calculates an approximation to e^(-k*|y|^2
97: This Python script splits an input string into parts, then returns one of those pieces as output.\t  It'll
98: This python script checks whether given 'num' value falls within range [2..N] where N = total available CPUs
99: A recursive Python implementation of lacing two strings together. The primary goal is to concatenates first character from both string without
100: This is an implementation of one line md4 hash algorithm. It takes three parameters b ,c &d . If summation
101: This Python script defines an operation that takes in one argument, 'resigned' by changing all even numbers to half of their
102: This python script calculates whether an intraday price movement is considered small. It checks two conditions to determine it's
103: This python script calculates maximum sequence lengths among given samples. It uses recursion to calculate each individual sequences' lenght
104: Determines if three points are in order of appearance.  The first two arguments represent one side's endpoints while third
105: Converts string inputs into boolean values. If 'yes' is provided, it returns `True`; otherwise,'no
106: Returns string with .CSV extension.  \t   [Example] "John Doe": returns JohnDoe".
107: A Python program that calculates factorial of an inputted integer using Recursion. The output is returned as result.\
108: This python script checks whether user's chosen integer matches with computer randomly selected one within certain attempts limit . If yes then prints
109: Returns number of items per page from API response. If not available, returns default value which is set to 'all'. \
110: This method converts an instance of Hub/Group into string format.  It is used in creating unique identifiers from instances
111: Returns temporary vApp name based off of inputted base app's tempalte.  \   .e..g
112: Funcao para obter o saldob de uma determinada conexao.\ não necessita autent
113: Checks whether given string `str` starts with module/ submodules.  If it's true then returns that part
114: This python script defines functions to check whether given number 'odd' when divided by two gives remainder of one. If it doesn
115: Returns cell values from given dataframe's rows.  The map() method is used to convert each element in iterable
116: Checks whether an object represents variable.  If it's of type var then returns true otherwise false.\r"
117: This Python script calculates total of positive numbers in given list.  \   . It uses lambda to filter out non
118: A recursive method to concatenates string repeated 'times'. If input number isn't integer nor nonnegative then it returns
119: This python script filters employees based upon their age, salary. It returns true only when an employee is older than 18
120: Returns first non empty string from two input values. If both are null/empty then returns second one.\>'  .
121: This Python script defines an integer to represent whether it is positive, negative ,or zero. It returns either one of three values
122: Creates an empty grid with given number of rows & column.  Each cell is initialized to zero by default .   #
123: Finds maximum sum of continguos sub array in an input list. The algorithm uses Kadane' s Algorithm to
124: This python method returns an extended signed integer. If input is greater than equal to  1 million, it subtracts six
125: This python method returns list of categories that can be used to filter covid data.  The returned values are 'Confirm
126: Computes backward propagation of scalar division.  \r   The output is two values which are derivatives with respect to input x
127: This python script filters out uris from given 'ignore' URLs.  It takes two lists as input - one with
128: This python program converts an IPv4 address into integer format. It takes four integers as input which represent each byte of IP
129: This python script generates list of tuples from dictionary where each tuple contains name & id associated with that particular server.\nd
130: Returns list of deep learning models that can be used in sequence to generate summaries.  \ncurrently, only '
131: This Python method implements Learning Rate Decays. It calculates an exponentially decreasing value of lr based upon steps taken in
132: Computes square of each number from 2 to 'input' value. Then sums them up.\r   .     \
133: This Python method filters out duplicate origin/ destination pairs.  It returns only unique combinations of origination & Destinatons from
134: This Python script generates bed format file from two lists of coordinates. The first list is used to define start points while second one
135: This python method calculates probability of being in contact with an object within given distance from centerline.\ n . The input parameters
136: Returns colored string in dark grey.  \r   Example:\x27dir\_styled("Hello, World
137: Checks whether an input list of lists represents identity matrix. An Identity Matrix has all elements as zero except diagonal which are
138: Returns inputted DataFrame without any changes. \t  [END]   .'     -> df, "No
139: A python method that generates safe filenames from input strings by replacing non alphanumeric characters with underscores,
140: This python program calculates an expression of e^(-summation from i=i to n). The formula used is expansion
141: This python script is used to extract last part of given string which represents Service ID.\s'  .format('12
142: Calculates received power from EIRP using given parameters.  \r"   "     .'s/'\t
143: This Python script generates an array of carrie'rs that are currently available to be used by pilots.\  It takes
144: Calculates value of a distribution.\z   .'s" }]}, "output": {"stdout":"Calculated
145: Parses text into list of strings, splitting by commas .  'parse' is used to split up an input
146: Calculates F score based off of two provided scores - Precisions & Recalls.\ n's output is between [low
147: This python script finds local maxima in an array of data points. It uses recursive method to check each point whether it
148: A Python implementation of climbing stairs problem. The number n is given as input, it returns total possible ways to reach from start
149: Removes '"@ODTA" from keys of dictionary to prevent conflicts with other libraries that use it as prefix ."
150: Calculates an optimal solution to PDE with given parameters.  The method uses Padé approximant of degree four three in
151: This python script checks whether given 'Word' is present as part of another string. It returns true only when all characters are
152: Convert all types of data to string.  If input sequence contains other sequences then it will recursively convert them into strings.\
153: This python method performs division of two numbers. It raises an error when dividing with ‘zero’ to avoid any Z
154: Finds odd product pairs in an array. Returns empty when no such pair exists.\r'   .format(__name__)
155: Checks whether given number is within specified range.  Returns false otherwise.\t   "     .strip() + '.'
156: This Python method performs division of two numbers. It raises an exception when dividing by 1 to avoid ZeroDivision
157: Removes special characters from string inputted by user.\r' \ n     The output will be cleaned text with only al
158: A recursively search through nested dictionary to find value.  It returns first matching key's corresponding values in case of multiple
159: A simple server that answers with “one” when given correct letters. Otherwise returns zeroes.\r'   .format
160: Checks whether one set of elements are subset/subsets all other sets.  If it returns True then means that every
161: This is an implementation of division algorithm. It splits input string into chunks with given size using recursion until it can
162: Sum all elements in list without duplicating.  \N{GRINNERING FACE}   .'s'.
163: Returns color based off of player's gameplay performance rating.\r  \t   Criticals are red, orange is
164: This is an example of how to define functions in Python. It multiplies two numbers together.\  [...]'   },
165: This Python method checks whether all input numbers in an array/list is either positive nor negatives. If they aren’t
166: Returns whether workflow has completed/errored.  If it's not, returns 'will be'.   # no
167: AI function that multiplies two values.  \ n       >>>ai(.5,.8)\nexpected output:.
168: Removes user information from dictionary.  \r"   "     .format() is used to format output in console,
169: Returns multiplication of two numbers in list format.  The first element is multiplied by second elements from both lists respectively while taking
170: This python script returns 'OK' when given an input of less than equal to .5, otherwise it will classify as
171: This Python method converts string flags to booleans, with support 'Yes', ‘True’,'YES','
172: Replace all occurrences of 'SearchValue' with another value in given input String "Text".  \   .
173: Returns True when input is either Property/ Gene with length less than equal to max limit. Otherwise False .   [END]
174: Converts string to enumeration.\ n'  .format(__name__) + '\''))), \ #
175: Convert DBW to Watters. Converstion formula is base^power = watter/base, where power =
176: Flatens an array of lists into one long, flatened List  .   [1,[2],[5]] -
177: Removes all spaces from string, then adds hyphens between each word to form one sentence with no space in it  .
178: Returns highest value in list excluding specified elements. \'excluded\' is an optional parameter that allows to exclude certain items
179: Returns list of values from specified column.  This is useful when you want to extract specific data points without having them all stored
180: Removes all digits from string input "S".  Returns new String with non digit characters removed .   Input is case
181: This Python method calculates mobility of an agent in terms per unit time spent at each location by considering both current position & velocity
182: A recursive method that picks an item from list based off of whether it ends with given string.  If no such element
183: This python script converts string input into floating point numbers in an array format using map, lambda functions.\  It also
184: Split an integer into two parts. The first part is obtained by dividing it with ten while keeping in mind that we
185: Normalizes input to string type. If not already in text format returns it as such.\>'  # noqa
186: Calculates standard deviation of two numbers.\r's"   }]},{"id":"calculation","text": "
187: Split string into two parts, then convert third part to floating point number.\  Returns that value as output of method .
188: This Python script inserts zeros at start of each group in an integer number. For example, 25 would become
189: Returns User Agent from HTTP Request Header if available else returns an empty string  .   [END]'s task is
190: This Python method returns one of two paths to UK Biobank Beads genotype matrix files depending upon whether you
191: This python method checks whether one string starts with another. It uses recursion to check each character of both strings until it finds
192: Merges two strings. If 'append' is False then returns string B otherwise concatenates A &amp;#x
193: Checks if point is inside rectangle.  Returns True when in bounds else False .   'pt' being checked against given
194: This Python method returns all upper case letters in given string. It uses recursion to find these characters, starting from leftmost
195: This python method formats years into string representation. It takes two parameters - minimum & maximum range of valid values to be formatted as
196: Calculates how often predictions match actual values.\ n's output is between [lowest possible float value] to highest positive
197: Calculates distance between two points in toroidal space.\ n'tation of wrapped coordinates .   \     'solution
198: Returns an array of strings indicating whether each boolean in input is enabled.  If true, returns 'stateEnabled', otherwise false
199: Generates dequanted variable name.  This is used to generate new names that are unique within an environment, avoiding conflicts
200: This python method performs division of two numbers.\r's output is returned as float type .  \t   'b
201: This Python script defines an auxiliary recursive method to divide arrays into chunks of specified sizes. The primary functionality is in creating
202: Sorts Fully Qualified Domain Names by domain name then length of subdomain part in descending order – e
203: This python method checks if input string 's' starts with http://, https:/ ,or ftp:.  \ It
204: Defines which column names to use in dataframe. \ncode is used as input parameter, defining whether it's
205: This python method is used to convert string representation of condition into corresponding numeric value. For example, 'B' will be
206: This is an example of how to calculate number trials in one bin. It's used as part \nthe calculation process
207: Returns string representation of publisher id.  "Subscribing to {Publish ID}".   .format() is
208: A recursive implementation of Python' built in list slicing operation. It takes an integer 'take', which is used to
209: Generates an URL friendly string from input name by converting spaces to underscores, making it lowercase before conversion.\
210: Defines an activation/nonlinearity ReLU. It returns maximum of x &amp;#8594
211: Sanitsizes string by replacing non alphanumeric characters with specified character  .   [...]    >>> sanitze
212: Converts given number in Second to Days/Hours etc. format .   }}}' -> 'def convert
213: This python method calculates derivative of Sigmoidal Function"  .strip()} { "Code": """def tan
214: This Python Function converts percentage to equivalent value in RGB color space.\ n   It takes as input an integer representing percent,
215: This Python script checks whether an inputted text has any content left after removing leading/trailing whitespace from it.\
216: Calculates variance of white Gaussian Noise. \r   The formula is derived from Sterling's law which states
217: Generates connection string based upon provided parameters.  The generated strings are used to establish connections with different databases using SQLAlche
218: This is an implementation of recursive method to calculate ages in different groups. It starts from youngest group, then gradually increases
219: Flatens an inputted nested lists into one dimensional.  It uses recursion to accomplish that task by concatenating each element
220: Checks if file is cmyk image.  \r   Returns True when it's an CMYK Image
221: This functions checks whether provided string is not empty. If it's an invalid/empty value, raises exception with message "
222: This python method returns an abbreviation of type. For example, it will convert 'lectures' to LEC etc.,
223: A simple linear scaling algorithm.  Rescales input number within given range to output in another specified scale/range   .
224: Calculates derivative of 𝑦 with respect to ΔX at given points. The formula is derived from calcul
225: Convert each character of inputted strings to their corresponding ASCII value.  This is done by using Python's builtin
226: Calculates intersection over union of two bounding boxes.  \   .     ###" }], "code":
227: This python method returns total dataset size based upon input. It checks whether given string is equal to 'RO' which means returning
228: Computes total number of fans based upon inputted dimensions.  For one dimensional arrays it simply returns that value as fan count
229: This python method splits an input string by '.' character to extract shape of selected object.\  Returns either extracted part after
230: Convert Time in Seconds to Millisecond.\r'   .format() method is used, which converts given input seconds
231: This Python method translates coordinates in an array of sequences. It takes into account whether to translate forward ('positive') vs backward
232: This Python script calculates Flux Magnetic Ratio between two stars based off their apparent magnitudes.\nspecified by
233: This python script pads given string with leading zeroes. If input is less than required count then it will add more number of
234: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The primary functionality is converting images into their gray scale
235: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \r's output is an integer that represents 'factoring in all positive
236: Calculates square root of product between three factors in order to convert an angle from degrees into radians.\ n . Parameters
237: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to calculate all numbers in range from "low" upto but not including 'upper'.
238: This Python method checks whether two rectangles intersect. It returns true when they do; otherwise it will output false.\t
239: Finds shared neuron ID'S between two lists.  Returns them as output of method call to get all common id
240: This python program calculates volume of spherical shape given radius r.\t   .'     '         ,,,,,.''
241: A simple Python decorator that increments all elements in an iterable by 2. This is useful when you want to
242: This python script reads in text file with passports data. It splits each individual one into different fields using ',' as
243: Converts hours &minutes to decimal days.\r's output is in float format .   \t"h
244: This Python script generates all possible subsets of size 'k' from given list. It uses recursion to achieve that.\r
245: Returns date in ISO 8601 format. The timezone offset defaults to UTC if not specified otherwise, which means
246: Validates an AIX account's configurations.  Returns True/ False along with error message when invalid else returns success status
247: Adds article to beginning of word based upon whether it starts with vowel.  If not, adds an apostrophe
248: This is an implementation of signum/signedness detection in Python. It takes as input any numeric value, returns
249: A python implementation of two's complement conversion. It converts an integer into it’re equivalent in binary form with sign
250: Returns first value from dictionary of json data.\r  .   \t's 'a single valu e in an o
251: This python method returns reversed order of an array/list. It takes two parameters 'length' which is total number elements
252: Provides information about how to use given commands. – Commands are used in order by their names, so they can
253: This python script is used to manage nodes of an application. It provides different operations like dividing new added node into existing ones
254: Add each component of vector by given scaler. \r  Output is tuple with three elements."   .format()'
255: Returns an equivalent message type in legacy format.  If input is not valid, raises error with appropriate exception details .   [
256: A Python implementation of an algorithm to check whether given number 'is prime'. It uses memoization technique. The time complexity
257: Calculates Dynamic Torque Points High Pressure.   \ncalculation of torque points at high pressure using
258: Returns colors based off temperature. \r  The input is temperatures in Kelvin.\tReturns an array of strings representing
259: Converts data type to pandastype.  For example, conversts 'float64' into int1
260: This Python method compares two strings case insensitive by converting both to lowercase before comparing them – returning True if they
261: Returns string representation of length.\r's input.  \t"{",str(),","+"}".format()
262: This Python method removes 'PID' from given strings, but only when it is present as part of another word like
263: Create an experiment description. \r  "Experiments are used to measure performance of different strategies.\""   .format()
264: This Python script defines an algorithm to convert input sequence into segmented form. The output is in list format where each element represents
265: Convert an integer to IPv v.x format .   # convert ip address from decimal into binary, then split it by oct
266: Returns formatted address string.  For example, '25 Main Street' -> "Main Road ,  46"
267: Defines functions to perform various mathematical operations.  \   .     Summaries are written in markdown formatting style
268: This Python script is used to convert an integer into binary format. It takes two parameters; 'num' which represents number of
269: Join two strings with hyphen.  \tExample:\ttest - v1 .2.\nto testv-.
270: A conditional statement that executes one of two blocks based upon whether condition is true.  \r"   "     .
271: Subtracts two vectors. Returns their difference as another vector.\  [...]'   \end{python}',
272: Joins together all elements of an iterable with '**' as separators.  For example:\nterms =
273: Returns string of skimmed data.  The input is list with physics skills.\r's output will be in format
274: A python method to get tag value from dictionary of dictionaries. If no such Tag exists it returns false.\>'
275: Validates that an inputted 'Dataset' object exists in Google Cloud Storage by checking whether there is one defined within current
276: Convert memory size from Bytes to Megabyte.   \t" . $1,$5,.4f;
277: A recursive implementation of an equation. The solution is based off three parameters that are used to generate different parts in each step
278: Calculates sum of all even fibonacci numbers up to given limit. \'eulers totient\' problem
279: This python method moves in specified directions based upon input parameters. It takes four arguments x ,y coordinates of robot's current
280: A python method that returns an appropriate drink based upon profession inputted by user.\s  It uses dictionary to map different professional
281: This python method strips off any trailing characters in input strings that match specified suffices.\  It checks whether original end of
282: This Python method checks whether two strings are alphabetic/numeric characters only with special symbols _ $ . It returns
283: Creates sublists from list l with sizes given by tuple of integers.  Returns these as lists.\t   \r
284: Returns middle index of an array with given length. If odd, returns one more than average value.\r's END
285: Returns an English word that represents given number with appropriate ending. For example '456' would be returned as one of
286: Creates an empty matrix with given number of 'filled' elements in each row which is zero by default.\r \ n
287: This python program implements Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursive approach with memo
288: Check if given version number string represents an NPM package.  \N{GRINTS} .   The input can
289: Converts an input of three values between range[16], representing Red Green Blue color channels to corresponding value in y
290: This Python script defines an array reversal method. It takes in one list as input; it returns another identical but with elements
291: A program that prints out verses from 'Bob's Beverage Bar'. The number in each line is decre
292: Returns input list, but only returns first element of nonempty lists. Otherwise it just keeps original array as is.\  [
293: This python script calculates probability of running out in one run. The formula is based off number runs squared divided by total
294: Calculates Intersecting Area over Union of two boxes.  The intersection area is calculated by finding maximum between zero & difference
295: Parses con da package dependencies into components.\ n .  The first element is always "name". If there are two
296: Calculates an effector promoter score based off of input parameters.\r's"   }]}]}], "
297: Validates if input language is supported by our system.\r's output will be boolean value indicating whether it supports that particular
298: Parses string input to boolean value, if possible returns True otherwise False  .   """    >>>parseBoolean('True
299: Extracts email address from given dictionary. If not found, returns an empty string.\r'  .strip()
300: A dynamic programming approach to solve KnapSacks problem. It uses recursion with memoization technique where previously computed results
301: This python method checks whether an input is None, empty list of string type. If it's none then prints 'null
302: Converts MIDI note number to chromatic scale. \r"   .format() is used in place of
303: This python script is designed to extract last bit from URLs.\r'  .strip()   \t''), end
304: Calculates Drum Reactive Deriva in terms of Angle & Speed.\r's"   }] }
305: A Python implementation of checking whether an integer number 'is' Prime. This program uses recursion to check divisor from two
306: This python script calculates square of each element in inputted array. It then sums up all these squares to give total value
307: A recursive implementation of simple initiation. It creates an array with one element equal to parent until it reaches zero.\r
308: Encapsulates text with specified markers. \'marker\' is added at both ends of 'text'. ‘
309: Checks whether two lists are equivalent in terms of their dictionary entries. If both list have same keys with corresponding values then returns
310: Calculates time constant of an exponentially weighted moving average filter.\ n  . Parameters:\npelts tau :
311: This python method changes all units of parameters to given unit by multiplying them with provided factor ‘multiplier’ .
312: This Python script checks whether an input number is divisible by another. It returns true when it finds that one can be divided
313: Returns cache control string based upon provided maximum age.  The returned value is used in HTTP headers to specify how long browser/
314: Checks if an element has tag "p" in it.  If so, returns True; otherwise False.\tCode
315: This Python method generates an integer hash from given string. It calculates ASCII values of each characters, adds them up to
316: Convert indices from one dimension to another. This is useful when you have data in two dimensions but want it into an array that
317: checks input dictionary to ensure it contains required keys.  If all are present returns true else false.\ n's output will
318: Calculates absolute difference between two arrays of numbers then calcula...   [snip]     .975% more
319: This python script generates an underscore string from inputted strings. The output is then printed to console using print().  It
320: This method splits an input string into separate nominal values based upon comma delimiter, returning them as list of strings.\
321: This Python script checks whether an increment in year is possible between two steps. If yes then returns true else false.\  "
322: Reads requirements from file located at given location.\  Returns an empty array when no such requirement exists."   }]'
323: Checks whether given string is in date format. 2 digit year, slash separated month day."   }], "
324: Tokenizes tweets into individual terms/words in order to be processed by machine learning models.\s  It is used
325: A simple wrapper around Python's built in traceback module to provide more informative error messages.  It will append line number
326: This Python method calculates average coordinates of given list 'neigbor' around an initial point. If there are no ne
327: Checks whether given string starts with 'c' followed by any character.  If it doesn’t start, returns False
328: This Python program counts ones in binary representation of an integer. It uses recursion to calculate it.\r's"
329: Set default value of Contact Rating. \r"   .format() is used to insert values into string placeholders.\
330: This is an implementation of NRZ encoding/ decoding. It takes two parameters - 't' &amp;#
331: This python method checks whether an environment variables is present within given list of potential ones.  \   . If it exists then
332: Adds one column to an adjacent matrix. The number of nodes in each row remains constant, but adds another node at end
333: Removes class attribute from dictionary.  If present, removes it to prevent errors during serialization/deserialisation of object
334: Counts how many times given character appears in string. If multiple occurrences of same char then counts them all.\ n
335: Returns an STS URL to access AWS resources in specified bucket/object key pair  .   [...]     # TODO replace
336: Returns an integer mask with all ones, but where X's are replaced by zeros.\r"   .format()
337: Convert time in Seconds to Julian Date.\ n't use any external libraries except builtin python functions . \
338: Calculates kn value of an object.  If given zero denominator it raises error message "Denominators cannot equal to
339: Calculates index of refraction at two points in space. \r"  }]}]}],[{"desc":"
340: This python method finds matching elements in an array of strings. It uses recursion to search through each element until it matches with
341: Extracts labels from assembly language instructions.\  Returns None when no valid instruction found."   [END] ---[
342: Implements learning rate schedule. It is used to adjust weights during training process based upon current progress in an iteration.\ n'
343: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates an element at index 'i' in our series
344: This Python script defines an internal helper method to refactor 4D extent data into one dimension. It takes in four parameters
345: Returns input as is, but when it's not None. Otherwise returns an empty List."  # noqa E
346: This python method pads an integer with zeros to reach length of 'lim'. If input is less than limit then it returns
347: This python script parses through an array of strings by looking at each string in turn until it finds one that matches with given
348: Subtraction of two vectors.  Returns new vector which is resultant after performing operation .   'Sub' in sub
349: This Python script checks whether there are any duplicate preference values within an input list. If so, it returns true; otherwise false
350: Formats field names to be more human friendly, e..g., "userName" becomes User Name .   [...]
351: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. ```python, `
352: Translates all points to origin by subtracting minimum x/ y / z value from each point. Returns tuple of transformed
353: Unsets specified Bit in binary representation of an integer.  \r   The operation is performed by shifting bits to right then
354: Returns size of varints in bytes. The number is determined by how many bits are used to represent each byte, which varies
355: This python method recaliably adjusts an input number by adding/subtracting certain values depending upon whether it is div
356: This python method strips leading whitespace from string outputs, except when it is just one space character which returns None as result
357: This is an implementation of capitalization. It takes in two arguments - v which can be any type that supports string representation as
358: This Python script converts slashes in path to dots, useful when dealing with file paths.\  The primary functionality is converting
359: This is an implementation of learning rate decay, which reduces training time by half at each stage.\ n't used in deep
360: This python method returns seat id by combining two given parameters. The first parameter is considered as rows while second one represents columns in
361: Checks whether round number corresponds to an AESTransformRound.  If it'll be in next transform cycle
362: Looks up field in dictionary. If found returns it otherwise none.\nexample usage : \ndictionary = {'name':
363: This is an implementation of Lejane's growth rule. It increases player levels by two points each time.\r"
364: A recursive Python implementation of calculating sums up to given number. It uses tail call optimization, which makes it faster than iter
365: Calculates size of list. It returns summed length from first element in each sublist, starting with second one until end
366: Calculates Manhatten distance between two points in  grid. The distances are calculated by taking absolute difference of x coordinates plus
367: This is an implementation of Huber loss, which measures how well predictions are likely to be within some small range from actual values
368: A recursive implementation of addition that sums all elements in list. The input is assumed to be nonempty, containing only integers
369: checks whether number of command line argument is within acceptable range.  Returns false otherwise.\r's output will be printed to
370: A recursive method to find intersection of two lists.  If one input is empty it returns an empyt array otherwise
371: This python script checks whether two lists are similar. It uses recursion to compare elements of both arrays in parallel until it finds
372: Unsets bit at position 'pos' in binary representation of given number.  \ncreates new integer from original one
373: Returns list of movies in order.  The first two are from 'One Piece', followed by any other movie added to
374: This python method calculates precision score. It returns true positive rate which is also known as sensitivity in machine learning context.\ n
375: This python method converts an element tree to string. If there's no such text, it returns false.\>"
376: A library of functions to handle operations related with OCP.  \t   .'%s': %d, '
377: Removes leading spaces from string, replacing underscores with space.\  [...]'s primary functionality is to clean up
378: Returns abbreviated path of sub repository. If there is no specific location provided then returns an empty string.\r's
379: Calculates Huffmann's entropy. The input parameters are mean values of two classes in an instance.\r'' \
380: This python method checks whether an array is even, half of which are zeroes. If all elements in list except one element
381: This Python method calculates how many pixels are needed to cover an entire row/column. It takes into account whether there is
382: Returns reversed version of inputted directed acyclic graphs.  This is done by simply flipping all edges within it
383: Generates an array of lists with each sublist containing information about one location. Each element in that inner arrays corresponds to data
384: Returns an inverted version of input vector v.  The result is returned as list with three elements, each element being negative
385: This Python method checks whether an input filename ends with either '_volumne' 或 ''_surfaces'. It returns
386: Returns elements that are present only within given state.  This is useful when you want to find out which states have been used
387: Converts MIDI note frequency to herz.\ n  .   \t.. .....'s .........
388: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. \r"   .strip()}
389: Calculates Di from given inputs. \r's output is calculated by subtracting twice of weight.\t" .format
390: Returns dictionary with all sides set to given input.  The values are identical in each side, which is useful when you want
391: This Python script counts occurances of an array/list. It takes two parameters - list 'inventory' which contains
392: A recursive implementation of finding all distinct elements from an array.  It uses Python's list slicing to remove duplic
393: Computes cosine of φ in radians. \r   The formula is used to calculate angle between two points
394: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format.\ n's input is total number of secounds then it will give you result
395: This python script calculates two functions based off of input parameters. The first one is used to calculate 'a' in equation
396: Checks whether given URI uses secure transport protocol.  \'HTTP\' vs.\ 'Https'.   Returns True
397: Find virtual hosts by names in reverse order.  If no such host is found it returns an empty list .   It uses
398: A recursive implementation of list squaring. It starts from an input array, squares each element in turn until it reaches base
399: A recursive flatterning of nested lists. The output will be an unbroken one dimensional array with all elements from input
400: Convert input to integer/floating point value.\r  \tIf not already an instance of either type it raises error
401: This Python method takes an index i of list elements as input. It returns all values at that position from each element in given
402: This python method calculates precision & recall from counts of true positives/negatives in two classes .  It also comput
403: A dictionary removal based upon sublists of given list.  The primary task is to remove all occurrences from an input
404: This python method builds an array of commands to be executed by coverage command line tool, which is used in testing frameworks like
405: Shifts bits of 'value' to right by specified number. 1 bit is equivalent with .5 in python.\r
406: Converts Quat to Rot Mat.\r's output is rotation matrix that can be used in OpenGL transformations .
407: This Python method compares two paths to determine whether they are equivalent by replacing folders in one path with another folder name within it
408: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO - replace with actual description of error. e,
409: Returns unique elements from an input array.  Removes duplicates by converting to set then back into List format, but it
410: This python script calculates both an 'Absolut Error' & ‘Relative Absolution’. It is used
411: A recursive implementation of reversing an integer. \r"   }]}]]]],[[[{ "title":"
412: Convert names to crates/packages in python.\ncode is used by other modules of project, so it needs be converted
413: This python program defines an algorithm to find maximum among three numbers. It uses conditional statements in order determine which number is greater than
414: This python script takes an url as input, splits it into components using "/" symbol to get last part of URL",
415: A recursive implementation of reversing string. The helper method is used to implement actual logic in Python programming language."
416: Returns input capitalized first letter, rest in lowercase – used to convert strings into title case formatting style where each
417: Finds first occurrence of character in string. If not found returns '-'.\r"   . This is an implementation to
418: Converts Farenheight to Celcuis. \r"   .strip() ) }' | cut --
419: Returns True if given filename matches whiteliisted files, False otherwise.\t  \   .`'</code>
420: Convert string to MAC address.  \r"MAC Address is an identifier of network devices in local area networks.\""
421: This python method validates an input MSISDN number. It checks whether it is in international format, then converts
422: Converts input into character.  If only one argument is provided, checks whether it's an operator symbol; otherwise
423: Returns True if target string contains either {%} syntax, else False.  \r"   " .format() is used
424: A recursive flatterning algorithm that flattens nested lists.  The primary functionality of it'is to take in
425: A python implementation of rolling one six sided Die. The primary functionality is to roll multiple instances with different values until all are
426: This python method converts an input value to it'll be rounded down by one tenth, then calculates cubic root
427: Returns i+add modulo with given period.  \r's primary functionality is to wrap around an integer value within
428: A linear searching algorithm. It searches an array by sequentially checking each element until it finds 'x'. If found returns index
429: This Python method builds an object reference list. It takes as input all available data about different types of entities, then returns them
430: This python program calculates sum of squares from n to m. It takes an integer input 'm' as argument, then
431: This Python Function is used to add comments in HTML format. It takes as input string of text, adds start/end html
432: Returns false as it's not specific to any python file. It will always be used in general.\nexample:\nis
433: Returns 'YES' when input is either true, yes , 1 . Otherwise returns NO.   [END]
434: This python method scales down an image to have at least given side length.  The scaling factor is calculated based upon which dimension
435: Multiplies two numbers by multiplying them with an extra factor of '*'.   \ncopyrights:\tNone
436: Converts Java Class names to dot notation format.\  The input is assumed as string type, with first character being "
437: This python method takes two strings as input parameters. It returns one string that is obtained by mixing both inputs with an adjustable parameter
438: Calculates similarity between two fragments of labels.  The label is compared character bycharacter to determine how similar they are in terms
439: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. .format(type
440: A combination of items. \r  It applies given 'callables' to each item in list.\t   . The
441: This python method calculates probability of event happening based off given input. If an 'event' is true then it returns half
442: This python method is used to find indices of channels that need not be included when generating a new dataset from an existing one.\
443: Returns left position of current cell.   .'     """)) ### END OF CODE ###"")])]))
444: Prepare cost in desired format. –> "12 USD".   ## This line is used to convert costs
445: This Python script checks whether an inputted integer represents leap years. A common method of determining when to take certain actions, such
446: Converts input string to utf – encoded format, then decodes it back into latin -   one encoding .
447: Checks whether an escape sequence at index 'I' in string `S` has not been escaped. If it hasn’
448: A recursive method to find out which is larger factor of an integer. The algorithm starts from 'index' equals with input
449: Trims leading zeros from string values. If input is “-.5”, output will be - .   \
450: This python method calculates whether there is an equal number of 'zero's as ones present within given dataframe columns.\
451: Checks whether an input is one of several valid values. If it isn't then raises exception with appropriate error message .
452: Returns true when it's necessary to have an online service.  If there is no internet connection then false will be returned
453: This python program defines an algorithm to find out which of two numbers is larger.  It takes in as input parameters both integers
454: This is an implementation of one dimensional linear interpolation. It calculates values at time t using four coefficients in order to estimate
455: This python program finds absolute minimum of an array. It uses recursion to iteratively check each element in list until it reaches
456: Rotates matrix 96 degrees clockwise. The input is assumed to be square, ie., all rows have equal
457: Inserts an element into array at mid index. If length of input list is even then it will be inserted in between two
458: This is an implementation of unit step activation in python. It returns one when input value greater than zero, otherwise it will output
459: Returns whether point is within given distance of another. This will be used to filter out points that are not in desired area/
460: Blend two data arrays together using an exponentially weighted average of their values with some margin error as blending factor.\r
461: Checks if temperature comparison value less than reference by threshold.\r's/gilfoyle@gmail .com
462: This python method checks whether two boolean values are equivalent to each other. It returns true only when both inputs have same value otherwise
463: Checks if coordinates are inside board.  \ n Returns True when they're in bounds otherwise False.\   .
464: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible"   .     [ ] -> This line of text will
465: This Python method joins multiple lines of text into one line with specified join character using multicast mode.\r' + \
466: This Python script generates two lists from three input parameters. The first one is composed of all elements in 'left', ‘
467: This is an implementation of Learning Rate Scheduling algorithm.\t's output will be updated in each iteration based upon current
468: Binary search implementation with custom low/high index bounds. Returns insertion point of key in sorted list.\r's
469: Returns an URL to access GPU types in Google Cloud Platform' API  .   [...]     The returned url is used by
470: This python method calculates output size of convolution operation. It takes input image's dimension in form height x width as well
471: Convert strings into numbers. If input can be converted directly then it returns as integer/float otherwise raises an error message."
472: Check if all elements of two lists are respected within their respective limits. If not it returns False else true.\  [...]
473: This Python script is used to acquire data from an API. It takes in parameters such as session object,\ntype of request
474: Parses graduation dates into readable format.\  Returns formatted string of form 'Month Year'. \ The input is
475: Convert centimeters to miles.\ nl is used in the name of new line character, as it's not commonly
476: This python method calculates False Positive Rate. It takes two parameters tn - True Negatives count &fp–False
477: This Python script checks whether an image needs to fit into one of two aspect ratios based upon current display resolution.\ n   It
478: Scales vector elements by given factor. If offset is provided then subtracts it from each element before performing operation.\r
479: Replace characters in string at given position. If no character to be replaced then returns original input.\r'  .strip
480: A recursive XOR operation between two lists.  The first element of each list is used in an exclusive OR fashion with
481: This Python script calculates an array of values representing changes due to falling snowflakes.\s  It takes as input two
482: Returns an ARM Public IP Address ID in string format  .   [...]     The primary goal of these functions is to
483: This Python method is used to extract all terms of given type from lines in an input list. The extracted data can be further
484: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal. \r  Example usage : rgb = [57,98 ,
485: Checks if two intervals overlap. If they do then returns True else False.\ndef overlapping_intervals(): . \
486: Removes common English language停用词 from input term. 返回一个去除了常见英语语言停止单元的
487: Converts string to boolean value.\r'  # noqa E546, ignore whitespace in line
488: Calculates average length of all characters within given string.\  Returns float value representing an estimate based upon character count per token,
489: Calculates partial derivative of distance with respect to time. \r   The formula is derived from physics principles.\t .'
490: A recursive implementation of an arithmetic series. The sum is calculated by adding each number up to 'N'. This method
491: This python program calculates squares of numbers up to given number. It uses recursion method which is more efficient than looping
492: Function to generate OpenStack Role Permission string based upon inputted user's roles.\ n  .e., "
493: Removes grid cells from list of configurations based off given cell to be skipped.  If no configuration is provided it returns
494: This Python script defines an auxiliary method that categorizes individuals into different subgroups based upon their racial grouping.  It
495: Generates an adapted name based off of provided parameters.  The primary goal is to generate unique names that are not too long
496: This Python script computes optimal number of items to distribute among different classes.  It calculates how many times an element can
497: This python method returns an integer representing how much face cards are worth in blackjack. It takes as input one character string that
498: Quotes values in SQL syntax.  For string types it quotes them with single/double quotation marks; boolean true as
499: A slow implementation of an algorithm to compute "Acker's Function" using recursion. It is used as placeholder when
500: Checks if file is valid.  Returns True when filename has no leading dot, else False/Error message indicating invalid characters
501: This Python script counts how many pieces of given 'Player' are present within provided game state.  It iterates through each
502: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The primary goal is
503: Returns content type name based upon given integer.  For instance, input of 'getContentTypeName' with argument as
504: Removes common leading characters from multiple strings in list.\r's/^  /gm" -> "Rem
505: This is an implementation of signum/sign detection. It returns +/- one depending upon whether input number 'element' in
506: This python program checks whether there is any winning combination in grid. If yes, it returns true else false.\r's
507: Check whether an object is connected to any serial ports.  If no such objects exist, it returns False.\r's
508: Translate tag to numerical value.\ n's     >>>translate\_tags(['pos', 'neg']) \[\]
509: Reads multiple files into memory at once.\  Returns list of lists where each inner array is one textual content from that
510: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   . ```python.
511: This python method is used to get keywords from input string.\  It splits given text into individual tokens using space as del
512: Convert argument to method name formatting – e..g, --myFunction -> myfunction .   Argument is
513: This Python script calculates 4 values that represent minimum x & y coordinates of points along with their respective dimensions. These are
514: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to calculate 'ackermann's number. It calculates how many times it takes
515: Converts Snakes case string into Pascale Case String  .   "SnakestoPascals" -
516: "Returns an error string with sender' name in it."  [...]   .format() method. This is used to
517: Check if given string is from sender.  Returns True when it'll be cleaned up, False otherwise.\r'' \
518: Interpolates between two points using given polynomial.  If 'x' is within range of these values then it returns an
519: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The primary functionality. This is used as error message
520: Returns lifoever data path based off of input parameters – e..g., gnomAD sites file type (.v
521: This Python script defines an 'oneline' version of Status Message. It returns either success/failure icon based upon input
522: Convert pressure in Pascal to hectopascale.\ n't convert if not necessary, otherwise provide conversion factor .
523: Calculates length of strings from two lists with different lengths.\r'   .format()}], 'bottom': [{'
524: This python script is used to split an array into multiple subarrays based upon their indices.  It uses recursion,
525: Removes units from numeric values in string format.\  'oz' is used to denote metric unit of measurement, but
526: Returns string representation of Data Reference Type. If invalid type is passed then returns 'invalid'.   # noqa E5
527: This is an implementation of multiplication by integer. It takes two arguments; one expression to be multiplied with another number which can
528: Returns first key of node, else None.\ncode is used to get all nodes in tree with same name as given one
529: Convert years to date format. If input is 2 digits, appends - as prefix.\r'   .format
530: Computes derivative of scalar division operation with respect to input x.\ n'tation in case it fails due an error condition
531: Returns coordinates in meters. Converts input to centimeters by multiplying with factor of .95487
532: This Python script formats an input of 'str' type to be either integer/float number with '-'-separated values.
533: Convert numbers to their appropriate types.\ n's output will be converted from string format into integer/float type only when it
534: This python script cleanses input string by converting it into lowercase, removing all whitespaces from within strings.\  It then
535: This python script finds duplicate indices from an input list of integers.\ndoes so by maintaining two lists - one with duplicated
536: This python method checks whether given filename has .YAML formatting.\ n  \tReturns true when it's
537: This Python method checks whether to activate an activation based upon certain conditions.  It is used in various parts of our software application
538: Convert RGB color to string format “R,G,B” .   ### END OF SUMMARY LINE###'
539: This python program checks whether two strings are Anagrams of each other.\r'  .strip(' \t') +
540: This Python script converts RGB color to ACI standard using linear transformation.\s'   '     . The input is an
541: This Python method converts all of first letters to uppercase, leaving others as lower case – useful when we want our
542: Returns request's PATH info from environment variables.\  [...]   .format()`, `environs': '
543: Converts density from given weight/volume measurement to cubic kilograms.   [...]'s primary task is conversion
544: Returns an identifier with backtick quotes around it, replacing any existing ` characters in order to prevent them from being interpreted as
545: Computes Beizer curve points.  The four parameters define one segment of beziers curves.\r's output is
546: Convert Horse Power to Miles Per Gallon. \r's output is calculated by multiplying input with conversion factor of
547: Increments average by adding up all non none values in given array.  It then divides that summed value with count
548: Calculates Area of Trapezoidal Prism. \'Base Minors\' are smaller bases while 'Height’ is
549: This python method sets dimension of an object. It checks whether given string is equal to either 'two dimensional' ('Two D
550: This Python script calculates Kappas statistic to determine how much agreement between two raters is expected from random chance,
551: Convert temperature from hass to celsius. \r"   .format() is used in place of {} which will be
552: A learning rate schedule that decreases by factor of sqrt when reaching certain points in training. This is an example to showcase
553: This Python method takes in list of tuples, where each tuple contains name as string followed by score. It returns first
554: Parses an identifier in Curried Information eXchange format.  Returns two elements - Namespace part of Identifier
555: This is an example of how to create dihedrals in airline mode. It's not used anywhere else,
556: Returns True if given URL is an ORACC project page, False otherwise.\r's   .'''.strip()
557: Convert string to pair of integers.\  The input is expected as comma separated strings with two numbers in each .'   }
558: This Python method finds common elements between two lists. It uses recursion to traverse both inputted arrays until it either exhaust
559: This python script checks if all three grades are equal. If they're not it returns False else True.\r  \
560: This Python method is used to determine whether given string can be considered as 'Bro' in English. It checks various conditions based
561: Change status of an Action type to New Status.\ n  .e g : 'action' -> '.completed'.
562: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  It uses recursion instead iteration which
563: Returns path to sql storage.  If device flag set, returns temp file system location.\t   .'     }]
564: Calculates total width of all segments within given nested lists.  The first segment'll be considered as one unit wide regardless
565: Counts pairs of numbers from A that sum to 'Target'. The pair is added into result list as tuple when found.\
566: This is an indexing method that converts input values into indices suitable to be used in audio processing. It's designed
567: Returns capitalized version of inputted strings with only one character in uppercase, if it is not already so – otherwise
568: Returns True if keyword is one of flex alignment keywords, False otherwise.  [...]'s primary task/purpose in relation
569: Adds two vectors.  Returns new vector as result.\t   " .format() is used to format output string with
570: Returns remainder of division by 'c' with respect to smaller number.  \nc is divided into small parts using modulo
571: Returns minimum of three numbers in list/array 'X'. The first two elements are compared with each other to find out which
572: Converts an id to integer format with optional prefixes such as "ID".  If input type not recognized it raises
573: Convert first character of string to uppercase.  If input is not valid, returns an empty list.\s   .format
574: Returns value of each variable in inputted variables.  This is useful when you want to get all possible combinations from multiple inputs
575: Converts an integer string to reversed decimal number as integers.\r's output is returned . The input can be
576: Calculates search volume based off of area azimuthal angle in degrees.\ n't used to calculate anything else .
577: Returns extension of file based upon given input. If not found returns provided as parameter by user defined value  .   """))
578: This Python method returns maximum of two numbers.  \   .'s primary functionality is to compare given inputs 'X’
579: Finds SNP position of each nucleotide present at given sequence.  Returns list with all found snps' indices
580: This python method saves user questions into database .  \   ### END OF SUMMARY###" }}}}}}`;
581: Calculates statistics of an input list/numbers.\  Returns three elements - total value , square average & count .
582: A recursive implementation of computing an integer's Factoria. \r   The input is any nonnegative number, it
583: This python script returns an integer of latest available software versions from given list files.\  It takes filename as input, splits
584: A recursive helper method to calculate maximum depth of parentheses in string. The input is assumed as an expression represented by
585: This is an implementation of Rectified Linear Unit activation Function. It returns one when input value >  zero, otherwise it
586: Calculates non central moments of an array. \r   The formula used is derived from numerical analysis.\tThe calculation assumes
587: Removes zip file suffixes (.tar, .targ zipped files).  Returns original name otherwise.\syntax error
588: Create unique id from given parameters - City & State.\r  \t   If no input is provided it will just generate
589: This python program calculates how many digtis are in one number. It takes two numbers as input parameters then adds them together
590: Removes all line breaks from text input, replacing them with nothing.\s  This is useful when dealing in data that has
591: Normalizes input string by replacing backslashes with spaces.\  ''s are replaced to \" ", ''\' is also
592: Skip all but first run of each file. This is used to prevent running tests in parallel.\s  .   \
593: This method calculates how many distinct word combinations can be formed from given sequence of binary digits. It uses modulo operation
594: A Python implementation of Euclidean algorithm.\  The primary functionality is to compute greatest common divisor. \   It uses recurs
595: Checks whether two friends have any mutual birthday dates.  If they do then returns true otherwise false .   -> Return
596: Calculates True Negative Rate. It is used to calculate False Positive rate in binary classification problems.\ n .   \
597: Convert Mel scale frequency to herz using formula from human auditory system.\r's/>" }] }, {
598: Replaces newline characters with HTML line break tag, useful in generating html content from text files that contain multiple lines of data
599: Returns an option key string in format "<KEY>=true". If 'false' then returns empty.  [...]
600: This method calculates how much of an increase in window size is needed to reach from current Window Size Numbering System ('C
601: This python script converts hexadecimal values to floating point numbers. It takes an input string of up until eight characters
602: This Python method calculates scale factor based upon number of points in dataset vs samples drawn from that data set.\ncode is
603: Returns string representation of inputted tuple representing software's versions in major . minor format – e..g., '1
604: Generates future keys based off of inputted string.  \r"   .format() is used to format strings in
605: Remove ! from start of line in text.\nsyntax:\nm = 'Hello, World!' \nnm='!!
606: Calculates density of water in kg/ m^3 based off polyfit coefficients. \r's parameters are height h
607: Returns URL based off of input index & data provider.\nspecifies which url to use depending upon where we are getting our
608: Returns first character of given full names. If no initials are present it returns an empty space '' .  It raises error
609: Implements linear interpolation.  It is used to calculate an intermediate value between two given values based upon some fractional part
610: This functions checks whether required column names are valid. If any given request is outdated it raises an error message stating that only
611: This Python Function checks whether two numbers are equally divisible.  It returns true when both inputs can be divided by each other
612: This Python Function returns an integer value indicating how high in priority operations are to be performed. The higher number indicates more urgent
613: This Python method calculates size of recording region in machine time steps. It takes two parameters - number os timeline points n
614: This Python method splits an input string into components based upon '.' character, then checks whether it is related to experiment delet
615: Finds an element in list of PCB lines by comparing it with reference string. If found returns corresponding Index otherwise false.\r
616: Maps each item in list to string representation of first two characters, followed by colon ':', then third character.  This
617: This python method checks whether two strings are equal after applying some transformations to them such as converting spaces into underscores/d
618: This Python program calculates Hexagon number. \rThis is done by multiplying given input with two times subtracted
619: Generates layer names based upon whether it is an initial call of generate layers from root directory. If true then appends Br
620: This python method takes an IPV  address as input, splits it into four parts by '.' symbol,\s revers
621: Returns invalid numbers from given set of valid ones.  It filters out any number that exists within an array but isn'at
622: This python program checks whether an input number 'K' can be expressed as sum of consecutive positive integers.\r  \t
623: This python script returns two numbers with minimum value first followed by maximum.  It is used to find out which number has been
624: This Python method returns all columns from input list of lists. It works by recursively extracting first elements, append them to
625: Removes remapping entries that start with given '--' string.  Returns list of remaining arguments after cleaning up."
626: Inserts newline characters at specified intervals in text. This is useful when you want to break up long lines into multiple shorter
627: This Python method filters out all occurrences of an element from another given array.  It returns two lists - one with
628: Convert string to boolean value.\r's argument is converted into lowercase form, then checks if it equals any of yes
629: This python script is used to generate two output files with names correspondingly named as input filename - A & B .  The
630: This python method checks whether given string contains math expression. It uses recursion to check first character of each substring, then
631: Flatts an arbitrarily nested list into one dimension.  \t   Example:\ttest = [[1,2
632: This python script converts an angle from degrees into minutes/seconds format with respecting sign of inputted number.\r'
633: Returns ' s' when input is greater than 2, otherwise returns an empty string. Used to add suffixes like -
634: Counts how many items are bigger than given number.  It is used to determine which elements of an array/list have
635: Generates space characters.  If provided with nonempty string, returns it followed by one extra whitepace character."   [
636: A method to retrieve value from dictionary based upon provided 'Key'.  If no match found it returns false.   The list
637: Converts Farenheight to Celcuis using formula.\r's output is returned as result of conversion process .
638: This python program checks whether given inputted text/string "is palidromic" by comparing it with reversed version
639: Calculates Triangle Number. \r       >>>triangular\_numbers[5] # returns expected output of
640: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点，并返回结果"   .     [1
641: Validates that probability is between zero to one inclusive.\ n   Parameters : \np - Probabilty value . P
642: Finds largest Prime Factor of given Number.\r'   '     \tCode :def isPrimeNumber():
643: This python method checks whether given string starts with '&#' character. If it doesn’t start, then returns false otherwise
644: Calculates CSI value of given functions. \r"   }]}]}],[{"name":"calibrate
645: Returns DSA Consts. \r"   .strip() + "\"."}], [{"Code": "\ndef
646: Calculates angle difference between two angles in degrees.\r's"   }]}]}],[{"data": [
647: This python script is used to find all components that are dependent upon another component. It uses recursion technique where it checks each
648: This python method calculates number of frames in an audio clip.  It takes three parameters : 'Length' which is total
649: This python method returns an integer value based upon syntactical role of entities. The roles are as follows - S = Sent
650: Moves an object in 2D space. Returns new position after movement.\r's"   } { "
651: This Python script calculates an equation of line given two points.  The formula used to calculate it's y interception
652: This Python method filters out sequences based upon their coverage with respect to given threshold.\  The sequence is considered covered when it covers
653: This python script calculates whether two reactions are crossing each other's spin axes, ie., if they have different
654: Removes all newline characters from input string, resulting in cleaner version of it with no extra spaces around sentences/paragraphs
655: Calculates Dot Product of two 4d vectors.   [...]'s primary task is to calculate vector . The
656: This python method calculates an offset value based off of two parameters. The first parameter is used as part to calculate another'
657: This method sets an ID's data field to specified value. It takes two parameters - 'ID', which is used as
658: This python script sorts items in an array based off of their numerical values. It splits each item's name by unders
659: Checks if two numbers are equal within an acceptable range of 2% difference.\s   .'     [...]`
660: This python script defines an algorithm to calculate prices at different levels of order sizes based upon given parameters such as initial buying/bu
661: Escape special characters within user names.  This is used to prevent conflicts with other plugins/extensions that may use these us
662: Returns display name of metric with unit.  For example, "Temperature in Celsius".   [...] .format
663: This python method returns files that are not present after moving.  It checks each file from 'move' list against those listed
664: Generates hyperlinks to URLs.  [Code] => "URL_LINK = 'https://www...'
665: This python script finds an index of array where even number is equal to half total value in remaining part after removing that element.
666: This Python script checks whether all elements in given list are alphapets. If they're not then it returns false
667: This python method is used to map an input string into one of several possible questions based upon different categories.  It uses d
668: This defines whether given string 'cards' represents suit. It checks if card value equals to one of four suits - clubs
669: This Python method checks whether an integer type has bit at given position set.  If it is not then returns false otherwise true
670: Add Docsify' s front matter.  \ncreate markdown files with .md extension from docstrings of python
671: Returns True if 'Section' parameter equals to FileHistory. Otherwise returns False  .   [Done]     -> Done
672: Generates an HTML list of links based upon input arguments.\s  The first argument is used as title while other are formatted
673: Extracts metadata from an individual record, removing unwanted columns like 'RecID' which is not useful to us.\
674: This python method returns binary representation of given input. If value is less than two, it will be converted to zero otherwise one
675: A simple Python implementation of Modular Multiplication.  \ncalculates modulo operation between two numbers.\nexample
676: This python method returns opposite of given inputted string.  It checks which character is passed to it, then gives back corresponding
677: Returns pluralized versions of inputted lists.  For example, ['dog', 'cat'] would become [‘dogs
678: This python script parses custom commands into their individual parameters.\  The input is assumed to be an arbitrary string of space separated
679: This python method takes an AWS SNS Topic ARN as input, splits it into components to retrieve just name of
680: This python method takes an object as argument. If it's not None then returns 2nd last element in nested lists
681: This python method replaces all tabs, new lines characters with spaces in text input.\  It is used to clean up data
682: Calculates Strikes from Dip Direction. The input is in degrees, returns value between [182] to
683: Convert input string into list of lines, each containing split by whitespace.\  The output is used as an intermediate step to
684: Convert Quad Key to BING Maps API URL.\ n  .   \     # TODO:\ Add more details about
685: A method to map an operator's representation as integer into actual operations.  It returns either addition/multiplication based upon
686: Strip leading arguments that are either "-h" --help, “–version” etc. from list of args passed
687: This Python method calculates DBOT scores based upon student's performance. The higher their marks,the more likely they are
688: Calculates square root of difference between two values.\ n't used in any calculations but to be able t ocompare differences
689: A Python implementation of dynamic programming approach to solve knapSACK problem. It uses memoization technique where previously computed results
690: This Python method returns an integer based upon comparison of three values. The first value is compared with second, then third etc.,
691: This python script reads in text data from an input file. It uses recursion to process each line of corpse one by
692: Normalises input string to be used as file path in OS independent way, replacing "." with underscore _ , | character
693: Generates mapping table name from given source data type."  [END]  ```python ```[BEGIN]: ###
694: This python program checks if two numbers have same parity. It returns True when both are even/odd otherwise False.\t
695: This python method returns True only when input 'X' isn’t empty. Otherwise, it will be set to none
696: Returns value constrained within specified range. If outside of valid values returns either end points.\s  .   \t'min
697: Checks whether two given rectangle objects are overlapping.  If they overlap then returns true otherwise false.\ n's output
698: Returns vector of each element in 'input' raised to power specified by parameter.  This is useful when you want an array
699: This python method returns gender as an integer. It takes in string input 'm' to represent male, f" represents female
700: Convert attribute names to predicate form. For example, 'name' -> hasName .  This is used in conjunction with
701: This Python script merges two dictionary objects into one.\s  It creates an identical copy of first dict then adds all keys
702: Returns extension based upon whether we are building library (.lib/.dll,.dylib)/application(.exe).  If .
703: Calculates average grayscale value of an RGB color.\ n'tably converts to gray scale .   \nt
704: Converts names to C identifiers, replacing special characters with underscores._ – Replaces hyphens (-),
705: This python method implements Soft Thresholding. It takes two parameters; 'l' is threshold value while,'m'(min
706: This Python script checks whether every character in user input string are valid characters according to ASCII alphanumeric plus "-"
707: Split input strings into lists of stripped elements separated by commas  .   [ ] -> ['word1',
708: This python script filters out commands that are part of provided command set. It then returns them sorted by their position within an array
709: Parses boolean value from string input. If empty, returns false.\r's  . '   ,,,.,
710: Convert frames to milliseconds.\ n't use any external libraries except python built in functions .   \nn     Par
711: A recursive method to find out which power of two is greater than given number. This will be used in calculating bitwise
712: Finds first capital letter in given text starting from an arbitrary position.\  Returns false when no such character is found .
713: Converts temperature from one unit of measurement into another using KELVIN scale.\ n .e., Celsius
714: This Python Function checks whether an input string is one of three possible strategies ("basic", normal, perfect)."  [END
715: This python method converts fractions to strings. If there is no data it returns 'noData'.  It also formats
716: Converts CD to uHZ. \r"   .format() is used in place of {} which will be
717: Implement CRC calculation. \r   The crctable is used to calculate checksum of files/data.\t
718: Returns minimum value in nested lists.  If input isn't valid returns original data.\r"   }}}}}}',
719: Modify given inputted strings to include information about whether they were originally run as part of an automated pipeline.  This is
720: Returns dimensionalities of data in column. If input array contains nested lists then it returns first level dimension otherwise second one.\z
721: Checks whether file has an extension.  \r"extension": ".txt", "\t".json") -> True
722: Decrements an inputted GPIO Pin Index by one. If it is out of range then raises error with appropriate message.\
723: Returns color of pixel at position specified by coordinates. If outofbounds returns black (#black).'   .format(__
724: This is an implementation of Box weightage method to classify data points into two classes.\ n's output will be binary
725: This python script checks whether two arrays are equal. If they're not it returns zero otherwise one."   }]}}
726: Calculates temperature rise in kW/m^4 based upon operating & surface energy consumption.\r'   .format()
727: This python script returns an integer representing time slot of given weekdays. It maps each input to corresponding output in one line.\
728: Simplies an expression of two numbers by adding one number to another.  \ncode is used in calculating simple expressions like
729: Detects whether given string is CUDOA, OpenCl Kernel.  If not then it'll be C."
730: This Python method merges all sub lists into one. It is used to flatten nested/multidimensional arrays in
731: This python method returns unique value from given list of lists. It is used to extract all distinct values present within nested structure.\
732: This Python method generates an array of characters where certain elements are masked. The 'soft' in "masks" means
733: Convert gasoline mileage to liters per hour.\endcode'''   # noqa E269,
734: This python script calculates Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. It checks whether both input strings are of equal length otherwise
735: This Python method generates n grams from an input string. If length of str is not multiple by five, it append '
736: Normalizes titles to include prefixes such as 'Title' in front of each one.  This is useful when you want
737: Returns 'Analogy' when in analogic/digital modes. Raises error otherwise – An alternative to digital
738: This python method is used to fetch an attachmnet file from given problem number.  It returns full path of attached files
739: Returns True when string is empty, otherwise returns original value.  \'coalescing\' means to replace with something
740: Parses an inputted dependency graph triplets into three parts; returns them as tuples in order of parents index
741: This Python method takes in two parameters, checks whether one is less than another. If it's true then returns them revers
742: Removes spaces in between elements of an array. If first element is 'Add', removes all subsequent add operations, otherwise it
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability format.\  [...]'   \end{lstlisting}', '
744: Convert Hex color to RGB.   [Done]     .'s/hex_to__RGB/.py',
745: Counts pairs of "right" directions. If more than 2^64, returns "-". Otherwise counts number os
746: Converts all underscores to uppercase letters within given string – e..g., 'my__function'
747: Calculates difference between two sequences. If sequence is greater than/equal to an 'initialize' value then it returns that
748: This python script parses size string into three dimensions of an object in 4D space.\ n .   The input is
749: Default value generator. Returns either provided argument `dft` otherwise returns an empty string.\  It can handle nested lists/
750: Checks if an IP address belongs to link local IPv4 addresses range.\Examples:\nchecking whether 1
751: This python method calculates average of first elements from each inner list.  It takes as input an iterable object containing lists
752: A recursive implementation of an iteratively computed exponentiation algorithm. It calculates 'exp' to any number raised by itself
753: Finds how many rooms are at least as far away from each other.  It filters out any room that is not positive
754: A Python implementation of Fast Exponential Algorithm. It is used to calculate power efficiently using divide & conquer strategy.\r's
755: Defines an English word "pluralizer". It takes two arguments - number of instances 'N' to be used in
756: A helper method to find an element from nested list. If found returns that tuple else false.\r'  }]}]
757: Adds two vectors elementwise.  The result is another one with same length as inputted vectros but each corresponding
758: This python method rounds down to nearest integer that is less than input number but greater equal zero. It uses recursion technique where
759: A recursive method to check whether one candidate string is present as part of another.  If it's found then returns
760: Generates unique identifier of stations based off their USAF, WBNA codes.  This is used to identify individual
761: Checks if an integer number 'N' can be expressed as power of two using only bitwise operations.\r"
762: This Python method checks whether an inputted user has required roles. It uses recursion to traverse through all possible combinations of
763: This Python method checks whether given keyword is from, which can be used as an identifier. If it's found then replace
764: A recursive Python method that calculates product of all elements in list.  Returns false when input is empty, otherwise returns
765: A Python implementation of getting length from name. The primary functionality is to calculate how many characters are in an input string 'Name
766: This python method solves prefixes in tables by checking whether they start with ".", returning them unchanged otherwise adding it to defaults
767: This Python Function checks whether provided string is among supported ElastiSearch Domain types. If not, it raises an error
768: Calculates square distance between two points.  \ n   Inputs are tuples of x & y coordinates.\t
769: Combines all of given names into one string with underscore separator.  For example, 'Smith' would become
770: A python solution to find products of all other elements in an array except self. The input is given as two lists where each
771: This Python method converts string inputs to their corresponding Boolean values. It can handle strings like 'true', '.TRUE' ,
772: Finds second occurrence of semicolon in inputted strings. If no such occurrences exist it returns '-'.\
773: This python script calculates zookeeper' s annual income from their monthly savings.\ n  . The formula used is
774: This Python script checks whether an integer number provided as argument to be even. If it's divisible by two, then
775: This is an implementation of no value checker. It checks whether given string matches any known bad values in bm, bg
776: A simple tokenization method that splits sentences into individual tokens based upon whitespace character, returning them as list of strings.\
777: This Python method converts an input string to integer. If it's empty then returns false else convert into Integer.\Z
778: This python method parses URLs into pairs of neighbors, based off splitting them by comma.\  Returns an array with two
779: This python method converts time values from different units to nanoseconds, microseconds , millisecond. It takes in
780: This python script splits an array into two arrays based upon splitting id. It returns all elements that have been grouped together
781: Clean up filename to be used as an identifier in database, replacing spaces with underscores.\r  \tand removing
782: Converts an input list of integers into string.  The output is separated by spaces in between each integer element .
783: This python method cleanses an email id by removing any leading/trailing whitespaces in username part of it, which is
784: Calculates maximum leverage ratio to reach given margin requirement. The higher, better is your risk tolerance.\r's"
785: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \r   The input is an integer, returns output as Integer.\f
786: Generates an Indention of GenBank file format .  \r'   '    + '\t'.format()
787: Removes links with no valid reference to months.  This is done by checking if there's any non empty string in
788: Returns whether given value is true.  'True' when input equals one of ['TRUE', '', null, undefined] otherwise
789: Returns prices data files based upon user inputted selection of cryptocurrency, S&P 1984 index constitu
790: This python script converts input into an integer array of arrays where each inner lists contains integers from string inputs separated by spaces.\
791: This python method removes leading zeros from each element in an array. It uses recursion to traverse through all elements of
792: Finds end index of last line in list. If first element is not 4 spaces long then returns false.\r'
793: A simple implementation of Python's built in min/max functions but with added functionality to limit values within specified range.
794: This Python method checks whether an input string 's' reads same backward as forward. It returns true only when it finds that
795: Removes private attribute name from it.  \'Private\' is used to denote attributes that are not meant publically accessible
796: Returns an item from `Iter`, raising exception when more than 2 elements are found in Iter list.\s   .
797: Returns an install target string based upon input parameters. If no specific versions are provided it returns just package names otherwise full installation targets
798: This python script is used to lookup an AWS SNS Topical Name. It returns ARN of existing Amazon Simple Notification
799: Returns prime factors of an integer. If input number 'N' has no primes divisible by it then returns empty list
800: Returns sequencer technology based off of input string.  If no match found it raises an error message stating that unknown sequence type
801: Create transaction object with given parameters.  Returns new created transactions in dictionary format.\r's"   .format()}
802: A recursive implementation of deleting characters from strings in Python.\s  The primary goal is to remove all occurrences specified
803: Generates string representation of list with players' IDs & their respective high/low points.  The output is sorted by
804: This python script defines an exponentially weighted learning rate schedule that is used in training deep neural networks.\ It takes into account different
805: A Python program that calculates all digts in an integer. It uses helper functions to calculate each digit of number separately.\
806: This Python method takes two lists as input. It returns another one with elements that are present only within first given array but absent
807: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \'fact\' is used to calculate 'Fact'. The base case checks whether
808: Returns log formater based upon provided level of verobisity.  For example, returns '%{asctime}
809: This python method checks whether given sequence is within maximum length limit by checking current token lengths of input sequences . If it exceeds then
810: This method checks if string starts with double underscore. If yes, it returns True else False  .   [END OF
811: Returns vector product of two 4D vectors. \r's output is in column major order.\ ndarray object
812: Returns string representation of stream parameters.  Used to generate unique identifier in log files etc..   . >>>get_
813: Removes leading whitespace from string, useful in formatting output to make it more readable  .   \t"
814: Calculates distance between two points in three dimensions.\ndistance = |ΔX|^√³ + ^Y
815: Checks if given string starts with "===>".  \   Returns True when it's an error start, False
816: Calculates square of each element within an array. \r  Returns total value.\t   'Fitness' Function.'
817: Converts Decimal to Binary. It uses recursion until it reaches base case.\Z   .' \r
818: Returns string representation of given integer input. If no mapping found returns error message with unmatched value .   }}}}}}
819: This python script is used to count occurrences of specific keyword in text data.\ n's output will be an integer
820: This Python script counts all whitespaces present within an input string, which is then returned as output.\  The primary task of
821: Convert bytes to megabytes. \ n   Example usage:\nmib('5k') -> 6.\t
822: This python method takes in an input string of format 'xxx' where x is any number, returns first two numbers as
823: Converts string to boolean values, 'True' is returned when input equals one of ('Y',’Yes‘,'
824: Removes leading/trailing white spaces from input string 'TEXT'.  \   Returns cleaned version of TEXT as output
825: Transforms raw data into structured format.  This is done by iterating over each key value pair within 'raw' dictionary
826: Converts temperature from Celsius/ Fahrenheit into KELVIN.\ n   Parameters :
827: Convert KODICode to ASCII formatting.\r's 2nd line of text is optional but recommended,
828: Calculates Lennard Jones Potential energy of an atom with given atomic number.\ n . The formula is used in molecular
829: Generates SQL WHERE clause conditions based upon inputted column names.  If no inputs, returns empty string; otherwise generates condition
830: This python script converts English sentences into PIG Latin language by shifting each consonant to end of string followed with '
831: …. . ..."'s events to be matched with their respective actions in GitHub API responses.\r> \
832: This Python method flattens an arbitrarily nested array of integers. It uses recursion to achieve that by calling itself
833: This Python method calculates how many overlaps are possible between two sets of items. It takes into account both overlap with other
834: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The error message. ```python .py /
835: Convert given number of whole day into seconds. \r"   }]}]}', '{"code": "def convert
836: Checks whether two rectangles intersect. If they do not overlap then returns false else true.\ n'  .strip()
837: Returns list of points around circle with given center point coordinates 'center' ‘and’ gives it specified radii.
838: This python script is used to parse HTML files by identifying page breaks ("<!--next-->") followed immediately after them as
839: A python implementation of checking whether an integer number 'is prime' by using dynamic programming. The algorithm checks divisor up to
840: Computes inner product of two vectors.  The result is scalar value which represents cosine similarity between vector 'w' to
841: Generates mark down format from habit list.\r's 24 hour clock time of each entry."   .format
842: This python method swaps between http:// to https:/ in an input URL string.\  It takes as parameter one part of
843: This Python method checks if an input object can be considered as auto by checking whether it's either of type int with value
844: Returns new vectors which are obtained by subtracting corresponding elements of two input lists.  The result is in form [x[
845: This python script returns first element of xml file which has "<name>GPRED...' tag. If there are
846: Extracts value from dictionary object, returns false otherwise.\nspecified to be used with json data type of key '
847: Appends an element to list.  If input is empty it returns new array with single item as only one in result
848: Returns only those field names from input 'field' which are string type.  This helps in getting all required data points of
849: Calculates relative difference between two bins in terms of their weights.\r's"   }]}, "code": {"
850: This Python method takes in three parameters. The first is an input string 'text', which we want to shorten/tr
851: Removes sequentially identical elements from list.  Returns new modified version of inputted array without any consecutive duplicated values."
852: Fixes markdwon syntax errors in given input string.\syntax error fixer"  .strip()}
853: A recursive solution to solve Tower of HANOI problem. It uses three pegs 'A', "B
854: Computes score of cards in descending order. The first card is worth one point while each subsequent consecutive number starts from two
855: Generates post data to be used in DNS record creation.\ n .  The primary domain name is created by appending random
856: Returns module name of given FUZZER.  This is used to load specific type/class based implementation from .py
857: This python script converts an array of dictionaries into lists that contain paths based off keys within each dictionary, reversing order
858: Sanitation of resource names by replacing "-".  This will be used in place to replace hyphens with 'dash' when
859: A recursive method to find an existing key within nested dictionaries. If it doesn't exist then returns None.\r
860: Converts 2D coordinates from Hexagonal to Triangular Coordinates. \r"   .strip() +
861: This Python method reads from paths. It checks whether an absolute path exists before returning it; otherwise returns relative one.\s
862: Returns uppercase, lower case & title cased versions of inputted keywords  [...]'s output is an array with
863: This Python script retrieves an id from data dictionary which may contain either 'username' as well ‘password’.\r
864: This python method returns max of two numbers. It takes in 2 parameters - 'A' & B'. If A is
865: This python script defines an inner method that adds spaces to make statements more readable. It is used in other scripts where we
866: Checks whether given dictionary contains alert format.  If it has an 'expression' key with value of type string then returns
867: Increases bound box height by given amount.  Returns new adjusted dimensions of rectangle in form [xmin , ytop].
868: Returns list of features based upon inputted 'Feature Number'.  The primary functionality is to provide different sets/types from which
869: This python script calculates frequency compensation of each value with respect to given list/divisor pairs.\r'  # no
870: Computes all squares of numbers up to given number.  Returns them as List[int].   .'s input is
871: This python method returns non null values from input string/object.\ nullless checks whether provided object is None . If
872: Returns an inverted version of input string.  It uses Python's builtin reversing feature to reverse characters within given
873: This Python method scales down an input dimension by applying some form of scaling factor. If provided with valid positive number it returns scaled
874: Counts number of set bits in binary representation. This is equivalent to counting total numbers with one bit as 'set'. For
875: Replaces all backslashes (\\) with newlines in string 's'.  \t is replaced by spaces, etc
876: This python script takes an input of type 'list' which contains numbers. It returns another List with squares each number in that
877: This Python script defines an algorithm to determine whether given water level is dry, medium/moderately wet ,or very dirty
878: Convert linear model to ANSI color. \r   The conversion is based off of RGB values.\t'lm':
879: Calculates margin based off of given distances. This is used in calculating total cost.\ n's output will be returned as
880: Calculates RGB values of an object with given Gamma correction.  The input is in decimal form where each value ranges from
881: Returns mask of bits required to represent an integer in binary. \r's output is always one less than power two,
882: Creates soft link from source to destination.\r"  }]' }, { 'name': '.createHardlink',
883: This python method rounds numbers to nearest integer. It takes two arguments - 'number' which is required as input parameter along with
884: This Python program checks whether there are two consecutive eigths in any given number. If so, it returns true; otherwise
885: Converts an ASCII representation of strings to binary format.\r's/>" \t,.,.","
886: This python method converts an array of edges into nodes. It uses recursion to convert each path in 'edges'
887: Checks if an integer number n has same digits in reverse order as original.  Returns True/False accordingly.\t
888: This Python Function compares two versions of software. It returns an integer value indicating whether version 'b' is greater than,'
889: Convert string to HTTP URI format.\ n  If input isn't an ASCII lowercase letter followed by one of:\
890: Returns xors of all numbers in list. The result is unique number that occurs only once while other occur more than one times
891: This Python method splits an input string into major, minor & patch versions.\r's  . \t   .
892: Returns comma separated names from list of records.  \   .'s id field is used to generate unique name strings,
893: Returns 'b' when input is ‘zero’. Otherwise returns default value of string type in Python.\r"
894: Checks if an IP address string has less than 256 unique values. If it doesn't have more then
895: Divides input string into two halves. If length of str is odd then returns first half else last one.\r'
896: Converts strings to boolean values. If input is 'true', returns true, otherwise false.\r'  .
897: This Python script calculates sum of differences between maximum value from each row to minimum ‘min’ values. The difference is
898: Calculates error rate of an accuracy value. \r   Returns None when input isn't numeric." }"""
899: This Python script converts an underscore separated string into CammelCase format.\  The first letter of each word is capital
900: Calculates RPM of an object. The formula used is based off reading speed in revolutions per minute.\r's
901: This Python method calculates Precision of single class. It returns ratio between number correct assignments to all assigned items in that particular
902: Returns only runs of Ds/ mds in an experiment statistic.  This will be used to identify which experiments are
903: Retrieve schema version from Manifests.  \r"   "     .format()'s output is returned as
904: This Python method takes an argument as string which represents molecular name with separator ';'. If it's not of type
905: Calculates how many tricks needed to win each round. This is done by subtracting current number of trump cards from bid
906: Convert string of binary digits to integer.  The input is converted into an array where each element corresponds with position value from
907: This python method calculates number of layers in binary tree. It takes as input an integer value representing depth/levels,
908: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. This will be displayed in case of
909: This python script filters out zeros from an input list. It then returns count of remaining elements after filtering zeroes using built
910: Converts booleans to strings. If input value `is_boolean` then returns 'True' as string otherwise
911: Converts Binary to Integer. \r"   .strip() ) # Remove leading/trailing white spaces from
912: A recursive implementation of deduplication. It removes duplicates from an array by comparing each element with every other one,
913: This Python script formats an array of numbers into one string. The first number is formatted as integer, followed by two other integers
914: A simple Python implementation of squaring an integer.  \ n       >>>square(-2)\nexpected output -
915: Tokenizes input text into sequences of integers. The sequence is created by splitting each character in every word, using an internal
916: Returns namespace of header files in given dictionary object, otherwise returns an empty string."  [END]   .split("/")
917: Get information about switches.  \r"   .format() is used to format output string with variables inside it.\x
918: Check if 'has' is exactly equal to number of bits set in binary representation.  \   Returns True when both conditions
919: Calculates area per pixel based upon resolution. The calculation is done by dividing total pixels in x, y direction with each
920: This is an implementation of Box filter in python.\ n's primary role will be to calculate output based upon input time '
921: Calculates Waller's Product using recursion.\Z   .zonk     ,,,,.      .....''
922: A simple python program that uses recurssion to check whether an integer is zero. \nchecking from smallest positive
923: This Python method takes two lists of keys as input. It returns all unique combinations from these key sets by skipping duplicates
924: Implemented Bregmann's Map algorithm to compute an approximation of Kullback–Leibler divergence.
925: Decodes an Apertures chunk data into FSTOP.\r's"   .encode('utf')).decode
926: This python script checks whether given time is valid. If not, it will terminates execution with an error message indicating that Time
927: Clean up data by removing leading/trailing whitespace from string values.\  If 'na' is encountered, replace with
928: Convert dates from one format to another, with support of timezone offsets using '+' sign before hours like 2
929: "Returns regex pattern that matches any string which is immediately after another specified substring."  [...]   .format() method
930: This Python method calculates whether all elements of an iterable are equal to zero.\r's constant probability using Deut
931: This python method rounds to nearest integer by adding 1/2 of x's value, then converts it into an
932: Greeting in different languages.  Returns 'hello' by default, but can be overridden to provide specific language
933: Convert eCalendar Course Codes to lowercase, but only when they start with 'Comp' in upper case.\r
934: Checks if an integer number passed as argument in binary form, whether it's power of two. \ n Returns True
935: Assembles coordinate object.  \r"   .format() is used to format x , y & z values into string
936: This python method checks if given file name doesn't contain "tests", “documents”, nor Dockerr
937: This python script returns binary predictions based off of input probabilities. If probability is greater than given 'threshold', it will predict
938: Returns value of input plus 3. \tCode:\ndef addThreeToValueFn(): .   Outputs an example
939: Returns unique GUIDs of old faulty parts.  [Code]   .old() -> returns all gui
940: Calculates an approximate average of two numbers with increasing precision. The first number is used as initial value to calculate new averages
941: A recursive python program to calculate total number of digtis in all years from inputted start date till current.   \
942: Returns URL to about page of given user's Facebook profile  .   [END]     """ )]) }],
943: Returns smallest common multiple of two numbers. If both are equal then returns that number itself.\r's output is either '
944: Finds an object in nested data structure. If found returns index else it will search further.\r'   .format()
945: A vector multiplication operation. It multiplies each corresponding elements of two vectors.\  The result is another list with all results from
946: A simple python program that prints out "worker:" followed by input number. It returns false to indicate it is not done yet
947: A simple python implementation of an amplitude modulation.  It takes two parameters x &amp; y where it returns summed
948: Unwrapping decorator to handle functions that are not decorated with @unpack.  This is useful when trying out different
949: A simple Python method that adds one to an input number.  \   .'s primary functionality is adding '+ One
950: Returns reaction name based off compound.  EX -> Extracts from compounds list, returns corresponding reactions names in string format
951: Convert speed from kilometers per hour to meters/second. \r"   .strip()}') print
952: Returns true only when both conditions are met. If either of them isn't set then it returns false.\  [...]
953: Returns line style based upon input.  If 'line', returns '-'.\r \ nIf dash,returns -- .
954: This Python method checks whether two floating point numbers have exactly same number of significant figures after applying some rounds to them.\  It
955: This Python method returns an appropriate string based upon inputted integer. It determines which type of celestial body corresponds to that
956: Returns formatted string with Phone number.  \r"+"" .format()".   ###'s     ```
957: This python script is used to convert an input string into uppercase with prefixes of letters followed by numbers in orderly manner
958: Convert latitude/longtude from degree to meter. \r"   .format() is used in place of {}
959: Check whether there're dictionary values that match with given input.\ n  . If yes then returns true otherwise false   -
960: Returns follower ratio based upon id. This is used to determine how many followers an account has in relation with other accounts,
961: Removes all notifications with given 'Name' from provided notification List.  Returns new filtered NotificationList .   \r
962: Convert string to boolean value  .   [END]'s input is converted into corresponding Boolean output, else it returns default
963: This python method returns an empty list when called with even number of clics. Otherwise it will filter out all values from provided
964: Returns item in items closest to given number.  If multiple such numbers exist it returns first one encountered which is closer than others
965: Calculates bandwidth of data in bits per second. \'Data\' is inputted as number to be converted into bit rate
966: This python method returns two values - minimum integer from an inputted array of numbers. If there are none given it will output
967: Computes moving average using closed form formula.  The result is an approximation of real number which can be used to calculate error
968: Calculates Z value of Raylh distribution.  \r is scale parameter.\nn represents number to be distributed from given
969: Returns boundig box coordinates of two points.  The returned list is in order from lower to upper -> xmin y
970: Returns longest string from list of strings. If there are multiple, returns all.\  This is used to find out which word
971: This python method changes state of cell based upon neighboring cells' states.  If it has exactly three neighbors that are alive then
972: Calculates Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is used to measure overlap of predicted objects with ground
973: This python program calculates missing number from an integer list. It uses prefix sums to solve it efficiently.\r'   }
974: This python method checks if all elements of list 'kwords' are present within given input string/list.  If yes
975: Calculates margin of error in boilers. The calculation is done by subtracting real value from approximate one then multiplying
976: This python method fetches basic information about users.  It takes in dictionary of parameters as input which includes 'username', "
977: Convert object into integer.\r's output will be an equivalent of Python’ s builtin conversion functions in terms that can
978: This python method returns reverse of given DNA sequences by replacing bases with their complements in place, ie., A to T
979: Checks whether an input string contains either '.' character. If yes, it returns false; otherwise true.\t  }
980: This is used to get tensor name from input parameters.  It takes in two inputs - Node Name & Output Slots.\
981: Parses version string into major minor patch level components.\ n  Returns them as an integer tuple .   \     Example
982: This python script checks whether there are any CIGAR operations that contain 'insertions' ('ins')/deletion
983: This is an implementation of Asymmetric Peak Function. It calculates peak value at time t using parameters given in 'par'
984: Checks whether two widths are equal. If they're both integers/floats then it checks equality of those values
985: Extracts GitLab user name from dictionary of data.\r'  # noqa E5142
986: Checks whether two axises are identical. If they're both false it returns 'False', otherwise checks to see that
987: This python script takes in three numbers as input. It then returns their product with each other two at once.\r'
988: This python script calculates maximum sum of non adjacent elements in an array. It uses dynamic programming approach to solve it efficiently by
989: This Python script calculates percentage of yields. It takes two arguments - 'Actual Yeld' & "Theoretical Year
990: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. \ n   Inputs are temperature in degrees cel
991: Returns blob key as string.  \r   This is used to generate destination keys in case of conflict resolution.\t
992: This Python method checks whether to continue wrapping an array. It raises error when stopping condition is not met.\ n  .
993: Returns True if URL starts with "http:///www..." else False  .   It checks whether given string matches disc
994: This python method is used to extract an id from iri of any given entity in Ordo's Ontologies.\ n
995: This Python method splits input string into components based upon "-", then checks first component to determine which specific software suite it is
996: This Python Function filters out specific Resources based upon their paths.  It returns first matching Resource from given set of available ones.\
997: Generates header list from questions.  Returns [digit market place id , digitalmarketplacename ...] .
998: Casts an empty string to false.  \r"   """' .format() is used in place of the default
999: Counts number of zeroes present within an array.  \ncode:\tdef count_nonzero(): .count
1000: Returns an attachment filename based upon input type.  \r"   .format() is used to format string with variables in
1001: This is an implementation of subwords extraction from text. It takes in input as tokens which are then used to extract different types
1002: This python method calculates ceiling of division. It returns largest integer less than equal to divisor . If input is negative then
1003: Returns True when file name starts with ., ends in ~ , otherwise returns false.  \r's an example of
1004: Returns True if there is another element in sequence at given position. Otherwise False.\t  "   .strip() + "\
1005: Recall@K is calculated by predicting top K instances from each class. If there are more than 'num of relevant
1006: This Python method performs division of two numbers. If second number is zero it raises an error "Cannot Divide By Zero
1007: Calculates horizontal position multiplied by depth.\  The aim is to navigate through commands given as string input, where each line
1008: A recursive method to find minimum element of each column.  The input is assumed as an n x m array where '
1009: Returns "TYPE".  \   # TODO add more details about TYPE.     .'s primary role in querying resources
1010: Parses test line into two lists of strings by splitting at semicolon ","  .   It returns list with
1011: This Python script checks whether an inputted string exists within any of several strings stored as elements inside another list. If it finds
1012: Converts strings to boolean values. 'TRUE', ‘T’ ,'Yes','YES'. are converted into
1013: Convert pH to molar g/L.\ n=[u]^(-4), m = u*C/(
1014: Determines whether an integer number can be expressed as sum of three consecutive integers. \r"   }]}]],[[
1015: Combines all rules in list with an operation symbol.  The first element of each subarray is used as prefix to form
1016: Converts given amount of miligrams to grames.\ n   Input:\tmilliGram \ntype
1017: Returns True if departure is 'Not Run' else False.  This checks whether an object has been run before in case of
1018: Skip cursor position based off of given key. If current timestamp is less than ‘yyyymmdd’ then
1019: This python file contains functions to set up arguments required by different optimization methods.  The primary task is setting them according with specific
1020: This python script checks if there are any line items in an inputted string array which contain only whitespace characters. If so
1021: Returns parameter name based upon whether it is an independent variable comp., test bench components.  Or enum map.\ n   Par
1022: Returns all non isomorphic matroids of given set.  The first element is always considered as base case, which means that
1023: Calculates deposition of water in an aquatic system.\ndepletion is calculated by multiplying initial amount with rate
1024: Returns an IP address of given node id in format "IPv4".  For example, if input is '2',
1025: This Python method returns three values in reverse order. The input parameters are used to calculate these reversed variables which then get returned
1026: This python method checks whether two dictionaries have any secrets that conflict with each other by comparing their keys/values pairs one at
1027: Cleans up an inputted password by removing leading/trailing whitespace.\  Returns cleaned version of it as string .
1028: Normalizes data to fit within given range.  \r   Returns normalized value of input in relation with provided minimum & maximum
1029: This is used to generate header names. It checks whether it's first bin of data in series.\nor generates new headers
1030: This python method replaces '-'->'_'.  '.' ->  _ '.   .-. ..--.. --- --
1031: Retrieve version of configuration from blob object.\ n . If not found, returns default value as zero \'default\'
1032: This Python method calculates costs of different types characters. It takes two strings as input parameters which represent character sequences to be compared
1033: This python method calculates overlap score between two strings based upon their lengths.\nchecking whether they are equal in length
1034: This python method checks whether given string is present within any of files.  It returns true when it finds that particular text otherwise
1035: A recursive implementation of Python's built in 'sum()'. It sums up all elements within an iterable. The
1036: Returns True if both x &amp;#649;&lt;/y&gt;" are equal to each other.
1037: Split URI into segments.\r  \t   The split result is returned as list of strings, each string represents one
1038: This Python method checks whether two shapes have exactly identical dimensions. It uses recursion to compare nested lists of integers representing ‘
1039: A recursive method that checks whether one given array contains another.  It uses Python's builtin 'if...else
1040: A Python method to calculate area of Triangle. \'Base\' is length in one side & 'Height’is another
1041: This Python method checks whether an input object exists; returns true only when it's not none.\r  \t
1042: This python method takes as input an instance dict object with keys that are strings split into multiple ones.\nchecks whether each
1043: Returns connection string to connect with postgres database.  Example usage :get conn = psycopg .connect("host='
1044: This python script defines an event handler that confirms color values before setting them in data set. It checks whether all colors are
1045: Filters out all non matching records from given list of record objects based upon common attributes among them – ie., it
1046: Checks if number passed as argument in even. \ nReturns True -> Even, False otherwise.\ .   }'
1047: This python method calculates negative confidence in recall by returning true negatives rate.\ n .   \t.. .....'
1048: This Python script checks whether given inputted 'guess' matches with stored/generated ‘Password’. If they match
1049: This Python script generates an abbreviated version of biographical text, with '...' appended to it when necessary.\
1050: Extracts message id from correlation string.\ n  If it'a not valid format returns original value .   \t
1051: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.py` ``` python -m
1052: Calculates Term Frequency of given word in document. It is used to measure how frequently an individual token appears within all documents
1053: Encodes an array of integers into ASCII characters.  The input is expected to be between [-2, +5]
1054: A Python implementation of Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It calculates nth number in series based upon previous
1055: Convert MIDI Note Number to Frequency in Hz.\r's   .e..c.../.........d
1056: This python script calculates an intersecting point between two lines. If both line segments are parallel then it returns false.\u
1057: Returns encoding to be used when writing files. If 'writes' is True, returns utf – sig encoded file;
1058: Returns an API endpoint based off of inputted path.  \r   For example, if you call `get('/users
1059: Generates an EPSGA shortcode based upon input.  If provided with string it returns 'EPGS:' followed by that
1060: Writes given list of strings to file.\r'  .strip() + '\''))"> ```   -
1061: This Python method checks whether an observed value is within specified range. It compares it with some 'acceptable' limit which
1062: Convert given number of whole units into equivalent time duration in terms.  1 unit is equal to approximately .24 hours,
1063: This python script converts first character of each word in given string to uppercase.  \nchecking empty strings
1064: Modify average of list.   .'s output is updated to be rounded value after addition operation.'" }]}]
1065: This Python script calculates exposure probabilities based off of pixel area multiplied by experiment time. It then reverses these calculated values
1066: Checks whether given target is of valid dimensions.  Returns true only when it's an acceptable dimension.\>   .
1067: This python method calculates an equation based off two points. It takes in 4 parameters which are coordinates of any kind that
1068: Computes square root of number using Herons method.\ n     The algorithm is based off an iterative process where it repeatedly
1069: Returns shortened version of inputted string, up to 6 characters long. If longer than max allowed length returns ellips
1070: This Python script converts speeds in km/h to decimals per hour. It is used by an autonomous
1071: Adds two means of different variables.  Returns their sum as one line output in form '[sum]'.   .
1072: A python method that returns minimum between two values. If both are equal it will always be one of them but not necessarily which
1073: Returns an index into one dimensional array. \'I\' stands 'for Index', '\'' J’s position in row
1074: Convert Decimal Degree to Directional Minute Seconds.  Converts given value in degree format into direction
1075: This Python method takes in an input list of lists, flattens it into one dimension. The first element from each inner
1076: Returns true when given an ACKs files, otherwise false.  \nchecking whether there is any .ack
1077: This python program generates FIBONACCI series up to 'N' terms. It uses recursion method of generating sequence
1078: This Python method returns one of two values based upon whether threading is enabled. If no specific value has been set by user
1079: A simple linear interpolation formula. \todo Add more details about how it works.\r'  # noqa
1080: This python method checks whether given string represents an integer in base 64. It returns true only when it's either
1081: This python script is used to extract parameters from an input document string.\r''   .format())     # end of print
1082: Removes blank new line characters from input strings.\s  .   \t    `remove__newlnecharacters
1083: This python program calculates minimum rainfall that can be collected from given wall heights. The algorithm uses recursion to find
1084: A python implementation of an Insertionsort algorithm.  The primary functionality is to sort input list in ascending order using
1085: Returns true when there is at least one price above given 'threshold' in list. If no such element exists then it
1086: Determine key type based upon algorithm string.\s  ### END OF SUMMARY LINE###   \nsyntax : str
1087: Adds .CSS extension to file names. \t  -> Tab character is used as separator between parameters in
1088: Returns delta value based off of inputted parameters. If first call returns zero then it will always be returned as is but when
1089: This python script checks whether two lists of file paths are same. If they have common elements then it returns true otherwise false.\
1090: Calculates two points in an array that represent part of another. The first point is always nonnegative while second one can be
1091: This python script pads all sequences within an input list with another token. The padded sequence is returned as output.\  It
1092: This python method returns sorted data based upon load balancing pool id.  It maps each element in input pairs to dictionary with
1093: This python method calculates how deep nested parentheses are. It takes two lists of indices as input where each index corresponds
1094: Returns direction to left. \'right\' is an alias of 'turn_clockwise'. It returns counter clock wise rotation
1095: This Python method checks whether an array of integers contains any integer that matches with given one. If it doesn't find such
1096: Returns input as it's. 1st line of docstrings only returns non empty strings in case they exist otherwise an
1097: Calculates more stuff in case of input being either dictionary type. If not then returns original value as it was.\>'
1098: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates an element at position 'i' in series using
1099: Calculates frequency of captured windows within given list.  \ncaptures is an array that contains tuples representing each
1100: Checks if given character/string represents left brackets. \r  Returns True when it's true, False otherwise
1101: This method is used to extract class types from given classes in Python, it splits up by ':' character then returns last
1102: Convert MEL value to herz. \r"   .format() is used in place of {} which will be replaced
1103: Convert dictionary to list of tuples.  Converts keys into numbers, preserving order.\r's/>
1104: Function checks if there is at least one vertical line between two given numbers. If yes then returns true else false.\r'
1105: Transforms input string into lowercase, replaces slashes with underscores at _slash_, spaces to underlines (_
1106: Extracts environment version from given string format of 'XYYY' where X is major/minor number, Y
1107: This python method checks whether given input has mixed case letters in it.\  It returns true only when there are no upper cases
1108: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The input is two
1109: Returns fancy label of Nth day in range. 1st Day is "Day",2nd Is 'St', etc
1110: Compare two lists of numbers. If both are empty then it returns zero.\r's output is an integer that represents how
1111: This python script generates coordinates of squares with given height &amp;#45;&gt;" + str((int)(i
1112: Converts strings to booleans.  If input is 'True', returns `true`, otherwise it raises an
1113: This Python method checks if two states are identical. It returns True when both have same state values of 'S', "R
1114: Sets username to be used in authentication.  \ncode is responsible of setting up an authenticated session with given strategy.\
1115: This python method splits input string into list of substrings based upon "_" symbol, then joins them back together with spaces
1116: This python method converts an integer into string format. If number is greater than given limit then it returns that value plus '
1117: A recursive helper to flatten nested lists.  It takes in any number of arguments that are either single values/elements
1118: Parses an input string to determine whether it is in valid format of Order object.\ n  Returns True when given '
1119: Returns information about winning party.  \r"   .strip() + "."}],'winner': result['
1120: Returns filename based off of ID & Era.  This is used to generate txt files with unique names per each id in different
1121: This python method takes in an input of type 'str' which is assumed to be url path, then it splits that
1122: This Python method checks whether an input string can be converted to either integer type.  It also handles strings that represent numbers in
1123: This is an implementation of linear interpolation. It calculates new position based upon current one along with target value to reach at
1124: This python method checks whether two numbers can be summed together with one's digit in their last position. If either number
1125: Converts an integer represented as String to list of integers.  For example, '567' would be converted
1126: Converts all `False` values to None.  \r"   "     .'s/all 'false
1127: Converts an integer number to octagonal.  \ n   Example:\ndecimalToOct() -> 1
1128: Returns all elements that are common in any of input sets.\r  .   \t.. :param:\nsingle
1129: This python script generates two lists from input list of tuples where each tuple contains maximum value at index ‘i’
1130: Generates device specific unique identifier based off of firmware details.\ncode is used to generate an id that can be linked back
1131: This Python method strips whitespace from each element in an array of strings.\  It uses map() to apply str .trim
1132: Normalizes an integer representing month to between one inclusive, twelve exclusive. If not in valid monthly period returns error message indicating invalid
1133: Returns whether given points are within board dimensions.  \r               The input parameters represent two pairs of integer values representing
1134: This Python method sums two collections of numbers. If both lists are equal in length it returns their combined list; otherwise an error
1135: This python program calculates sums of digtis in an integer number. It uses recursion to iteratively add up all numbers
1136: Calculates average length of strings in two lists. If one list is shorter than another,\nthe result will be zero to
1137: Calculates Kinetic Energy of an object given initial mass 'w' in kg.\ n   \tInputs:\ni
1138: This python script converts an NBA Season into two 5 digits years. It takes in one parameter, which is
1139: This python method calculates error between two numbers. It returns absolute difference divided by magnitude of first number in case it is less
1140: Returns common elements between two lists.  The result is also returned as another sorted array of unique numbers from both input arrays that
1141: This Python method strips newline characters from an input string. It replaces all occurrences of "\r" with "
1142: Returns nearest power of two greater than n.\nexample:\next\_powe...  16 -> 8,\nt
1143: Removes leading/trailing whitespaces from string values.\  [...]'s primary functionality in terms of removing trailling
1144: Returns list of every possible sub string from inputted strings. This is done by recursively generating each character in order until no
1145: Fixes order of headers in an array by replacing keys with their corresponding values from another dictionary.\r's output will be
1146: Generates intersection of head elements from both ends. If there are no more items in tail then it returns empty list.\r
1147: This Python script converts string inputs to their Boolean equivalent by checking whether they are 'True' strings that represent true values ('
1148: Returns an appropriate string representation of given devices.  The first element in tuple is used as base, while second one can be
1149: Checks if given points are inside rectangle.  Returns True/False accordingly.\t   .'s"     }],
1150: Calculates seconds from hours minutes & second. \ nReturns total number of secs in given time.\   .'
1151: This python script is used to build, publish & distribute Python packages.\s  It uses twisting command line tool 'pip
1152: A simple implementation of Python's built in 'clamps'.  It takes three arguments - an input value to be checked
1153: Returns length of sentences in each indexed array.  This is done by filtering out zeros from every element within an individual
1154: Computes corrected & Normalizes CUMULATIVE PERCENTAGES of proteins per species using provided data.\r
1155: Replaces all occurrences of an element with another. If input array contains nested lists it will recursively search through them
1156: This Python script checks if two MAC addresses are within one unit of distance from each other by converting them to integers then comparing their
1157: This Python script defines an algorithm to find unique groups of elements from given list. The primary functionality is by using recursion with
1158: A simple python implementation of vector multiplication.  It takes two vectors as input parameters 'dot' returns their scalar product .
1159: This python method returns an ABI of given name. If no such Event exists then it will not found any error but returning
1160: Check HTTP status codes to determine whether an error occurred due too many requests.\ n's been made in recent timeframe."
1161: Returns an integer that is equivalent to half of 'value'. The result will be used in further calculations.   [...]'
1162: Returns true when there are either worker threads running,\nor an asynchronous map. If neither is present then it returns false.\
1163: This Python script calculates error rate of model's predictions. It takes as input probability values that represent predicted probabilities from machine
1164: A recursive method to check whether an inputted word is in any of several possible spellings within one another.\  The
1165: Normalizes input data. If string/boolean value then returns as it was.\nordered list of unique elements in case non
1166: This Python method takes two lists of integers as input. It recursively adds elements from both list until one is exhausted before returning
1167: Classifies whether character is alphabet, digit , special char.  Returns 'alphabet' when it finds an alpha letter
1168: This python script is used to remove garbage from given string. It checks each character in reverse order, looking at closing brackets
1169: This Python script returns an array of two strings based upon whether provided integer is ‘zero’, 'one', otherwise it
1170: Returns True if given HTTP status codes indicate that an operation can be retried, False otherwise. This includes cases where retrying
1171: A recursive helper method to check whether any of several regular expressions matches within an inputted text/string.\r'
1172: Returns sum of kicked balls in both teams.  [...]'s primary task is to calculate how many times each team
1173: This Python method merges three queries into one. If any of them are not None it will merge those two together otherwise returns
1174: Returns Hello followed by inputted string.  \   Example usage:\ngreet =get('John')\nexpected
1175: Calculates difference between two timestamps in milliseconds. \r"   .strip()} />]],
1176: Convert degrees to arc minutes. \ n This is used in geographic calculations where angles are often expressed as decimal degree values.\
1177: This python script takes an array of strings as input, splits them into two parts at each space character to separate keys from
1178: Convert all nested lists to one level deep.  This allows usability of recursive functions in other parts/modules that may
1179: This Python method cleans up destination paths by removing any leading slashes.  It is used to ensure that all file operations are
1180: Determines which company produces an entry. \t" };\ndef result=source[str()]\nsource['
1181: Returns element at index 'index' from list. If out of range returns false.\r  \t   "Functionality
1182: This python method calculates complex numbers subtraction. It takes two arguments as input which are real/complex number pairs in list
1183: This Python script defines an option parser that handles different types of image compressions, including Scale/Size based methods like s
1184: A simple python program that converts file extensions to their corresponding programming languages.\  The input will be an extension like .txt
1185: Count occurrences of substring in string.  If no match found returns zero.\r'   . This is used
1186: Generates an unique name from given sha hash of Docker Image.\nchecks whether input is SHA based docker img
1187: Implements Extended Euclid'an Algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. The algorithm is based in
1188: This python file contains an implementation of getting output directory name based upon various parameters.  It takes in different inputs like number/
1189: This Python script defines an enum of policies that can be used in various parts. The index is mapped to human readable names
1190: This python script takes an input of single lowercase English letters as well number teams. It then returns that particular characters position in
1191: This python script calculates Sidk correction factor based upon given significant level & number of tests.\ n'tably it is
1192: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \r"   }]' }, { 'id': '', '_type_
1193: This python method checks whether bit at position 'j' in binary representation of number S exists. If it doesn’t exist
1194: This python script reads in an input file that contains natural orbital occupation numbers from different atoms of molecules.\  It then returns these
1195: This method returns an external name of given Stack Name based upon Project's unique identifier  .   [...]     The output
1196: This is an implementation of PRelu activation in PyTorch. It returns one when input value greater than zero.\nd
1197: Generates file names that are used to store noisy parameter sweeps.  The name is based off of tags associated with each
1198: Clean up marking data by reversal.  If there are more than 'max' number of records, it will reverse
1199: Create filename from given string. \'Last element\' refers to file extension of files created by program.\r"   .
1200: Implemented an addition operation between two numbers.  The input parameters are validated to ensure they're either integers of
1201: Converts string to boolean value, True if it is one of ["true", 't', 1,'yes','
1202: Checks if one set of elements are subset/contains all other.  Returns True when it's true otherwise False.\
1203: Flatens an inputted nested lists into one dimensional array  [Inputs] -> Output : A single, unified
1204: Removes specified string from start of inputted strings.\r's/'\> .  \<\/div><br
1205: Convert integer to character.  If input string then returns it as output.\nexample : \nto_char('9
1206: This Python Function is used to convert an integer value into RGB color. The input parameter 'Pos' represents position in range of
1207: Split parameters into separate values, stripping any leading/trailing whitespace from each one – used to handle input
1208: This python method is used to select color based upon layer type.  It returns appropriate string that represents selected colors in html format
1209: Extracts version number from string tags.  If input isn't of type `str` it returns false.\r
1210: A Hamming distance calculator. It compares two DNA sequence strings to calculate their similarity by counting differences between corresponding symbols in
1211: Calculates time required to charge given power consumption data. \r"   .strip()} ``````'
1212: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \'fact\' is used to calculate 'Fact'. The base case checks whether
1213: Returns credit multiplier based off of index.\ncreates an array with each element being calculated as one plus previous value times
1214: Checks whether given ID corresponds to valid network segment in list of possible segments.  If so returns true otherwise false.\ n
1215: Returns an approximation of √(-x), where x is positive, using Newton' method to find roots in [a
1216: Given an array of integers as input. The task is to find out how many times each number in that list appears at least
1217: This Python script picks out one of two files based upon whether they end with "segsg". It returns either file name
1218: Flatens an array of arrays into one single list.  The primary goal is to flaten nested lists in python programming language
1219: This Python script sorts scores in descending order.  It takes an array of tuples where each tuple contains two elements
1220: Extracts text from an HTML tag. If no such tags exists, returns false.\>"  }]}, "
1221: This Python script is designed to convert an origin of administrative division into another one. It checks whether it's from 'US
1222: This Python method takes two lists as input. It sums up corresponding elements of these inputs in an iterative manner using recursion
1223: Handle domain list request.  Returns base URL of domains endpoint in response to given method type.\r's/?>
1224: This python method returns an expanded version of given string with '.' at end. If it is not already present, adds one
1225: A recursive implementation of blank removal.  It removes all leading spaces from string 'str' using Python programming language."
1226: Returns path to ICD 2 codes file in given directory, which is used by pheWAS toolkit's
1227: Checks if given filename points to gzip compressed data in binary format.\r  .   \t" }}}}}\
1228: Returns maximum of two numbers. If one number is negative it returns that value.\  [...]   \r">}}
1229: Checks if an input string contains any numbers.\s  Returns True when found, False otherwise .   \tExample:\
1230: Converts an integer to corresponding string representation of Party.  For example, conversts '98' into Dem
1231: This python method calculates medians of three numbers. If they are not in ascending order it will swap them to be
1232: Returns an absolute URL to Jeyll site root from given relative url.\r'  .strip() + '\''"
1233: This Python script checks whether an environment is compatible with our current Flink version.  It returns either 'True' when it
1234: This Python script calculates how many unique antennas are visited by robots.  The input is list of antenna locations,
1235: This is an implementation of noise peak detection algorithm.\r's output will be used to detect peaks in noisy data .
1236: This Python Function checks whether an inputted value can be converted to number. It returns true only when it's either integer
1237: Compares two configuration lists. If one list is empty then it returns true as both are equivalent.\r'  # no
1238: Calculates average of metrics based upon classes present.\ n's output is returned as per requirement .   }"}}]
1239: A Python method to check whether an integer number passed as input parameter 'number' can be divided by any other integers without leaving
1240: Returns True if name of transmitters ends with 'TX', False otherwise.\t  .   \r'm_type
1241: This Python method returns whether an input is positive, negative ,or neutral. It uses compound sentiment analysis to determine which category of
1242: This Python method checks whether given source is supported extension. It returns true when it's one of .DOC,
1243: This Python script defines an operation to clean up names by removing illegal characters such as spaces, dashes/underscores/_
1244: Generates autoscale percentages. If percentage is greater than two, it returns rounded to nearest hundredths value as string
1245: This python method returns an effective name of controler.  \ncreates by concatenating '_' with characters 'ctrl
1246: This Python script checks whether two given strings are anagrams of each other by comparing their character counts using dictionaries.\r
1247: Sets current channel to specified number.  Returns string with format ISEtCHANNELNUMBER:.VALUE .
1248: This is an implementation of item score calculation method based off one hand rule system.\ncode: returns scores in range from [
1249: Parses artist's information from given dictionary.  Returns string with formatted info about an Artists follower count .
1250: This python script is used to generate an IPI number with leading zeros. If it's already generated then returns that
1251: Converts list of strings into sentence.  If input is empty, returns an output string as well."   .strip
1252: This python method moves in one of four directions based upon an input string. The movement is determined by moving forward/backward
1253: This Python method formats input as table. It checks whether given object type supports formatting into tabular form.\ n  If
1254: Finds VIO in list of dict by id.  If found returns it otherwise false.\r' .format() is
1255: A simple implementation of Quadratic Easing Function.  It takes an input parameter 'P' which is expected to
1256: Checks whether one string can be made from another by deleting some characters.  If it's possible to make that child
1257: Converts all lower case letters in string into upper cases.\s  ### END OF SUMMARY LINE###   .
1258: This is an inversion of InERTIA, which checks whether three types are used together. If they all start with "
1259: Calculates MUNSHELL value of moon phase based off year.\r's average temperature in degrees Celsius
1260: This python method returns string representation of an integer.  It handles cases where input is zero, one , two . For any
1261: This Python script calculates how many games of each sport are played between two sports. It is used to determine which team has
1262: Unsets specified bits in binary representation of an integer.  \ncode is used to set specific position as zero.\par
1263: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
1264: This Python script uses regular expressions to replace all occurrences of '%' in input file names with '%.', thus allowing
1265: Convert log level to numeric value based upon their importance in terms of priority.\ n   .' %>% \nd
1266: """  """\ncode to be used in python scripting. \r""".format(code=repr
1267: Removes specified characters from string.  This is useful when you want to remove certain special/non alphanumeric character
1268: Converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. \ n   Inputs are temperature in degrees farenheight
1269: Calculates fuel required to launch an object with given mass.\r's module, rounded down by one decimal place."
1270: Normalizes vector of tuples to have unit magnitude.  If input is not one element long then it returns normalized version
1271: This python script checks whether given path starts with "gs" to indicate storage type as google cloud Storage.\r'  #
1272: Convert dates to canonical format. If input is empty, returns an output of same length as 28 characters long with z
1273: This Python method takes in three arguments - 'Shape' of an array to which we need transformation. The second parameter is used
1274: This Python method replaces all occurrences of 'á' with an equivalent character, then returns original string otherwise.\r
1275: Removes leading/trailing whitespace from string input 'Password'  .   This is used to securely hash user
1276: This Python method checks if an input number falls within 1 to max value of zero. It returns True only when it'
1277: This Python method checks whether an input string contains any numerics. It uses recursion to check each character in order from left
1278: Decodes an encoded integer value to decimal. The input is expected in hexadecimal format.\r'   .encode
1279: Composes an RGB color from red/blue values. The result is in hexadecimal format with leading zeros removed
1280: Constructs an URL by joining three strings.  The first two are joined with '/' to form part of url while third
1281: This python script will generate an unauthorised  HTTP status. If any other user tries to access it, they would
1282: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius.\ n't use any external libraries, only built in functions are allowed
1283: Returns 'Success' when input is positive, returns ‘Danger’ otherwise.   [Code] --->def
1284: This Python method groups files into different sizes based upon their size. It returns an integer representing how many times it needs to multip
1285: Trims whitespace from both ends of string, replaces PEP prefixes with standardized formatting.\  Returns modified
1286: This python script checks whether an input sequence of DNA nucleotides are complete. It returns true only when all characters in string
1287: Removes adjacent duplicates from an array of points.  The first two elements are compared, If they're equal then
1288: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The gcm
1289: Removes trailing slashes from string values.\s  .   \t     " /test/ "/" test".
1290: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO -> Implement error handling. Add more specific
1291: This Python script checks syntax of multiple .py scripts. It iterates over all provided python (.PY/.pY/.)
1292: This Python method updates evaluation values based upon prediction results. It takes four parameters - true positive count ,true negative  counts .
1293: Converts number of bit to megabytes. \ n   Inputs:\nbits - integer, positive.\
1294: Convert entity names to plain text.  For example, 'user' -> user .   Entity prefixes are removed
1295: This python method takes in two arguments - list of integers 'id' which are to be converted into string representation. The second
1296: This Python method calculates coordinates of point in plane. It takes two parameters - p is an array representing 2D coordinate
1297: Replace Guide joint name with Boundary Joint Name  .   \nchecking whether there is __ present
1298: A helper method to convert string delimiters into their corresponding character.  This is useful when dealing with different types of input
1299: This Python method returns which button was pressed by checking mouse position against each of given coordinates. If no match is found it will
1300: This Python method computes color values based upon labels. If given an input of 'one', it returns green; For inputs
1301: Normalises coordinates paths.  Returns only those that have at least one coordinate after transformation to x,y format .   "
1302: This Python method returns all integers in list, it recursively calls itself until there are no more elements left.  It only
1303: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO(user): replace with actual content. This is
1304: This Python method parses string that contains ':' character to extract value after it, stripping any leading/trailing whites
1305: A recursive method that checks whether one given set is subset of another.  It returns true only when first argument's
1306: This python method calculates score based upon number of humans in an interview round.\r's"   .format() is
1307: This python script is designed to handle overflow in positions. It checks whether given position values are within valid range of allowed maximum value
1308: Standardises input string by removing leading/trailing whitespace & converting to lowercase – used in data cleaning tasks such
1309: This python script defines an estimate of smoothing factor using formula. It takes three parameters - number x to calculate from , total
1310: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence. It is slower than an iterative one, but it's
1311: Resolves an id from given 'Title' to corresponding Metadata.  If not found it returns none.\r
1312: Converts abbreviated names of months to their corresponding numeric values. For example, 'Jan' is converted into
1313: Returns polynomial value at point 'x' using coefficients given in list. If no coefficient is provided returns zero.\r"
1314: Returns all unique names from an action dictionary.\s  .   \tCode:\tsummary = set(\[get
1315: Convert integer to string. \r               The conversion is done by multiplying input number with ten thousand.\t'
1316: Calculates volume of steam required to produce given amount in mcu.\ n't used by any other functions/methods except
1317: This Python method checks whether two lists have common elements. It uses recursion to check each element of first list against second one
1318: This Python method reduces an angle to be between ±/-π radians. It takes as input degrees, then checks whether
1319: Calculates derivative of KF with respect to density at given number 'N'.  \ncalculation is done by
1320: Unpacks nested lists into one level.  This allows us to work with data that may be in multiple levels of nest
1321: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  It uses iteration instead."
1322: This python method filters out all boundary elements from an input list. It uses recursion to traverse through nested lists until it
1323: This Python method projects vector 'xy' onto basis vectors of 2D space. It takes as input two sets/ve
1324: This python method returns an odd number by adding one to it. If input is even, then no change happens ie.,
1325: A method to generate an unique process id based off of input arguments.\r  .'s replaced with _'. The output
1326: This Python method checks whether every element of an input list is unique. It uses recursion to check each subsequent item until it
1327: Cleans up input string by removing percent symbol, then converts it to floating point number divided with ten zeroes.\s
1328: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`(end of file
1329: Normalizes an inputted numpy ndArray by dividing each element in it with their respective sums of all elements.\
1330: Maps an input number x from range [a1; b1] to output value between minOutVal = <range
1331: This python method checks whether there is an 'At' symbol (@ ) present within given list. If yes, it returns True
1332: A solution to find out next greater day's temperature.  The input is an array of temperatures in days above zero degree
1333: This python script calculates total prices of all items in pizzerias including pizza , kabbes & beverages
1334: This python method returns legacy msg types. If it is an SBS/Bulk request then convert to MSGS format.\
1335: Extracts data from Facebook' WALL API to get user posts.\r \ n   The returned list of dictionaries
1336: Returns part of string 'amount' characters starting from index/position "start" in reverse order.  If negative start is
1337: Returns path to file object in case it is not absolute. Else returns 'None'.  [...]'s primary functionality
1338: Convert Stop ID to Request Format – Function that converts an inputted integer into request format, where it splits by
1339: Convert given Height in cm to Metric system. The output is list of two elements - numberOfMetres & Number
1340: "Creates an entry in trace log with specified parameters."  [...]   .format() method. It returns formatted string
1341: This is an implementation of signum/sign detection algorithm. It returns +/-+ depending whether inputted value has positive,
1342: This Python program defines an algorithm to calculate Fibo numbers. It uses recursion, but it is not efficient as we
1343: Calculates cost of travel based upon given distances. If input is odd, it adds current number to recursive call until even
1344: Converts all characters of each individual Word into Title Case, ie., capitalizes first letter after every space present within
1345: This python method converts normalized data back into original form. It takes in three parameters - x point to be converted ,mean
1346: This is an implementation of IJ to integer conversion. It converts two integers into one single digit number using binary representation.\
1347: This python method checks whether given circuit is syntactically correct. It verifies that every opening bracket has corresponding closing one
1348: Finds smallest length of any valid python scripting language syntax."   .strip()}`" ]]], [[ "
1349: This python method filters out unwanted actions.  It checks whether an inputted string matches any known ones in our list then
1350: This Python script calculates an angle between two hands of clock. It takes in list with hours, minutes as input parameters.\
1351: Inserts 'three' after position in circle.  Returns new Circle with inserted element at specified index.\r"
1352: This Python script calculates Density of an object. \r  It takes two arguments - 'mass' & "volume
1353: Returns SQL query with top limit of records.  e..g., SELECTTOP15FROM[table]WHEREcolumn
1354: This python script creates an empty board of size*2+4, where each cell is represented by '.' . The first
1355: This Python method shifts an angle by one degree. It takes as input "Theta" which is in radians, returns shifted
1356: Convert given in decibels relative to white noise power. \r   Returns wattersian equivalent of inputted value.\
1357: This Python method calculates forward read position based off of strandedness. It takes in three parameters; 'query start',
1358: Returns list of elements at given indices from an input array.  The primary functionality is to extract specific data points based upon their
1359: This python script is used to subtact one from an id generated by Redis Stream, it handles cases where there are more
1360: This Python method checks whether given 'Position' object falls into overflow condition.  It returns true when it reaches last row of
1361: This is an implementation of dynamic programming algorithm that calculates maximum value we can get by taking some items from available ones. It
1362: This Python script cleans up text by removing common English stopwords such as 'the', '.','and' etc., from sentences
1363: This python method calculates an objective value based upon various parameters. The primary goal is to minimize/maximize depending of
1364: This Python method replaces all occurrences of keys from 'keys' dictionary with their corresponding values within given input string.\
1365: This is an implementation of unigram tokenization. It takes in list/array 'word' as input, returns array
1366: This Python script cleans up names by removing common initial letters like Mr., Ms, Mrs etc from their beginning of sentences.\r
1367: A recursive implementation of binary to decimal conversion. It converts an input number into it's equivalent in base 'size
1368: Linearizes an index in column major order.  The indices are used to access elements of multidimensional arrays.\
1369: Checks whether an ISC Xml data file starts with '<?xml version =" ?">' .
1370: This Python script partitions an inputted long textual strings by dividing it up based upon number of specified segmented parts.\
1371: Returns length of inputted string.  It ignores spaces, counting only characters that are not space ('') .   For
1372: A recursive implementation of LOL algorithm. It takes in an input set, converts it into two lists by taking every
1373: Returns bit at given position in byte.\ n's output is either true if it was set to one else false. \
1374: This python script generates an adjacency matrix from given input. The output is essentially all pairs of vertices connected by edges between
1375: Returns URL based upon provided IP Address & Port number.\r  \t   If both are zero then it returns localhost url
1376: Generates random key of specified size with lowercase letters & digts.\r's"   }]}, "output
1377: This Python method adds LaTeX commands before/after an input body of text.  The output is then returned as one
1378: Checks if two histograms are equal in terms of content but not necessarily order.\r'  .strip()
1379: Flatens an arbitrarily deeply embedded lists into one dimension. It's useful when dealing with data that might be missing
1380: This python program finds out which item in an array is closest to another given number. It uses recursion method of finding minimum
1381: Checks if given TILE number corresponds to DORA indicator.  If true, returns True; otherwise False.\r
1382: This python method checks whether an ending chunk is one of three types - BOS/starting sentence OR IMMEDIAL
1383: Format number in standard units like KB/MB to GB etc.\r's formatting .   \tCode : "
1384: This python method calculates how many times one needs to multiply by two before it becomes zero. It is used in calculating
1385: Tinh x^2 + 5x - 6 = £¬ÝNHATTUYEN
1386: This python method checks whether two numbers are within an acceptable range of each other based upon their relative difference in percentage value.\ n
1387: This is an implementation of polynomial decay, which reduces learning rate over time.\ n'tably it decreases lr by multip
1388: Finds version attribute of an object. If modified, returns 'Modify'. Else it checks created date & time returning
1389: Converts labels to reverse order of domain name format (. in IPv%d).  %s is replaced by actual
1390: A recursive algorithm to find minimum number of coins required in change. It uses dynamic programming approach by storing previously computed results so
1391: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence with caching. It is used to calculate fibonacci numbers
1392: This python program adds up all numbers within an input list.  The output is then returned as one number, which represents sum
1393: Generates domain name -> Task Name version string.  For example "myDomainName--MyTask -->  myDom
1394: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO - replace with actual value. This is just an
1395: This Python script creates pairs of elements from an input list, then returns all possible combinations with those paired together. The result is
1396: A simple interpolation method that linearly maps one range to another. It's useful when you want your data points within an
1397: Returns error hash from first reported issue in given log file.\r's/Error Hash - /''  # ErrorHash
1398: Returns full path of file. If it is not absolute, returns relative to current directory.\  [...]   \tdef
1399: Removes specified 'prefixed' strings from input. If no match is found returns original unmodified str.\s
1400: Returns whether given name is not related to system's recovery.  'Last boot time', proc pid stat filename are considered
1401: This python script defines an recursion to estimate transformation of string names based upon given transformations.\  It takes in two parameters -
1402: Checks whether all characters in word are non letters, ie., underscore (_).  Returns true only when every character
1403: Converts strings to boolean values.\  The input can be either 'True', \'Yes'\", \"1\"
1404: Returns three copies of input list.  The first two are identical to original, third is duplicated from originals in order
1405: Returns True as soon an element is found in input. If no such elements exist, it returns false  .   [END
1406: Formatting of default tokens in DFT format. \r"   .strip()}\ncode:\ndef getattr_(
1407: This is an implementation of Learning Rate Scheduing technique.\ It decides how much to reduce/increase our initial l
1408: This python method returns an inputted kmers length after checking whether it is greater than threefold. If not then simply outputs
1409: A Python implementation of an algorithm to check whether all characters are unique.  It uses recursion with memoization technique where
1410: This Python script reads from an opened file object to determine how many blank lines are present in it.\s  It returns '-
1411: Parses an XML representation of Boolean value. If it is 'null' returns false, otherwise converts to bool type
1412: Finds out whether an inputted string is present in list of strings. If yes then returns True otherwise False.\t
1413: Returns square root of each number in input sequence 'S'. The result is filtered to only include perfect sqaures from original
1414: A helper method to get root url from given uris.\r's/>', 276958
1415: Returns difference between number of pole positions in polynomial representation compared to zeroes.\r's  \t       >>>
1416: Replace all occurances of 'old' in string with another word/string ‘replace’ from right side to left
1417: Returns context data to be used in templates, which includes version of Django being run by server.\r's/>
1418: This Python script cleans an ID by replacing all non alphanumeric characters with underscore (_).  It is used in
1419: Combines two lists of results into one. If either input isn't provided as an array/list it returns that result
1420: This python method filters out any empty strings from an array of inputs while keeping only those that are present within another list/array
1421: A dictionary that returns failure status with associated data.  The primary functionality is to provide an error response when something goes wrong in
1422: Converts RGB color to grayscale.\ncode:\tdef grayScaleImage(): \nturns an image
1423: A simple implementation of Linear interpolation. It calculates an intermediate value between two given points in time.\ n't
1424: This python script takes two sequences of records with associated timestamps as input parameters to combine them into one combined dictionary where each
1425: Returns 'Numerical' when datatype of input data element in list/array are numerics. Otherwise returns textual
1426: This python script checks whether given number is float.  It returns true when it finds '.' otherwise false .'   }
1427: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO - replace with actual error message. This is just
1428: Checks whether given input text represents comment.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true."   }`
1429: This python method creates whitespace strings. It determines how many times to use \'\tab\'s as well ‘sp
1430: Returns only directories in given paths  .   [END] --->"Filter out non directory files from provided file names
1431: Computes distance from given line to half space defined by two vectors.  The result is positive if it lies in front of
1432: Computes ECEF coordinates of point P relative to reference frame. \r   The basis is defined by three unit vectors
1433: Returns True if n is an Odd number, False otherwise. \'O\' stands in place of 'odd'. This
1434: Calculates which binary bucket to assign value in. This is useful when dealing with continuous data where we want our values divided into
1435: Removes all occurrences of an argument from string values.\r  \t   Example:\f    >>>cut('
1436: Calculates volume of prisma.  \N{GRINTS SMALL CIRCLE}   .'s
1437: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.py` ``` python -m
1438: Parses an AWS SAM template to extract information about which gems are used in it – their group number as
1439: A Python implementation of checking whether an input integer can be divided evenly by any other integers. If it cannot, then returns
1440: This python script reads through an input string skipping over specified number of newline characters. It returns position after reading all but
1441: Checks whether given input starts with specified 'Prefix'.  \   Returns True when it's true otherwise returns false.
1442: Appends to list of filters based upon comparison operators.\nspecified in string format."  [END]  ```
1443: This python method performs floating point division of two numbers.  \ n   It returns resultant value after performing divisio
1444: Defines an operation to invert numbers.  In other word it adds two given inputs together until they become equal .   "
1445: Filter out unused channels from given list of transferring pairs.  The result will be only those that are partnered with
1446: Returns maximum repetitions of any pattern in list.  If there are multiple patterns with same highest count then returns first one encountered
1447: This Python script checks whether given inputted text/strings are blank. It uses recursion to check each character of an entered
1448: This Python script generates an error message when there are unexpected errors in your program. It displays all of those issues as separate lines
1449: Returns true when text has more than one character, otherwise returns false. This is used to determine whether parentheses are needed
1450: This Python script defines an algorithm that converts bold tags in HTML to marker based ones, vice versa using regular expressions.\
1451: A Python implementation of calculating sums to n. \r       >>>sumToN() # returns expected output, i
1452: Calculates maximum importance of states in an optimization problem.  Maximum value is calculated as average minus mean square error, which
1453: This python method takes in an input string of format "xz", where x is latitude, z represents zoom level.\
1454: Create an entry in nonterminals table.  \r' + '   -> '.join([str(_[1
1455: This python method takes an array of group names as input, removes duplicates from it by checking each element against all other elements
1456: Parses an address string into integer value.\ncode is used to convert hexadecimal addresses in strings of form
1457: A Python implementation of FIBONACCI sequence with only one digit. The number in fibonacci series is generated
1458: Check whether an inputted string starts with "SymPy" in Python.  \N{GRINning Face}
1459: Calculates Oxygen Abundece in mol/L from atomic number.\ n .   \t"The formula is
1460: This Python method performs division of two numbers. It raises an exception when dividing with zero to avoid ZeroDivisionErrors
1461: This python script defines an algorithm to calculate how much of one's daily activity has been completed. It takes into account current
1462: Calculates delta between two points in space. If one of them is at origin then returns zero.\r's distance from
1463: This Python program calculates number of ways to tile an 'N' by using four tiles. The tiling is done in
1464: Returns AWS service endpoint based upon given aws regions.  \r   For example, us_east returns 'ec2
1465: Convert input to list of strings. If already in string format returns as it was.\ Returned output will be used by other
1466: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. It indicates that there was an issue
1467: Wraps an inputted rotation around zero to be within valid range. For example, it returns '185'
1468: This Python script defines an operation that multiplies two numbers together. It is used in various calculations involving multiplication of factors.\r
1469: Truncates string to specified length with ellipsis.  If original text is less than 'N' characters long then
1470: This python script switches two numbers in an array. If first number is less than second, it returns both as one list.\
1471: Returns an abbrevation of given input string.  If 'input' is not recognized, it raises exception.";
1472: A Python method that rounds each score in an array of scores.  The input is expected to be another python iterable containing
1473: Checks if point p lies within box defined by corners of bounding volume with sides equal to half lengths in each dimension.\
1474: A python implementation of x/16th power. The input is three numbers along with an optional third parameter to set up
1475: Remove HTML tags from text.\s  .strip() removes leading/trailing whitespace, \t is used to remove
1476: Normalizes URL to http protocol. If it is not already in that format, adds one.\>'  ]], [[
1477: This python method cleans up text by replacing all spaces with underscores (_).  It also handles special characters, numbers etc
1478: This python method converts an URL to filename format by removing http/ https prefixes, replacing "/"->"_".
1479: A simple python method to perform addition of two numbers.  \ n   It takes in input as parameters which are both integers
1480: Calculates probability of an instance being down.  Given two rates at which users are interacting with different services in terms per minute
1481: This python script checks whether an input string is valid as ASCII Domain name, ie., it contains only alphan
1482: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.py` ```# -*
1483: Simplifies names by removing any directory information from them.\s'  '   .e.' />', '/home
1484: This python script is used to generate command line arguments from an array of strings. It joins all elements in arguements into
1485: A memozied version of Fibonacci sequence generator. It uses recursion with memorization to optimize computation time
1486: Convert integer number into corresponding letter in Alphabet. For example convert '9' will give you output as `"abc".
1487: This Python method checks whether game has been won, lost by returning true when 'finished' is equal to one of three strings
1488: Returns string representation of beam shape.  If no specific value provided, returns empty String."   .strip() --->
1489: Calculates √[K/((R*ρ²)*Cp)] where K is total capital stock of an
1490: Removes score from contributions dictionary.\s  .   \t'remove': 'Remove', "delete": '" + str
1491: This python method checks whether two lists of tokens are identical. If they're not equal it returns false otherwise returning truthy
1492: Returns an emoji based upon health of jobs. If score is above/equal to  65, returns :cloud
1493: Returns an API endpoint URL to fetch artist data based upon given parameters.\t  \   .'s output is in JSON
1494: Helper method to calculate spaces array. Used in recursive calls of getSpacingArray() .   """     [END
1495: Adds 2 numbers together with an extra step of adding one. If either input isn’ t numeric then it raises
1496: Checks whether given string starts with 'W' followed by one to nine digits.\ n  . Returns True/False
1497: This Python script returns transpose of matrix. It takes as input an n x m Matrix where 'm' is column count
1498: Returns reference data. \r  " .format(_ref.__name__) + "\t" * len("Code:\ndef
1499: Flattern list of lists.  [xx, yy], zz -> xxxyyyzz .   This is
1500: Returns whether it is possible to move in given 'direction' after reaching an element of size ‘itemSize’. If
1501: Converts VRF names to NAPAlM BGP equivalent, default is used when not recognized.\r'
1502: Implements learning rate schedule based upon different periods of training.\t   .' }']]],[[[['Code
1503: This is an implementation of binary search tree. It returns number at node with index 'index'. If it doesn' seex
1504: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  It takes two numbers as input
1505: This Python script counts dots present within an inputted 2D array. It uses nested loops to iteratively check each element
1506: This Python method converts singular form of given word. If last character is 'S', it returns string without trailing S
1507: This Python script converts all instances of 'Extra' in input strings to lowercase, replaces them with just an upper
1508: This program will end by printing "Good Bye" to console.  It also exits from python environment .   \
1509: This python method converts an input string into either integer/float value based upon whether it starts with 'i' / f
1510: Calculates power of each digit from right to left. Then sums them up.\ncode is used as an alias name '
1511: Trims leading/trailing +gits from pv string, then joins remaining parts with - .  # TODO replace
1512: This python method performs bit wise AND operation between two IP addresses. It takes in an ip address as string format with each byte
1513: Removes duplicate entries from text by converting it into dictionary which automatically removes duplication, then convert back to lists with unique elements
1514: Checks whether an id string starts with "D" followed by exactly eight digits. If so returns true else false .
1515: Generates an HTML list of GitHub Issues based off given data.\ n'  # noqas E51
1516: Generates combinations of elements from an input iterable with specified size. The combination is represented as tuples in Python'
1517: Combines two 24 bit integers into one. The first integer is used as coefficient while second represents base value.\nd
1518: This python method strips off trailing characters from given string until it finds specified character/string.\r  \t   If
1519: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. .eo,
1520: A linear interpolation between two points.  \todo Add more details about how it works.\r's output is
1521: This Python Function flattens an arbitrarily nested List. It takes as parameter one flatened array of elements from any
1522: This python script defines functions to find all possible times of voltage spike from given time series data. The primary functionality involves finding
1523: Calculates total cost of material consumption.\ncm - Cost per unit in currency units,\nlifetime value loss rate/
1524: Returns prefix of given disk name. For example, /mnt is returned when input 'sdb' otherwise it returns same as provided
1525: This Python method checks whether an Address Set is present within given Column Map. If it's found then returns true otherwise false
1526: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. .format(type
1527: Extracts IP address from OID.\r'  .   \t     ,,,,,.''', ''')
1528: This python method formats an input string into one line of text that can be used in API requests. It takes as parameter,
1529: Returns smallest number in array. If no elements, returns zero.\r's"   }]},{ "id":
1530: "Check if two numbers are equal within some tolerance. If not returns an error message with both values provided".  [END
1531: This python method returns string representation of given number in million. If input is zero it will simply output 'O'.   .
1532: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   .     [ ] ->
1533: This python method returns random key from dictionary's available options .   [ ]     }}}}}}" }} />}
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to public url format.\ n  .e., convert 'google storage bucket' into standard http link.'
1535: Converts boolean values to integers. True is converted into integer one, False becomes zero.\s   .'     ,
1536: Maps Ansbile' Type of variable.  Returns string, array etc based upon inputted types .   [Code
1537: Returns all numbers up to n that are multiple of given number. The result is sorted in ascending order.\r's
1538: Canonicalizes revision range. Returns string representation of given version number.\rangedefined in .git/logs/\
1539: Convert Hexadecimal to Address.   [Functionality] .     Returns address in string format from given input of
1540: This Python method calculates an adjusted color value based off of input variances.\r's  \tThe adjustment is
1541: This python method returns size of an argument in bytes. It takes as input string representing data types, such 'char', int
1542: Convert an unsigned integer to byte array. The input is expected as hexadecimal string, it will be converted into bytes
1543: Returns properties of diamonds based upon their element symbol.\r'   ### END OF SUMMARY LINE . '     else
1544: Checks if one chromosome dominantly surpasses another.  If so returns True else False .   The first
1545: Sets Python's global logging output.  Returns current loggin setting.\   .     [...]"}}/>},
1546: Convert DSCP value to TOs. \r' + '\ncode:\ndesc = "Differentiated Services
1547: This python method generates an unique sort key based upon whether given string ends with "_ids","_mask". If not, it
1548: Returns cubed value of inputted integer. \'pow\' is used to calculate power in python language.\solution:\
1549: Returns day of Week as string.  The input integer represents index from Monday to Sunday where zero means first Day ie.,
1550: Checks if string contains any non whitespace characters.\  Returns False when input empty, True otherwise .   \s*
1551: A recursive implementation of factorial calculation. It calculates n! by multiplying each number from `i` to  `
1552: Deconstructs YAML references in input data. \r   It recursively traverses through nested structures to extract
1553: Compare two integers. If first is greater than second returns it otherwise checks whether less then compares with third integer.\nche
1554: Returns True if 'set' is present as an element of dictionary.  If not returns False .   [Code:] #
1555: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO(user): replace with actual content. This is
1556: This Python Function calculates gradient of an Attention Score. The attention score is used in Transformer model to weigh different
1557: Generates string representation of channel number followed by "_", then either "OUTPUT_" if it's an Output event else
1558: A recursive implementation of interleaving two binary numbers. The primary functionality is to combine these bits into one number by altern
1559: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. The output is calculated by multiplying two previous terms in series with
1560: Checks if given object has type block.  \r   Returns True when it's of that kind, False otherwise
1561: Generates an array of dictionaries with ids as keys.  Each dictionary represents one row in table data .   The
1562: A Python implementation of Fibo sequence using recursion. The output is an integer representing index 'i' in our series
1563: Returns core number of current thread. If it is less than zero then returns maximum possible value which means no cores available.\r
1564: Returns true when resource type is override url id, otherwise false.\r's"  # noqa E54
1565: This python method is used to remove modifiers from fields in a given string, leaving only their base name.\r'
1566: This python script formats float numbers to two decimal places. It uses built in Python functions such as 'str' , ‘
1567: Checks whether given string represents valid UNIX domain socket.  Returns True when it's an uniqe name,
1568: This Python script takes in an array of numbers as input. It triples each number by multiplying it with three using l
1569: Computes greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. \r's output is in form g = ax
1570: A cyclic shift of elements in an array/linkedList. The first element becomes last one.\>'  } ,
1571: Returns first 5 characters of an inputted string. This is used to uniquely identify customers in our system.\r's
1572: Returns string representation of crystal system based upon given Space Group Number.  For example, returns 'Mono' when input is
1573: Parses an ID from URLs using "/" as separator.\r'  \ nReturns UUID of last part
1574: A Python implementation of converting an integer into Binary Coded Decimal. The input is assumed as decimal number which needs conversion
1575: This Python script calculates all possible substring lengths of length 'len' from string s. The output is an array containing
1576: A recursive helper method to find all indices of elements in column 'col' from row ‘h’. The output
1577: This python script takes in an argument, checks whether it's of type 'int', then returns True. If false/
1578: This python script is used to convert strings into PIL formatting codes.\  It takes as input an array of string values
1579: A simple implementation of RosenBrock's benchmark problem in Python, which is used to evaluate multiobjective optimization problems
1580: This is an implementation of linear regression model. It takes two parameters as input which are used to calculate summation in equation.\
1581: Cleanes up PTC Rubber Band data by removing OS from product names.\r's  . \x9f
1582: Calculates bounding constant of Kinematic model. The result is used to calculate lower bounds in optimization problems.\end
1583: Decodes path segment. "%" is replaced with '/' in URL encoding."  [END]   .eol()
1584: Creates an empty replacement list of size 'size' x 2. The first dimension is number k which represents different keys
1585: A recursive implementation of reversing string.  The input is expected to be an ASCII character sequence which will then get
1586: Converts numerical scores to ratings.  For instance, converting '5' into Excelling rating string will be returned
1587: Generates predictions based off of CNNs' outputs. If AS is predicted as negative (-), it predictes that both inputs
1588: Returns True if every value in lunchess dictionary is true, else returns False indicating that there are still unchecked lunc
1589: Adds two coordinates together.  Returns new coordinate as list [x_sum , y_sum，z_sum].
1590: This Python method checks whether an input word string contains only unique characters. It returns true when all letters in that order appear exactly
1591: A lambda version of matrix multiplication.  It takes two lists as input parameters.\ncreates an output list by multip
1592: Computes power of two using modular arithmetic. The result is taken under given prime number 'mod'. \r'
1593: Generates list of names with maximum length.  The output is formatted as required by MML system to display name properly aligned
1594: This python script generates all possible combinations of three indices from ‘range’ functions to form an ordered list.\r's
1595: Returns reflection of point 'point' about line defined by points "start" & “end”.   \ n
1596: Calculates average energy from given history of measurements. If no data, returns zero.\r'   }]}]],[[
1597: checks whether there is any valid duration in cross section. If not returns true else false .  \ncross : list of
1598: This python method converts yml string to json format. It escapes special characters that are used by YAML like
1599: This Python method returns new lists where each element is obtained from original by applying lambda to corresponding index.  The primary goal
1600: Calculates distance from Earth's center to Galactocentric frame.   [...] . The input parameters are velocity in
1601: Returns all unique characters in given geometry.  If no input, returns an empty array .   'symbols' is used
1602: This python method checks whether data type of inputted variable matches with int/float. If it's an integer then returns
1603: This Python script removes duplicated elements from an input sequence, returning it as reverse order.\s  The primary functionality is to
1604: Evaluates polynomial at point 'X'. The first coefficient of input is multiplied by itself recursively until all coefficients are
1605: Returns URL to fetch comments of given post in RedDIT's r all subredit with specified parameters.\  .
1606: This is an implementation of bitwise 'AND' operation in python. It takes two arguments - both integers.\nchecks
1607: Encrypts plaintext message using public key encryption. \r"   "     .'%^&*()_
1608: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. .format(type
1609: Convert bounding box coordinates from CenterXYWH to XYX format. This is useful when you want your model's
1610: Flatens an arbitrarily nested lists into one long, simple linear sequence.  It uses recursion to achieve that goal
1611: Returns CIFAR 2 dataset's corresponding image class names. \r"   .format() is used to insert
1612: Removes an element of list 'fromlist' by value.\r  \t   Returns true when successful else false."
1613: Checks if all cards in given list are of same suit.  If yes, returns True; otherwise False.\t
1614: Calculates average of two points.   ### END SUMMARY LINE###'s output is an array with coordinates that represent
1615: This Python script removes all numbers from an input string, in reversing order of their appearance.\s  The output is then
1616: This Python script creates an array of tuples where each tuple contains one element from input list 'scores' with count
1617: Returns True if number is divisible by either three nor five, False otherwise. This checks whether given integer can be divided even
1618: This Python method moves an element from any position to front of list.\  It checks whether given input is present inside List then
1619: Trims an array of strings to specified length. If string is shorter than required then it returns original one otherwise cuts off part
1620: This python method generates clock wise path. It takes subpaths as input, reverses them to make it counter clocke
1621: This python method checks whether three given numbers can form PythaTriangle.  It returns true only when these inputs could be
1622: Calculates distance between two points in 4D space. The coordinates are considered as integers only.\r's/>
1623: Generates cup prefixes.  The first character is always 'r'.   \'U\' stands in place of unit
1624: A recursive helper method to get an element from given lists. If out of bounds it returns provided 'default' value.\
1625: This Python program calculates an object's initial altitude from given pressure level using Newton’ s law of gravity.\ n
1626: A python method to convert masses into kilograms. If input is less than one, it converts that many grams
1627: Split string into list of substrings based upon delimiters. If last character is /, it means that we are
1628: Extracts just name from full path of files.\ n't include directory structure ./\//g ."   "
1629: This Python script sorts options dictionary by keys then joins them into one string with formatting rules specified.\s  It'll
1630: This Python method converts mathematical notation from one form of representation into another, such as changing spaces between variables in expressions like alpha
1631: Limits an integer to between zero & maximum value of two five bits.   \r" }]' -> '
1632: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`, ```javascript
1633: This defines whether an input value `type` can be considered as part of our program's data.  It checks different
1634: This python script divides data into two sets based upon specific conditions. The first condition can be any type of object like string
1635: A linear interpolation between two points.  It returns an output that is linearly mapped from one range to another.\ n
1636: Checks if given string starts with four spaces.  This indicates that it's indented correctly, ie., has
1637: Sanitation of strings to remove non alphanumeric characters from both ends.\  [...]   \end{code}
1638: This Python script takes in an input of repository URL, splits it into components to identify both 'Owner' & Repository
1639: Notify recipient about changes in database.  \r   .'s/^[aA]ll/.toLower
1640: This python script pads all sentences to have equal length by appending padding tokens. The padded sentence is returned as output.\
1641: Flatens an arbitrarily nested lists into one dimension.  It uses recursion to handle any level of nesting in
1642: Generates tweet content based off of preambles text.  The primary functionality is to create an informative string that can be
1643: A Python implementation of an inclusively range.  It generates all numbers within given start to end points including both ends.\
1644: This Python method strips 'http://' from start of URLs. If url starts with http:/, it will remove that
1645: Returns all operating period of projects within specified timeframe.  The output is filtered by project' s life span from start to
1646: A recursive implementation of intersection operation between two lists.  \ncreates an accumulator list that keeps track which elements
1647: Returns true when two frequencies are of lower frequency.  For example "C" <=> D."   [END]<
1648: This Python Function checks whether given value 'x' lies greater that minimum limit specified by user input ‘y’ . If
1649: Converts UVW to GRZ.\ n'tably conversts from Ultraviolet radiation intensity in W/
1650: Converts TCP state from Hexadecimal to String.  The states are as follows : Established,
1651: Checks whether an inputted value of 'Angle' falls within certain range. If it doesn’t fall in any
1652: This Python method joins two strings together with an ampersands. It is used to create URLs by combining given parameters into
1653: Returns an enumerated version of input string 'TEXT'.  The prefix is added to ensure uniqueness in case if two different
1654: This python method calculates Levenschtein distance between two strings. It is used in various applications such as string similarity
1655: Performs division operation between two numbers. If either of them are not numeric types it returns an empty string.\s
1656: This is an implementation of tensorflow scheduler that controls learning rate during training process.\r'   .format() )"
1657: Merges two lists of properties into one. Removes duplicates from both input list by checking against existing values within '
1658: Returns maximum length of keys from given dictionary – used to determine how many times an array is repeated within another list/array
1659: Returns an RGB value with reduced opacity. If input is fully opaque it returns original values.\r's" }
1660: A recursive method that checks whether an input value is present within given list of values.  If it's found then
1661: Checks whether string contains word 'public'.\r  \t   . If so returns true. Otherwise false."
1662: A Python implementation of generating polynomial with given coefficient list. The output is an array containing tuples where each tuple contains index
1663: This python script checks whether given filename is of gtf format.  It returns true when it finds .gz, -file
1664: Sorts an array of strings by length in ascending order. If two items have same lengths then they are ordered alph
1665: This Python Function checks whether two polygons can be combined into one. If they do not match in their vertices then it returns
1666: Calculates perpetual value of an investment.  \r   The formula is based off compound interest.\t'%Y
1667: Shifts received characters by an amount specified.  This is used to encrypt/decipher text messages.\s   .
1668: This python script calculates percentage of common tokens between two lists. It takes as input both tokenized sentences/words from different
1669: Calculates linear interpolation between two points in 2D space.\ n .   The first point is at lower left corner
1670: This python method verifies whether an authorised user has permission to perform certain actions. It checks permissions based upon 'action'
1671: This python method calculates maximum episodes based off input parameters.  It takes three inputs num\_layer , \nepoch factor
1672: Finds minimum & maximum values in an array of arrays. The input is expected to be two dimensional.\r'   .
1673: This Python method flattens an arbitrarily nested array of integers into one dimension. It uses recursion to handle sub
1674: A Python implementation of Collatz Conjecture. The conjecture states that every positive integer starts with "N" at some
1675: This script is used to convert all scripts from Linux style (.sh files into Windows compatible .cmd/.batch file format). If
1676: Concatenates all elements in an array of lists into one. If there are no arguments, it returns empty resultant
1677: checks whether given coordinate lies within bounds of provided 2D array/shape. \'True\' means it falls in bound
1678: Convert polynomial to string representation.  If coefficient is one, only include integer part of it; otherwise show whole number with multiplication
1679: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. ```python`"Conversion
1680: This python method takes in an input string of format 'X . Y' where X is Major Version,Y  Minore
1681: Normalises text scores by dividing them with maximum possible number of word in query plus one to get between zero & ones .
1682: Underlines inputted string with double underscores.  \r   Example:\ru_underline("Hello World") -
1683: This python program counts how many times character appears at end of string. The helper recursive method is used to solve problem by
1684: Checks whether two numbers are equal. If they're both integers of floats then it checks equality between them.\nor
1685: This is an event callback that returns value of specific dataset in given list.\t  .'   # noqa E
1686: This Python method returns all column names from input list, but it will also add 'tasks' to front of returned result
1687: This Python method returns an id string based off of inputted name, which is assumed to be in format 'Task Name'
1688: Calculates area of right angled triangles. \'Base\' is length from one end to opposite vertex while 'Height
1689: Finds first occurrence of Kmers. It returns an empty string when it cannot locate any more occurrences.\nspec
1690: Returns true if language is English.  This checks whether row contains 'English' as first element followed by any other elements separated
1691: Calculates contrast between two brain regions by comparing their means of gray matter to white mater.\r's output is normalized
1692: Compiles an inputted string into morse equivalent.\  The program converts English to Morsea language by mapping each letter
1693: Remove trailing newline character from string.  If no such char exists, returns original input.\Z'   .strip
1694: This python script merges two lists of tuples into one list by matching based upon first element within each pair.\r
1695: Calculates area of bins in histogram.  The input is number counts per each interval/bins.\ n .e
1696: This python method is used to verify if given string matches with calculated one. It takes two parameters - 'Line' as input
1697: This python method returns an integer that corresponds to given string in list. If it doesn't exist then raises error message "
1698: Parses an input string into dictionary of keys/values.\s  The format is "<KEY>= <VALUE>
1699: Removes URL from string, leaving only textual content.\  The input is assumed to be an English sentence with no ur
1700: Calculates efficiency of free reactive transport from lifetime.\r's"   }] }],[{ "title
1701: A linear mapping from one range to another.  It scales input values linearly between two output ranges.\ n's
1702: A python implementation of Insertionsort algorithm.  The primary functionality is to sort an array in ascending order using '
1703: Configures application settings.\nspecify configuration details.  \nto be used by other parts of your project, such
1704: This Python method calculates how to position an inputted string in middle of another given size. It takes four parameters representing dimensions
1705: Generates an HTML Table of Contents from MarkDown Headers.\ n's output is formatted as per the Mark Down
1706: Convert PhRED quality scores to ASCII values. \'A\' corresponds with phreys of 'quality score'. The
1707: A generator that generates all pairs of indices in two dimensions. \'range\' is replaced by 'loop', which recursively
1708: A helper method to convert an integer into hexadecimal. \r"   }}}' . '{ "code
1709: This Python program defines an iterative solution to calculate absolute value of all elements in input list. It uses recursion which is
1710: Generates weights based off of chosen form. 2 local gates are used in each repetition to ensure correctness.\r
1711: Returns smallest power of two that is greater than given number 'N'. This can be used to allocating memory in bits rather
1712: This Python method replaces end of line characters with specified character/string in given input string.\  The primary functionality is to
1713: A helper method to check whether an element is in another list. If it's found then returns false else true.\ n
1714: This Python method reorients an array of starting positions to be relative from 1st element. It is used in generating
1715: This Python method is used to deduplicate scopes names within an environment by replacing common prefixes with unique identifiers.\
1716: This is an implementation of custom rounded number formatting. It rounds numbers to two decimal places by default but can be adjusted according
1717: A simple search algorithm that checks each value one by 1 until it finds an equal to target. If found returns true else
1718: This Python method checks whether an observed data point falls within two tails of given critical values. It returns True when it is
1719: Converts pixel values to waveform.  The input is an array of pixels in range [min_pixel...
1720: Generating intermediate control point between two given end coordinates.\  The generated list of controls is ordered by increasing order according to their
1721: This Python method checks whether an alternative hypothesis string can be used in comparison. It returns true only when it's one of
1722: This python program finds out how many letters in common between two strings. It uses recursion to compare characters from both inputted
1723: This Python method returns which "quarter" of year it belongs to based upon inputted number. For example, January is
1724: Parses threshold list to find closest value.\r's"   }]}]}', 'parseThresholds
1725: A Python implementation of reversing an inputted String.  It uses recursion to achieve that functionality by calling itself with smaller
1726: This python method takes an integer as input, doubles it by multiplying with itself twice then applies modulo operation to get
1727: This python script reads an mgc/mzxml files to extract numeric part of filename.\ n't used in
1728: Simplifies output from stdouts by removing unnecessary information.\r"   .strip()) # noqa E51
1729: Counts leading spaces in string.  Returns count of first non space character from left to right.\   .' \r
1730: Converts string to boolean value.\ n'  # noqa E547, ignore whitespace errors from
1731: Scales each element of an input array by multiplying it with provided scalar.  This is useful when you want to normal
1732: This python method formats datetime object to string in ISO 8612 format.\   .' \r'. '.'
1733: Convert color scale to linearized version.  This is done by taking each RGB value from input, converting it into an equivalent
1734: Calculates heat transfer coefficient between two walls of different temperatures.  \ncooperative with temperature difference in wall."
1735: Returns font name with underscores replaced by spaces, first letter capitalized .  # noqa E514
1736: This python script counts how many elements of an array are within clip length.  It checks each element to see whether it is
1737: Returns ASCII value of character at given position in string. If outofbound returns '-1'.  "   }}}
1738: This is an implementation of Exact Differential Equations. It calculates values based off two input parameters.\  The primary
1739: Calculates temperature rise in kWh/kg^2 based upon operating powers & weights.\r's output is rounded to
1740: A recursive implementation of reversing an inputted String.  The output is also in reverse order as per requirement .
1741: Returns input string with first character converted to LowerCase. If no characters in String, returns an empty str  .   [
1742: This python method converts labels into their corresponding binary values. For example,'red' will be converted to ['one', zero
1743: This python method checks if given matrix has square shape.  It returns True only when it's an identity Matrix else False
1744: checks whether given input can be considered as channel name.  It returns true when it starts with an alphanumeric character
1745: This python script splits an incoming comma separated list into individual strings.\  It also adds "zeroes". If any item
1746: This python method splits seconds into hours minutes & second. It takes in total number of Seconds as input.\r'
1747: This python script calculates an arithmetic mean of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'b' &amp;#x
1748: This python script returns mean of colors based upon their keys. If no match found then it will default to none.\r'
1749: Converts Dal type to equivalent SQL data types.  For example, conversts 'int' into integer etc...
1750: This Python script calculates average of numbers in list.  \   .    `mean([1,2]) returns :
1751: Generates sequence of levels based off average distance from base level.  The first element is EO as per input parameter '
1752: Counts prime digtis. \ncode takes an integer input 'N' which represents number of digit to be counted.\
1753: Returns input as YAML formatted.  The color is set to Yellow .   [Yellow]."'s output
1754: Removes leading indentations from text strings.\  The primary functionality is to strip off any trailing white spaces, then
1755: Returns month name from number.\ndescription:\tReturns string representation of given integer as corresponding \'Month\' in list.
1756: This python method returns source name from given Full Name.\ncode is split by '-' to get all names except last three
1757: A simple wrapper around Python's string slicing to add ellipsis when necessary. \r"   . This is
1758: Converts all of first letters into uppercase.\syntax error, please check your syntax – it seems like there
1759: Normalizes angle changes to be between −π..+π. This is useful when dealing with angles that are not uniformly
1760: Generates an empty string of pipes ('|') based off boolean values.\s   .e..g, given [True
1761: This Python script calculates maximum heat conduction coefficient value.  It takes three parameters - number of elements in an element layer
1762: Generates an input sample from two lists of articles. Each list contains tuples where first element is label/class name
1763: This python script splits an input string into two parts based upon underscore character '_'. It then returns these as list of
1764: This program subtracts two matrices. If they are of equal size it will perform element by … . Otherwise returns an
1765: This python script returns color from given index. It is used to map an integer value into corresponding matplotlib colormap
1766: This Python script converts an input string of numbers in different formats into one float number, such as 1256
1767: This python method checks whether all given task objects are finished. If any of them is still running it returns False otherwise True .
1768: Returns sleep time based upon number of failed attempts. Lower values mean longer wait times between consecutive failures, higher means shorter waits
1769: This python script checks whether user's input matches with computer generated random number. If it is correct then returns remaining attempts to
1770: Checks whether given string is palindrome. \'True\' means it’s Palidromic.\r"
1771: Converts string values to numbers. If not possible conversts booleans into their numeric representation; returns none
1772: Toggles between two objects' properties. \r  If either object has an open property.\u>" }]
1773: Convert all lowercase characters in string to UPPERCASE  [...] .   ## Functionality : Conver
1774: This Python script defines an auxiliary method that takes as input two lists of strings - one representing individual phrases/lines to be evaluated
1775: This is an implementation of string representation based upon different types ​​of attacks. It maps integer inputs to their corresponding strings in
1776: This is an implementation of Branching Function. It takes in one integer input, checks whether it's even number using
1777: Returns overlap between two intervals. If they don't intersect then returns zero.\r"   .strip() + "."
1778: This is an implementation of ReLU activation in Python. It returns zero when input value less than equal to zeros,
1779: Checks if every character of given string 'text' are uppercase letters.'  [END]   .''')
1780: Calculates T statisitc.\r's" }], "output": [{"text":"return:\tcalculated
1781: Calculates water pressure gradient rate at ground level in kg/m^s .   "     }]}]}', '
1782: Returns list of bow tie  index files based upon base name provided as input parameter .   The returned file names are used to
1783: This Python script takes an input of 'horse' which is assumed to be list/array, then it returns reversed version
1784: This Python script processes CSVs by splitting each row into individual elements, stripping leading/trailing whitespace from these items
1785: Generates an underscore line with given character.  If input string provided then it returns that as output.\r's
1786: This Python script calculates how many percent of users are using specific brands. It takes two parameters - numberOfBrandP
1787: Calculates non discrete relative likelihood.  The calculation is based off of formulae derived from Bayesian information theory.\r'
1788: This Python method returns hours from given number of inputted in terms. It takes as an argument, total time duration to be
1789: Returns value at given pointer in either of two modes. If it's 2nd argument is True then returns list otherwise
1790: Extracts DOI suffix from given Protocol'DOIs.\ndoes not include any specific functionality, just provides structure
1791: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The primary functionality. .// A brief
1792: This Python method groups clients into 'groups' of size equal to `N`. The number passed as an argument determines how
1793: Checks whether two strings are of equal length by at most 2 characters different. If yes then checks that they have same
1794: This Python method checks whether an IP address falls into multcasting range.\ n's output will be True when it finds
1795: Convert an arbitrary Python data type into readable format as textual representation of that specific kind.\r  .'   '
1796: This is an implementation of sigmoide prime, which returns derivative with respect to input. It's used in backprop
1797: Flips an input tuple.  For example, if you pass in ('a', 'b'), it will output('b
1798: This python method generates space string according to required number of characters. If input is less than desired output then it returns empty strings
1799: Calculates average of list values.  \r   It is used to calculate mean value from given data set.\t
1800: Returns new Vector which is result of subtracting each corresponding pair from two vectors.  The operation assumes that both input lists are
1801: A simple addition operation.  \ n   Returns sum of two numbers.\ .'     }]}]}', 'function
1802: Calculates percentage of success in an experiment.\r's output is the ratio between two numbers which are used to calculate percent
1803: This Python script converts all '-' values to empty lists, allowing them be replaced by actual trading marks details later when needed
1804: This python script checks whether all elements in an array are equal to 'End'. If yes, it returns True. Otherwise False
1805: Convert dictionary to standard output format.\ndictionary -> string representation of keys & values separated by colon : .  \nex
1806: This script connects to Jenkin's API endpoint using provided URL. It then returns job names along with their respective colors in
1807: Converts two lumens to contrast ratio which is used in color matching algorithms like CIE 76/4
1808: This Python method takes in an array of strings, joins them into one string. It uses recursion to achieve that goal by
1809: Returns element at given index from list. \'position\' is zero based.\r"   }]}]]])))))
1810: This Python method returns all feature data from given GeoJSON object.  If no 'feature' key exists in provided JSON,
1811: This Python method splits input string into multiple line comments, converting each of them to single comment formatting by adding ' //
1812: This is an implementation of Maximum likelihood estimation with temperature scaling. It calculates maximum value based upon given parameters.\ n .
1813: Converts an inputted 2D list of integers into tuples. Each tuple represents one line/row from
1814: This Python method converts all values within an input list of lists to their absolute equivalent. The conversion is done by multiplying
1815: Calculates Re = ρ*d/μ. \t Returns value of calculated field in SI units.\r's
1816: A method to determine orientation of three points. It returns an integer value indicating whether they are clockwise/counterclock wise from
1817: Check if all characters in s are present within given list of allowed/allowed charactors.  Returns True when they exist
1818: Converts 4d point in camera coordinate system to corresponding projection of an image plane. This is used when we have
1819: This python script builds an integer representation of various flags. The output is used to determine whether certain conditions are met in order that
1820: Calculates Mean Squared Error between two time Series. The input is expected to be numpy arrays of equal length
1821: This Python method returns maximum element in an array. It uses recursion to find out which is larger between first item of list
1822: This Python method cleans up input string by replacing newline characters with spaces, then removing leading/trailing whitespace from each
1823: Calculates body weight based off of height & gender.\r's   . '.' )''') def test
1824: This Python script calculates two uniform moments of given range. The first moment is simply average value while second one includes variance in
1825: Generates an API URL.  The primary functionality is to append '/' with "API version" at end of given url
1826: Normalizes data to be between 1. The input is assumed as being in range of [minReading , Max Reading].
1827: Implements an exponential learning rate schedulers that decreases Learning Rate over time.\ n's in case of decreasing LR
1828: Convert input into an integer/floating point number when possible. If it'll be neither then returns as textual representation
1829: A recursive implementation of list deletion. It removes all occurrences ‘of value’ from given input 'list
1830: A helper method to retrieve value from pair list.  If key is found in first element of pairs then returns corresponding values otherwise
1831: Convert bio format to standard one in python.\ncode is used as an example of how it can be implemented .  The
1832: This python method returns an integer value where only one bit at position 'K' is changed to ‘ON’. The
1833: This Python method checks whether an inputted integer/float value represents positive numbers only.  It returns 'True' when it
1834: A simple python implementation of an equation that represents 2D motion in terms linear velocity. \'V\' is constant speed
1835: Check if CEPs are valid, returns False otherwise."   .strip() ---> This is used to check whether an
1836: Convert uppercase characters to their corresponding ASCII values, then convert them back into letters if they are not alphabetic
1837: This python method checks whether given string contains any of GL, MT , hs ," M " which are considered as non
1838: This Python method calculates how many iterations are needed to complete one epoch of training. It takes into account whether there is any
1839: This Python script creates an ordered list of distinct elements from inputted dictionary. The order is determined by their original insertion position
1840: A Python implementation of finding common items between two lists. It uses recursion to find matching elements in both input arrays/lists
1841: Constructs path from 'end' to ‘Start’ in given graph using recursive method. It returns list of nodes
1842: Converts an input number into either integer/floating point representation based upon whether it falls within specified limits – in
1843: A Python method to calculate indentation level of input string. It returns an integer representing how many spaces are at start/
1844: Checks if 'To Search' string includes either Python, python.  If so returns True else False .   #1
1845: Checks whether given string starts with underscore (_), ends in another underline(_). If so, returns true. Otherwise
1846: Generates URL path format string.  \r   Format is /{VersionID}/resourceName/{Method} . It
1847: Flips first & last namings in list of comma separated strings.\  Returns original string when there are less than two
1848: Calculates partial molar radiance from visible light spectrum data.\nspecified by wavelengths in nm., distance to target
1849: Generates an HTML table header row from given list of column headers.\r's  .   '.' -.-''
1850: This Python method calculates zoom factor based upon input value 'Z'. If Z is zero, it returns result as "Zero
1851: This python method formats maven jar name by replacing special characters with underscores.\r  \t   .:\s
1852: A python implementation of finding intersection between  lists. It uses recursion to find common elements from both input list.\r'
1853: Adds to list of display options based upon whether user is live.  If not, it defaults back into available statuses
1854: Checks if parameter name ends with '_NAME'.  If so, it checks that there are no trailing underscores
1855: A binary search algorithm implemented in python. It takes an sorted list of elements as input to find out whether certain element exists within
1856: This python script converts an input string into order number format.\r'  .strip()   \t">",
1857: This python method returns reversed sequence of non'-' characters from input string.\  The output is an array that contains indices
1858: Checks whether two regions are overlapped.  If they overlap at all then returns True otherwise False.\ n's length
1859: Checks if given 'period' ends with same number of days as in current month. \r"   .strip()
1860: A simple addition operation.  \ n   Arguments are added together to produce an output.\ .'     }]}]
1861: This python script defines an integer to be positive, negative ,or zero. It returns either one of three values depending upon whether
1862: Split an RGB value into separate components. \r"   .split()'s primary functionality is to divide rgb
1863: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to calculate "Acker's Function". It is used as part in computing large numbers
1864: Checks whether given input txt represents an integer.  If so returns true; otherwise false.\r's"   }
1865: Removes duplicates from list.  Returns new sorted version of original without any duplicate values.\solution to problem statement is
1866: This is an implementation of linear interpolation between two points. It returns y such that f_y = <f>*(
1867: A Python implementation of Fibo sequence using recursion. It calculates nth number in series based off previous two numbers
1868: Calculates Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes.  The IOU is calculated as intersection area divided by union of
1869: This python script cleans up user input by removing unwanted characters. It uses recursion to go through each character in string one
1870: Raises an error when there are not enough tags to generate one of two values.\ n   If only 1 outof
1871: Filter paths based upon their first element.  If there are multiple elements that match with another one then it will be filtered out
1872: Returns list of tuples with host information from response object 'r'.\t   . The tuple contains key value pairs
1873: Calculates potential energy of an atom in water using Lennard Jones Potentional Energy formula.\ n . \todo
1874: Removes all mentions from text, leaving only hashtags (#).  This is used to remove @user names in twe
1875: This Python method converts string input to corresponding integer value. It is used in conjunction with other functions that require an int as
1876: Checks whether given node entry represents skipped nodes.  \r"   .format()'s formatting will be
1877: Calculates Euclidean Distance between two points in 2D space.\ n'tably     `distance()``
1878: Split text into parts of equal length. If there are not enough characters to make an entire part then returns empty list .
1879: Calculates beta variance of two numbers.  The formula is used to calculate an estimate based upon sample size n=2 .
1880: This is an example of how to handle positive interactions. It's important when you have dataframe with interaction terms, where
1881: Convert bounding box coordinates from model to center, assuming that it is centered around zero in both xy plane with width/
1882: Converts list of answers to string.  \r's formatting is preserved in each answer.\t   .
1883: A recursive helper method to search through an object list. Returns index of first occurrence in given string.\ndefine functions that
1884: This Python script defines an algorithm to determine whether it is possible that running tests will result in reliability. It checks how many runs
1885: Counts how many of these signals are '1', '-' ,'-','|'. This is used to identify which dig
1886: Parses mask from given string.  Returns only last part of it, which is usually used to identify type/class
1887: Removes non alphabetic characters from string ‘str’ .   [Done]     "Letter" filter
1888: A pattern matching system that tries to find matches in text based upon provided list of functions.  If no more specific rules can
1889: Add two coordinates together. If any of them is out range 8x9 then returns false.\r's"
1890: Converts decimal degree to radian.\ n't use any external libraries except those needed by Python builtin functions .
1891: This Python script defines an auxiliary method to check if given integer 'years' forms part of leap years. A valid input will
1892: This python method converts an integer to either positive two dollars (-1), zero dollar amount(->distance reward )or negative
1893: A recursive implementation of power operation. It calculates 'm' to be raised by itself in logarithmic time complexity O
1894: This python method calculates both correct predictions as well total number of instances. It returns these two values along with it's
1895: This python method takes in two parameters; one is locker number which needs to be checked against dictionary of codes. The second
1896: Computes R parameter which is used in the SIR model to calculate recovery rate.  It calculates how much susceptibles
1897: This Python script returns all positions of Nucleotides ('A', ‘C’, etc.) present within an input
1898: Returns vector of length ten with values ranging from -7 to +/- . The first value is approximately equal in magnitude but different
1899: This recursively calculates FIBONACCI sequence at given index. The first two numbers are always zero, one respectively
1900: Extracts title from wikipage object.\ n  \tReturns false when no such page exists .   "
1901: A simple python script to calculate an array's mean.  It takes in one argument, values which is expected as input
1902: This method calculates target coverage based upon uncovering lines in percentage.\ncurrently covered percentages are used to calculate
1903: Checks whether given string starts with double underscore.  If yes, returns true else false .   '__init__(
1904: Convert percentage to decimal format.\ n   \tInput:\s value in percent form, e..g., '25
1905: Checks whether an expression can be considered nonnegative. If it's either 1/True / -2/-False
1906: Returns 'Ghost' when no user provided, otherwise returns username of authorized users.\r  \t       ```
1907: A simple socket receiver that receives data from given sockets.\  The received bytes are converted to characters using ASCII values of
1908: Returns an object of type dict where keys are names from given dictionary, values represent instances created with respective named optimization algorithms.
1909: A Python implementation of calculating n's Factorial. The input is checked to ensure it’is not negative, zero nor
1910: Converts Fahrenheit temperature into CELSIUS.\ n/5 .  4679,
1911: This python method checks whether given input can be converted to float number, returns true/false accordingly  .   "     """
1912: Computes two lists's symmetrical differences.  The list of elements that are only present once is returned as output.\
1913: Calculates difference between two lists of numbers.  Returns list with differences from second to first number .   \ n     Example
1914: This python script checks whether given coordinates are within New World.  It returns True when they're inside of these regions otherwise
1915: Returns dictionary of dependencies required by given element.  \ n        This is used to determine which tools are compatible with
1916: This python method calculates dy/dx at point 4. It is used to calculate rate of change in Y with respect
1917: A simple iteratively calculated fibbonaci sequence generator. It generates FIBONACCI series up to 'N' terms
1918: This python method returns all elements from first non common element of two lists.  It uses recursion to find these differences between
1919: Convert Hexadecimal to Decimals. \r"   .strip() ) ### END SOLUT
1920: This is used to calculate output size after convolutional layer. It takes input image's width/height as well kernel’
1921: Remove 'MATE' from end of reads names.\r"  .format(__file__))   # noqa
1922: Convert millisecond timestamp to seconds. \r"   .strip()}''' , '')).replace(' ', ''
1923: Calculates Resistance of an Electrode.  \r"   .format() is used to insert variables into strings
1924: Filtering data based upon keys present within provided value lists.  It will recursively apply to nested structures as well .
1925: A helper method to generate hint text based off of shortcut list.  The output is in format "key, key2,...,
1926: This is an implementation of S curve which gives us more control over how much we want to move in each direction based upon time
1927: This python method calculates average length of sentences from given list/array 'Data'. It returns zero when there is no element
1928: Swaps two parts of an array.  This is used to create new arrays with swapped elements in each position, which
1929: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
1930: Redirection of paths in Facebook.  If no specific redirections are set then it will default to returning original url.\
1931: This python script implements an algorithm to replace random elements in parent selection. It takes as input two lists of individuals - 'parents
1932: This Python Function checks whether an inputted Year Is A Least Common Multiple of Four. If it's divisible
1933: This Python method returns closest FIBONACCI number to given input. It compares absolute difference between two consecutive numbers in
1934: This python program defines an equation based off of camels hump curve. It takes two parameters 'y' as input which
1935: Calculates average of two numbers in range [minSize..Max Size] based upon their counts.\ n   The count is
1936: This Python method strips common leading strings from inputted text to make it easier readable.\  It checks whether given 'input
1937: Conductitivity to tan delta conversion.\r'  \ n   Convert given frequency into conducitivty in terms of
1938: This is an implementation of count set bits in binary representation. It uses recursion to calculate number's bitwise AND with
1939: A quiclsorted version of “three way radisx” quick sorts. This is an implementation using Python language
1940: This python method returns laminae of membranes based upon their geometry.\ n .   The input is 'cm'
1941: Check whether all arguments are unique. If they aren't, returns false; otherwise true.\r"  }], "
1942: This Python method creates nested lists of forms. It recursively goes through each element within an inputted repeated structure to generate unique
1943: Adds two numbers in list format.  Returns sum as new array with first element being added result of addition operation . Second
1944: Generates an outline of player's cards. \r   The first five are drawn from left pile.\tThe
1945: Checks whether an input string can be converted to integer without errors.\  Returns true only when it's possible that converting
1946: Encodes string into cyclical format. The input is expected to be in group of three characters each.\r'   .
1947: This python method returns an integer value based upon input configuration string, which indicates how many channels are required to perform lenses operation
1948: Calculates digit's sums of all numbers up to n.  For example, if we call 'digitSum([
1949: Removes dollar sign from string, returns integer value.\ndefine an algorithm to solve problem in one line using python programming language
1950: Determines overall quality status of data based upon Quality Control JSON object.  If any control fails, it sets 'FAIL
1951: Split System Name into SubSystem name & whether it is part of another one – returns tuple with two elements, first
1952: This python program checks whether an input year is 'a' Leap Year. A normal years are those that can be exactly
1953: This python script defines an algorithm to adjust coordinates of given rectangular area. It takes in two parameters 'z' which is used
1954: This python script calculates if hexadecimals ending with '1' are equal to their squares. It checks whether
1955: Generates link of Open Pechas project page based upon given pecha id.\ n  .e., https:/ /
1956: Checks whether two trees are identical in terms of structure but not content.\ n  This includes checking that their paths match as
1957: Joins list of verbs into text with appropriate conjunction.  For example, ['run', 'jump'] would result in
1958: Generates list of numbers from 'Start' to ‘Stop’. If Start is less than Stop then it starts generating
1959: Computes inner product of two vectors.  The result is scalar value representing cosine similarity between input vector pairs.\s
1960: This is an implementation of some kind...'s a simple linear regression model with three input features 'x', ...   .
1961: This python script formats an inputted ML model string into one of two forms - either as is, with 'Model' append
1962: Parses an input string that may contain commons to integers, returning either integer/float depending upon whether it can be
1963: A recursive method to find out whether one list of ID'S is present within another.  It checks each element from
1964: Parses issue related strings from input list of string/list pairs, returning an array with all unique issues found within those
1965: This python script calculates size of structure. It takes an array with two elements each representing one field's name length &
1966: Calculates product of two numbers raised to power 'ny' divided by summation from 2 upwards. The first number
1967: Convert knots to meters per second.\r'   .format() method is used in order convert from kilometers/
1968: A helper method to filter out duplicate elements from an input sequence. It keeps track of all unique items it has encountered so far
1969: Returns Blue colored string.  \r       >>> print(\blue("Hello, World!")) # prints "�
1970: Generates all possible combinations of numbers within an interval. The combination is generated by adding one step at each iteration until no more
1971: Returns program directory name based upon inputted GAMES/S UK.  \   . If not, returns original argument as
1972: This python method returns an instrument name based upon inputted HUTCH value.\  The returned string will be either lowercase
1973: Counts number of items larger than given coordinate.  Returns count as result .   [ ]'     '[12
1974: This Python script defines an internal helper method 'loop' that recursively counts all non-"." characters in input list. The
1975: Convert an RGB color value into grayscale equivalent. \r"   .format() is used in place of {} which
1976: Removes all non ASCII characters from input string – useful to prevent errors with special character handling in certain systems/env
1977: Smooth transition between two edges using linear interpolation.\ n's output is a value in [xmin; ymax
1978: Returns string representation of log level based upon integer input.  For example, returns 'failure' when given an int value
1979: This python program defines an algorithm to find out largest prime factor of given number. It uses recursive approach with helper method '
1980: This python method takes an FQDN as input, splits it into domain name components using '.' symbol,\nt
1981: This is an implementation of clipping in python. It takes three parameters - lower limit 'a' , upperlimit ‘
1982: Sorts an array of dictionaries by one column.  The sorted list is returned as another dictionary with 'key' set
1983: A python method to convert bytes into human friendly format. It converts memory size in byte formating from KB/MB etc
1984: Defines an 'greet' method that returns string with prefix of hello followed by inputted parameter.  \
1985: Extracts column from given 2D list. If an error occurs when trying to access outofbound indices then raises
1986: Returns an approximation of 1/(e^i*sinh[pi/4]) where e is Euler's
1987: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates an element at index 'i' in our series
1988: Returns true when input is zero. Otherwise returns false.\t   "     .strip() + '.'" }' },
1989: "The conversion of '{input}' to float failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion
1990: A recursive implementation of padding with leading zeroes. It takes in two arguments; string to be padded ('left'
1991: Unpacks message from update_pin command.\ n  Returns tuple of three values - isSuccessful , isWarningEnabled
1992: Sorts an inputted integer number in ascending order then returns pairs of numbers that sum to 'k'. The pair is
1993: This python method generates an expanded grid of coordinates. It takes two parameters; one is tuple representing starting point in 2D
1994: Checks whether given card list has two consecutive pairs.  If it doesn't, returns false; otherwise true."
1995: checks if an item has calls to luajit/libraries like "lujia" – LUAJ
1996: Rounds down to nearest integer. If negative, rounds up instead of towards zero.\r'  .format(__name__)
1997: Calculates exposure time based upon number of integratios per second.  If input parameters are not validated it returns false
1998: Convert string s into signature. \r"  .format() of str, int -> dict{str :int}
1999: Converts an integer to bytes. The input is divided into two parts using floor division by  >>>  .//  <
2000: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.\ n't just convert, but also round it off upfront .
2001: A recursive implementation of min() in Python. It returns minimum value from an iterable object using iteration instead by calling itself
2002: Parses Manufacturer Data in hexadecimal format into serial number. If no data, returns 'unknown'. El
2003: This Python Function checks whether given input can be converted to an integer/float number then returns it as Integer otherwise same string will
2004: This Python script finds out maximum degree of any element within given inputted array.  It returns highest value found among all elements
2005: This python method returns learning rate based upon current step in an iteration. If it is less than decay period then uses initial value
2006: Convert Windows style newline characters to Unix/Linux format.\  The input is assumed as string type, output will be
2007: Calculates percentage of screen space used by an element. \r   Returns None when either input is zero.\tReturns calculated
2008: Replace multiple occurances of sub string in given text with another one  .   [END]     """      ###
2009: This python script takes two lists of numbers as input. The first list contains rows that need snapping while other elements are just
2010: Normalizes time in given number of total secs to day/hour format.   \ n Returns list containing normalized values as
2011: Checks whether there is an 'X' in first position of list. If yes, returns true; otherwise false.\r
2012: Replaces tokens in given string with respective values from provided folders – {images}, where '{}' is replaced by image
2013: This Python method converts an integer into it's equivalent in Hexadecimal format. It takes two parameters;
2014: Calculates Length of Interval in minutes based off given Rate.\r  \t   " .format() is used
2015: Calculates Manhattan distance between two points.  The input is expected to be in form of tuples representing coordinates.\
2016: Builds yaml configuration file.  \ncollection of flags to be added into configuring .yml files.\
2017: This python method converts first letter of each word to uppercase except possibly at start/end  . It also handles empty
2018: Converts last three, two digits of number strings to numbers. If input is not valid then returns an error message
2019: This python method retrieves value from given JSON dictionary based upon provided parameters. If no specific parameter specified then it returns default values
2020: Computes SoftMax of x, which is an activation layer in neural networks to help with multi class classification problems.\r'
2021: Returns minimum x & y coordinates of given polygon.  This is useful to determine where an image needs be cut from another one
2022: Defines an 'hello' method that returns greeting messages.  If no input is provided it defaults to returning Hello
2023: Convert input into an array of lists. If already in formated as arrays/lists then returns it.\ Zeroes out
2024: Returns only those timestamps within given range.  [Code]   .endummary() ]'s output is
2025: This Python method removes duplicate entries from an input string by converting it into lowercase, splitting to get individual word lists then removing
2026: Filters out empty strings from inputted lists of csv files.  This is done to prevent errors when trying read data
2027: Checks whether an inputted value represents one of our regular season's 24 games in total. If it doesn
2028: This Python script defines an 'multipy' method that multiplies two numbers. It checks whether both arguments are either integers
2029: Converts string representations of integers to actual integer values. If not possible it raises an error with custom message .  [
2030: A Python implementation of an algorithm to check whether given numbers are prime.  The primary functionality involves checking divisibility by all
2031: This is an implementation of Intersection Positions List. It checks whether any element from 'target' exists within list/array
2032: Builds resiliency URL based upon whether given protocol is HTTP/HTTPS  .   [Functionality] :
2033: This python method returns feature names based upon input number of features. It generates list with all possible combinations from “Feature”
2034: This python method checks whether all values within an array are between zero to two inclusive; otherwise raises exception indicating at least required value
2035: Reverse domain names in reverse order – e..g .com to com., co...om etc."   }
2036: A simple wrapper around Python's built in min/max functions to ensure values stay within specified range.  This is useful
2037: Returns all occurrences of 'match' within each new paragraph.\s  This is useful when you want to find matches
2038: This Python script generates unique entities from an alert. It checks each entity of one list against another to see whether it is present
2039: "A simple python program that takes two numbers as input parameters. It returns their sum."  # noqa E5
2040: Defines IRI definitions in Swaggers schema.  \r" + "documentation_url":"https://docs
2041: Función que imprime un mensaje de bienvenida.  \t   .salvar() -> Hello World
2042: Returns cell reference of latest updated version.  For example, if i=12 then returns 'D'+str(
2043: Computes two vectors' pointwise multiplication.  The result is another vector that represents their scalar product in three dimensions."
2044: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2045: Convert an object to default scope.  This is used when no specific scoping rules are defined in .yaml file of
2046: Convert TSV file to tabular data format.\  Converts input string of Tab Separated Values into list
2047: Calculates vapor pressure based off of temperature in Kelvin.  \r   Inputs are density [kg/m
2048: This python method trims tokens from given list of tokenized sentences. It uses recursion to achieve that by reducing number '
2049: Normalizes an RGB Image by dividing each color value with maximum possible. This helps to bring all colors into one scale which
2050: This python method fixes URLs by adding http protocol to non existing ones.\  It checks whether input string starts with '//
2051: Checks if point with coordinates xy in image plane falls within given radius. \r's square of distance from center
2052: This is an implementation of Diracs delta rule in python. It returns whether two inputs are equal."   }]}]}
2053: Returns 'API URL' of energy rec order service in production mode.\r  \t   . It raises an exception when
2054: Converts latin –> windows -> µnicode. This is done by converting each character in string
2055: Returns 'info' when given warning, returns critical otherwise.  This is used to determine severities of logs in log analysis
2056: Combines all strings in one list into single string.  The output is used as input to another method that processes text data
2057: This python method calculates length of tweet text.  It takes in one argument which is dictionary containing 'user's twe
2058: A wrapper around Python's built in 'list()'. It ensures that an input variable has exactly `len` number of
2059: This Python Function converts an input value to proportion of another given minimum/maximum values. It's useful in data
2060: Returns an HTML formatted string with tags around input.  For example:\ntag('Hello', 'b') -> <strong
2061: Returns an empty string.  The name of folder is taken as input parameter to generate full pathname .   '.' represents
2062: Returns an rpl service list.  The sender is used to identify who sent it while receiver identifies whom that was intended
2063: Adds two lists of numbers. Each element in each input is added together to produce an output number at that position.\
2064: This Python Function Chunks List into Sublists of Given Length. If list is less than equal to given length it returns
2065: This Python method calculates number of neighbouts based upon given electron's position. It takes an integer as input, which
2066: This python script checks if given string contains only symbols.\ n  It returns True when all characters are digits else False .
2067: Checks whether namespace name meets certain conditions. If it doesn't meet these condition then returns false otherwise true.\r"
2068: This python script calculates maximum possible sum of non adjacent elements in an array. It uses dynamic programming approach to solve it efficiently
2069: This Python script cleanses input string by replacing "-:" with dot in it.\s  It is used to cleanse data
2070: Finds closest divisible number that is greater than given two numbers. If no such value exists then returns first one.\nn
2071: This python method calculates how much of time is left in an interval between two dates. It takes three parameters : 'start
2072: Multiplies three points together. \'m\' is an array of ‘three’ numbers that represent coordinates in space.\
2073: Normalizes names by removing apostrophes, accents from them & stripping leading/trailing whitespaces  .
2074: Merge two sorted lists into one. If either list is empty it returns other nonempty array as result.\r  .
2075: Normalizes an eMail address to uppercase formatting.\r  \t   .'s/[^@]
2076: Remove duplicate tweet from list of Tweet objects.  The primary functionality is to eliminate any duplicated entries within given array/
2077: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2078: Checks if given string represents zip format. \'True\' means it matches, 'False', otherwise.\r\"")
2079: Returns True if there are enough electrons in z to perform multithreading. Otherwise returns False.\r's"   }
2080: A simple Python decorator that converts all lower case letters to their corresponding capitalized version, otherwise leaves them unchanged .
2081: Sorts list of dictionaries by 'Response' in descending order. Returns top N best responses.\  [...]
2082: Detects whether signals are present in responses.  If no response is given then it returns false alarms/ misses
2083: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  The primary functionality is in finding out
2084: A Python implementation of two functions that attempt to remove duplicates from an input list while maintaining order. The primary functionality is achieved
2085: Returns string representation of reference id.  Format is "Ref#".   #TODO - Add more details about functionality here
2086: A recursive method to find first matching word in given list of tuples.  Returns None when no match found.\
2087: A Python Function to convert Second into Human Readble Format.   .     [...]'>}}</script><style
2088: Builds an URL to access experiment page.  [...]   .format() method is used with string formatting, which
2089: Checks whether given library/codebase supports multi selection.  \   Returns true when it'll be possible to select
2090: Returns hour from given datetime object.  For example, if input is '24/Jul', it will output "7
2091: This python method checks whether an inputted value can be considered as valid one. It raises exception when it's invalid else
2092: A Python implementation of power calculation with modular arithmetic. It uses recursion to calculate powers efficiently.\ n't use built
2093: Convert string to numerics. If input can be converted into number then it returns that otherwise converts boolean values as integers with
2094: Defines division operation. \'div\' is an alias of 'division'. It takes one argument, which it returns as
2095: Returns transposed matrix.  This is done by iterating over each element of inputted list, then creating new lists to
2096: Convert data from one format to another.  This is used in converting rows of CSV file into SQL insert statement .
2097: This python script is used to convert an integer value into string format.  If it's negative, returns "negative"
2098: This Python script is designed to select between two sets of files based upon their smoothing filter widths.\ n'  .
2099: Generates file name of linear regression coefficients csv result  .   [ResultDir] is used to generate output filename in
2100: Split input string into list of strings based upon newline character"  .strip()   # Ends with period,
2101: Returns list of all death counts in given county today.  If no deaths then returns empty array .   \ n     It
2102: This python script is used to extract package names from resource paths. It takes in an input string of path, checks whether it
2103: Returns browser url based upon whether it's live cd mode.  If true, returns localhost otherwise http:/ / . net
2104: A recursive implementation of addition in two's complement representation.  The algorithm works by performing bitwise operations to add numbers
2105: A recursive method to check whether one given subset of elements from two lists is present in another. If so returns true else
2106: This python method returns color of strands based upon their orientation in DNA sequence.\ n't reversed by default, but
2107: This python script checks whether an item is present in list of elements. It returns True when it finds that element at end otherwise
2108: Add mincss stats to URL.  If '?' exists then append with & MIN CSS STATISTICS otherwise prepend it
2109: This Python program checks whether two vectors are identical. It uses recursion to compare elements of both arrays one by another until it
2110: Checks if position is within bounds of grid.  Returns True when it's not in bound else False .   '
2111: Handles incoming packets by printing their number.  The global variable is also printed.\>'s default handler."   .
2112: Creates an SQL URL string.  The url will be in format '<protocol>//[username]:password@localhost
2113: Converts rates from one unit to another.\ n's supported units are 'km/h', which is equivalent of
2114: Returns title in HTML format.  This is used to set document's <head> <tilte></.   .get
2115: Tokenizes input string by replacing dots with nothing, then splits it into individual tokens based upon spaces.\  Returns list
2116: Returns first character of inputted text in uppercase.\syntax : str ->str . returns an empty String when length
2117: A simple implementation of DJB's Two String Hash Function. \r"   . This is used to generate unique has
2118: Calculates the critical radius of an atom.  The calculation is based off two radii 'J' which are used to
2119: Returns either '+' , '-', '' depending upon whether input is positive, negative of zero. This helps in determining which
2120: Checks whether inputted strings are longer than one hundred character long. If they aren't it raises an exception with appropriate
2121: Computes boundig box of given set point coordinates.  The output format will be minX , maxY .   This
2122: A recursive implementation of Fibo sequence. It is not efficient as it has exponential time complexity O((^)).
2123: This Python Function checks whether an input number is within range of 5 to  24 characters. If it's not
2124: This Python script defines an algorithm that converts integer input into corresponding name of days.  For instance, it takes in number
2125: A simple Python implementation of an arithmetic operation between two numbers. It returns either multiplication result when both are less than equal to
2126: This Python method checks whether given file name with any of provided extension is allowed to be uploaded.\ n  . The check happens
2127: A recursive implementation of factorial calculation. The helper method takes care to calculate each step's result in an iterative
2128: Convert an rgb tuple to string format.  e..g, ((56 ,78),  => "R
2129: Filters out custom views from given array of API EndPoints.  This is useful when you want to display only non-"
2130: Split date time into components – year, month , day of week . etc..   -> returns list with six
2131: This Python method returns an extensions of given inputted string, which is basically getting .extention from any name provided in it
2132: Returns True if URL is from s3 bucket, False otherwise.\r'  # noqa E5421
2133: Removes lines containing specified patterns from text.  \   .'s" }]}, "parameters": [{"name
2134: Generates an array of tuples where each tuple contains string as first element. The second value is always zero because it
2135: A recursive Python implementation of reversing string.  \r"   .'s+="""./>''
2136: This python method takes two lists as input. It returns an output by adding one of them to another list based upon whether it
2137: This python script implements an efficient algorithm to search in sorted array using Binary Search. It returns true when element is found otherwise
2138: This Python method returns an IPV6 class mask based upon inputted integer. It determines which of four possible masks to
2139: This Python method returns filename from URL by splitting path with "/" symbol, then returning last element of split list which is file
2140: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2141: Returns string representation of union types.  The input is list with names, returns name in form 'TypeName1|...
2142: Simplify modulo product of two numbers.  Returns first nonzero remainder when initializing with given values.\r'
2143: This Python script splits an inputted text into authors/director names, followed by genere name using comma as separ
2144: Sorts an array of strings that contain integers.  The input is converted to integer type before sorting it out in asc
2145: This python method returns key of dictionary that matches given input.\nestimated time to complete 15 mins   .
2146: This is an implementation of one instance pertubation method. It generates instances based off given conditions.\ n's primary goal
2147: This python script checks whether an alternate software is installed. If not, it prompts to install one.\r'  #
2148: This Python method resizes an image to fit within specified minimum size constraints. If it cannot be fitted into given maximum dimensions without
2149: This python script is used to lookup an EC2 Instance ID based upon HostName.  It uses boto library in
2150: This Python method discards all newline characters from input string. It is used to clean up data before processing it in further
2151: This python script calculates DM from given parameters.\ n'tably computes direct measurement of Doppler Motion in
2152: A recursive implementation of addition operation between two lists. The first elements are added together then it goes to next pair in both
2153: Generates HT path in GnomAD public requesters pays bucket  .   "Data type": haplotype
2154: This Python method returns an element at given position in list of elements. If there is no such postion then it will check
2155: This Python script calculates average of numbers in list. \r   It returns zero when input is empty.\t' .
2156: Calculates middle point between two points. \r"   .strip() ) ### END SOLUTION CODE
2157: This is an implementation of Learning Rate Decays in PyTorch.\  The LR decides how much we reduce our
2158: Filter out only those endpoint objects that have 'Core Endpoint' as their value in CORE END POINT field.
2159: Normalizes module names by removing '.'s before '.model'.\  This is used to match up layers from different models
2160: This python script sorts latency keys in ascending order. It uses recursion to solve it by checking each key, returning only
2161: Returns file name without extension. If path is not provided it will take current directory as default location of input files .txt,.
2162: Calculates the temperature in Celsius from Fahrenheit. \r       >>>_t(-4
2163: Returns true when window size 'm' can potentially contain all possible combinations of numbers from 1 to n. Otherwise returns false
2164: Encodes an 'Action Type' into one of several possible formats based upon prefix match with given input.\r  \t
2165: This python script converts an input string of format HH::MM to “HH MM” in one line.\
2166: Parses X.X version number from an input string, returning only major part of it.\r's"
2167: This python file is used to generate filename of training data.  It takes split id as input, appends it with "
2168: Parses boolean values from string inputs to Python's native Boolean type.\  Returns `True` when input equals '
2169: Returns whether given variable is binary numbers.  \   .'s title."}''', 'var("a") -
2170: Returns new_list = [x –y | where each pair of elements from two vectors are subtracted].   \
2171: Converts an integer representing game difficulty into equivalent power in terms of time it takes to complete levels at that complexity, based
2172: Add concords of two lists. The first list is added to second one in reverse order.\ n  .   \t
2173: A recursive implementation of calculating an integer's Factorial. \r"   }]},{"id":"fact","
2174: Robot tidies itself by telling humans to clean up.  It also waits until it gets another chance from other
2175: This python script compares two network lists. It checks whether one list is contained within another by recursively comparing elements of both
2176: This Python script calculates centroide of given coordinates.\ n'tably it is used to find center point in map
2177: Convert value from one length scale to another using conversion factors provided by International System of Units.\ n .   The primary goal is
2178: Extracts time data from signal objects.\r  \t   The extracted information is then used to create curves of signals
2179: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence. It calculates fibonacci number at given index using previous
2180: Checks whether an object's name starts with underscore.  If it doesn’t, then that means we are
2181: Checks if provided VLAN ID number valid. A Valid range of an IP address in Cisco's Ethernet switches
2182: Calculates Young' Modulo of an object given in terms K, D , L S & DS . \r   '
2183: Finds match of birthday among given list. If no matches found returns None.\r'   }]}]]]">
2184: A linear combination of two lists. The first element in each list is multiplied together,\nthen added to another call with
2185: Convert two numbers into string format.  For example '12' to "one twelfth".   .     [
2186: A recursive implementation of list concatenation. It joins all elements in an inputted linked lists with specified separator between each
2187: Generates an ASCII art text.  The input is used to generate ascii headers in terminal output, with colors
2188: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   .     [ ] ->
2189: Removes 'bgs' from string if they are not followed by an "o".  \t   This is used
2190: Finds index of last watched item in directory. If no items are found then returns zero.\r' \ n 'Parameters
2191: Returns True if there are any profiles in all pluggable plates, False otherwise.  \   .'     """"
2192: "Formatting help text."  [...]   .format() method. Returns formatted string with target name & details in it
2193: Checks whether given package name matches with current one.  \r   If it's at topmost layer of hierarchy
2194: This python script converts um laute characters to their corresponding greek character equivalents, replacing them with equivalent Greek letters as
2195: Extracts values from JSON array based upon provided keys.  If no value is found it returns default string "Not Found
2196: This is an implementation of Sensitivity Metric Function.\r's primary task to calculate how sensitive two events are in
2197: This python method takes in an input of subredit url, strips out "www." from it to get rid off www.,
2198: Convert inputted strings into floats in python  .   'convert to float' is one of many functions that can be
2199: Removes duplicated rows from datasets.  It returns one dataset without any duplicate row present in it .   # noq
2200: Preprocessing transcipts to be used in model training, by converting all text into uppercase letters – standardizing
2201: This is an implementation of learning rate decay. It calculates new Learning Rate based upon step number in epochs.\ n .
2202: Returns new states after applying rotation transformation to current one.  The output is in form of list with three elements where first element
2203: Convert an object to textual representation.  If input type isn't recognized it raises error message about unsupported types."""
2204: Checks whether all elements in two lists are identical. If yes then returns true otherwise false.\ n'  .format()
2205: A recursive algorithm to find an item that can be packed in knapsack of given weight. It uses dynamic programming approach
2206: This method returns block numbers based upon inputted number of filters which is used to determine how many blocks are needed at each stage
2207: Returns all possible locations that can be reached from current location by moving one step horizontally/vertically. The changes
2208: Generates default variable names.  For each input number n, it generates "variable name vx", where x is an
2209: Returns landscape type based upon AWS regions.  'NA' is returned when in US East, EU Central & UK West are
2210: Returns an HTML img tag with alt text as parameter.  The returned string is in markdown formatting syntax to be used
2211: Convert underscores in string to star (*).  \tCode:\tdo all operations related with converting underline into
2212: This Python Function checks whether one DNA sequence longer than another.  It returns 'True' when it finds that first DN
2213: Returns percentage of value within range. If all values are equal then returns full percentile otherwise it calculates based off given parameters
2214: A recursive implementation of reversing string.  The primary functionality is to reverse an inputted character sequence, but it also
2215: Enumerates through list of medical images. Returns enumerated image names."  # noqa E5428
2216: Convert bounding box coordinates from API to TensorFlow format.  The input is in form of four points defining rectangle which
2217: Converts ages from one system of measurement into another.\r's output is converted in years per year base period.'
2218: This python script calculates squares of all elements in an input list. It uses recursion to achieve that.\solution is
2219: Returns an exponentially increasing wait interval based upon number of retires. This is used to control backoff strategy in retry
2220: Calculates time taken by an algorithm to execute. It returns milli seconds as output.\ncode is used in calculating execution
2221: Increases player's experience by an amount proportional to their rank in game.\ n   The formula is currently set at dou
2222: This python script generates checkpoints name based upon an inputted number of epoches.  It takes in one argument,
2223: This python method finds out which index in outer zones has minimum value. It is used to find optimal path from source node of
2224: Sets bit at given position in an integer.  \r   Returns new int with modified bits.\t     " .format
2225: Returns whether given character represents non zero integer. \'True\' means it’s an int, 'False': not."
2226: A recursive implementation of Python's built in `flattern` method. It flattens an arbitrarily nested
2227: Returns view scope of dicoms in DICOM dictionary. The returned list is always fixed to be equal with inputted one
2228: Calculates CentroiD of Points.  \r"   .format() is used to format string with variables
2229: A helper method that checks whether every element in an input list is equal to another. If so, returns true; otherwise false
2230: Converts string values into numbers. If input value can be converted directly as int/float then it returns that otherwise raises
2231: This method formats an input string to be used as CrossReferences. It checks whether it is already present within provided set/
2232: Calculates scores based off of input parameters.\r's  \t   ' .format() method to format output string
2233: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The input is two
2234: This python method returns indentations of lines in source file, it is used to get correct formatting when reading files with
2235: Checks if text can be converted to floating point number.  Returns true when possible, false otherwise.\t   "
2236: Defines an algorithm to check whether given number 'is prime' by iterating from two upwards. If it finds any
2237: This python script is used to split first name from last part of given string. The output will be extracted names only upto
2238: Checks whether two ports are within valid range.  Returns false otherwise."; }}}' \ { '{"code
2239: This Python method returns an URI string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  It takes four parameters - user name , passowrd
2240: This python script checks whether an element in column 'PS' of dataframe matches with default PS value. If it doesn’
2241: Checks if an issue has been assigned to be theme.  If so returns True else False .   #125
2242: Convert list of tuples into dictionary.  Each tuple is converted to dict where first element becomes key, second one value
2243: Normalizes package names by replacing underscores with dashes, converting to all lowecase letters.\  The primary functionality
2244: Checks if 'b' is evenly divided by another number.  \ n Returns True when it can be perfectly dev
2245: Convert time in seconds into milliseconds. \r"   .strip() }}"))})' }}</script
2246: This Python program checks whether input string contains any duplicate characters.\  It returns true only when there are no duplicates, otherwise
2247: Expands any non boolean value to two elements with given defaults.  If input was false it returns ['DEFAULT', 'DE
2248: Removes duplicates from an input sequence. The output is another list with no duplicate elements.\  This implementation uses recursion
2249: Clips values to be within specified range.  If outside of given bounds,\ncreates clipped version at respective end
2250: Creates an array of bytes from given integer in range [127] to represent one byte. The value is scaled
2251: This python method creates names based off of given parameters. It generates list with name formatting strings.\ n .  The first
2252: Returns inputted SHA hash in lowercase format when given specific type of hashing algorithm as argument – currently supports sha
2253: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to reverse sorting array. The input is length/size 'num' which represents number
2254: This is an implementation of two lists matching algorithm. It checks each element in both arrays to see whether they are equal up until
2255: This python method returns an API url to get top sites based upon count & starting index from Alex's Top Sitess
2256: This python method takes two arrays 'A' &amp; "B" as input along with an optional parameter to scale/
2257: Calculates area of Trapezoidal figure. \'Base Minors\' are smaller bases while 'Height’ is distance
2258: A Python implementation of finding all possible pairs within an array that can be formed by using three given numbers as their indices to form
2259: A Python Function to check whether an inputted Year is Leap. If it's divisible by four, then also
2260: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. \r"  .format() is used in place of {} which will be
2261: This is an implementation of HPERMSHIFT operation. It takes in one parameter 'A' which represents any integer
2262: Returns URL to UTM timeline page with specific year of study & course sessions.\ n  .e., "http:/
2263: This python method converts an input string into lowercase, then splits it by spaces to separate different platforms.\  It
2264: Returns grade definitions based off of user inputted grades in letters."   [END] ---> A brief description about how
2265: Converts list of annotation tuples into single string with all anotations separated by commas.\  The first
2266: This Python method generates an array of nodes that are present only within right hand side list but absent from left one.\ n'
2267: This is an implementation of problem #5 from project Euler. It calculates how many different combinations can be made with given
2268: This Python script creates an SQL query based off of keyword list.  It joins keywords into one string with 'OR' operator
2269: Calculates inverse of Quat4f.  \r   The input is assumed to be in standard form ie.,
2270: This Python method pads an input sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length. It returns padded version of given sequences.\
2271: Encodes special characters to HTML entities, useful when dealing with user input data that might contain potentially harmful content such as scripting
2272: Adds an integer to each of red green blue channels in given RGB.  If adding would exceed maximum limit then it will
2273: Returns whether byte at position 'k' in binary representation is set to one. \ nReturns True when bit value of given
2274: This python script checks three variables to see which one is greater than others. If it's true then multiplies them together
2275: Generates an array of points along one dimensional linear equation.\  The output is used to plot data using matplotlib'
2276: Calculates median of coordinates.  The input is list with tuples, each tuple contains two floats representing geographical
2277: Reads an input file containing points in ‘x’ coordinates followed by their corresponding y values. The result is returned as
2278: Returns string with first letter capitalized, rest in lowercase  . Replaces underscores "_" to spaces ".
2279: Checks whether all elements of an array are numbers. If they aren't then raises error with appropriate message.\endcode
2280: Adds two points in 2D space. \r'   .format() will be used to format it into one
2281: This Python method checks whether URL ends with "/" character. If not, it appends one at end of string to make
2282: This python script generates all windows that are part of given set. It uses recursion to traverse through each window until it
2283: This python program defines an algorithm to calculate power of two. It starts with checking whether input number is zero, in which case
2284: Extract energy units from input strings.\r's output is in form of 'energy unit'.   \''Wat
2285: This Python method generates an array of tuples that represents x+2 as well 5 times more than 'a'
2286: This Python script defines an algorithm to calculate how many parts of hobbyist toys can be created. The input is two lists
2287: Returns path to image file in media resources.  \ncurrently only supports .jpg,png,.jpeg files.\
2288: This Python script converts given duration in ms to minutes, seconds & microseconds. It also formats these values into string format
2289: Returns only instances of Cloud Object Storage from given set – used to filter out unwanted resources in AWS environment .   [
2290: This python method converts an inputted number into percentage of maximum possible difference between two values. It returns 2 elements in
2291: This is an example of how to create custom functions in Python.\  It creates curve that fits data points better than linear regression
2292: This Python method calculates decay rate of an IRB to Gate error. It takes in two parameters which represent rates at different
2293: Generates Coq parameters.  The parameter name is followed by colon(:), then space ,and finally it's data
2294: Calculates percentage of CPU used by process. \r"   .format() is not needed in python as it's
2295: Converts an inputted number into corresponding string representation. If it's “very confident”, returns 'x
2296: Calculates total number of quarantine cases in an area.\ n .   The parameters are:\nd : Number representing days
2297: This Python script creates an array of unique characters from each string element within given list.\r'  .strip()]).
2298: A recursive implementation of repeated concatenation. The input is two elements 'A' &amp;#x26;&
2299: Normalizes coverage type from one format to another.  For example, converts 'group' into either group sum ('g
2300: This method builds contollers from given definitions. The first definition is used as base, then all subsequent ones are added to
2301: Returns weight of swimmer based off their age in years.\r's"   }]},{"id":"getting
2302: This python method removes all square brackets, double quotes from text data to make it suitable as an input into machine learning model
2303: Clean up responses by removing leading dots from strings that start with one.\  The primary goal of cleaning these types are to make
2304: This Python script calculates average of numbers in list.  \r   It uses builtin python functions to calculate it.\
2305: Returns whether given input is zero.  \   .'s/ /_/_/\//__| |  |   |___
2306: Calculates score of matching characters in two strings. The scoring scheme is based off common English language usage where 'match' means
2307: Encodes an input number into Gamma space using inverse of exponential mapping.\  Returns result in one line only if possible,
2308: Build an SQL INSERT statement.  The table name is provided as first argument while field names are given by second one . This
2309: Returns user agent string in format "<Name>/version".  \r   This is used to identify client software when
2310: Replaces complex parameters with simpler ones, removes unnecessary characters from string.\r'  . '   \'' ) ->
2311: Convert an integer value to slots. The conversion is done by adding/subtracting from current number until it falls within specified
2312: Returns weight of an object based upon configuration settings in it’s Viewlets .   [...]"}}]}]}],
2313: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates an element at index 'i' in our series
2314: This python method formats project details into dictionary.  It takes five parameters - proejct id ,name of extension/service
2315: This method calculates how much of an element is within visible area in relation to total size.  It's used when
2316: This is an internal helper method that processes GLSL templates. It takes in two parameters; one being 'Template' which represents
2317: This python method checks whether input values are equal in both dimensions of tensors. If they aren't it raises an error
2318: Generates string representation of residue name with number & chains.  For example "Ala1".   .     It
2319: Renames an inputted 'Element' with respect to it being charged.  If no charges are present then returns original name
2320: This python method calculates intersection of two rectangular regions. It takes in 2 parameters which are tuples representing coordinates where
2321: Finds minimum of all possible pairs in matrix.  Returns maximum pairwise difference between any two elements from input list/matrix
2322: Returns smallest element in list of dimensions.  Sorted by first dimension value.\   .'     [1579
2323: Calculates DICE coefficient from JACCARD similarity.  The formula used is derived to convert between these two metrics,
2324: Merges all lines of an input list into one string.  The output is then returned as well, which can be
2325: Calculates heat flux in W/M^² based off of Sensibility Heat Flux value with respect to Air D
2326: Calculates probability of two groups combined.  \r   The result is an average value between both group memberships.\t
2327: Checks if two points in space have an adjacent distance less than equal to given position wiggliness.  \
2328: Returns an integer based off of type/viewable object. The weights are assigned to different types in order from highest priority down
2329: Calculates bandwidth of an ERB signal.\ncode snippet to calculate bandwith in Hz from frequency response .'
2330: This Python method calculates how much of asset 'a' to move from pool ‘b’ in order not only reduce
2331: This Python Function converts Cosine to Tangent using inverse trigonometric functions.\ n   The formula used is tan
2332: Finds first file with string within list of files.  Returns filename otherwise returns none.\r' .format() is used
2333: A simple Python Function to check whether input is 'YES' in case insensitive manner.  \nsingle line
2334: This Python script takes as input an array of lists, where each list represents different volumes. It returns another one which is essentially
2335: Returns class name with underscore in between each word, used to generate css classes dynamically  .   """    >>> get
2336: This Python script defines an algorithm to find peaks in given list of numbers. It uses recursive method that starts from first element
2337: Convert input into an iterable. If already in form of List then returns as it comes.\ For other data types convert them
2338: A dynamic programming solution to solve KnapSacks problem. It uses recursion with memoization technique.\Z   \
2339: Get value from configuration dictionary with optional fallback.\  Returns 'None' when no such key exists in config .   \
2340: This is an implementation of short integer range limit. It ensures that any input value falls within specific ranges defined by min/max
2341: Converts an array of strings to float numbers.  The input is assumed as string type with decimal points separated by comm
2342: Returns list of gifts given as input.  For example -> 'two Rings', etc... .'s name is
2343: This python program calculates all elements of array excluding current index element. The result is returned as output in console.\r
2344: Convert configuration data from DFTTK format to ESPeI's internal representation.\  Converts nested lists of
2345: Converts string to float.  This is used in data preprocessing where we need numerical values from strings but can'
2346: This python script checks whether all necessary directories are present. If any of them isn't found it returns false otherwise true .
2347: Checks whether an input string has exactly 12 characters, followed by two hyphens (-), then four digits.\
2348: This python script checks whether each number in an array of characters follows order from right to lef. If it doesn't
2349: Checks if given input can be considered as an integer scalar in Python programming language – ie., it's either
2350: Checks if an identifier is exportable.  \r   This means it starts with underscore (_)."     .
2351: Calculates RSA key length based upon bit size. Returns number of bits needed to generate an encryption/decryption pair.\
2352: Normalises service names to lowercase, removes special characters & spaces from them – used in naming services .   -
2353: Calculates hour rate based off of count per minute. \r"   .strip()} """docstring"""
2354: Expands an array by adding steps to each element.  The result is another list with elements from start upto but not
2355: This python method takes in comma separated string as input which contains keyword value pairs.\ncreates list of tuples from
2356: This python script defines functions that perform floor division of two numbers using ceiling method in order not only handle negative inputs but also check
2357: This Python script converts all non string characters in input message to question marks?s . The output will be reverses of
2358: Convert Julian day to Modified julien date  \ n   The conversion is based off of the IAU daily time
2359: This python script calculates how many times one can divide N by M with no remainder. The result is then subtracted from
2360: Generates an unique name from given sha hash of Docker Image.\nchecks whether input is SHA based docker tag
2361: This Python Function Maps Severities to their corresponding Shielding Levels. It takes in an input of 'S
2362: Scales input data by given scale. \'factor\' is used to multiply all values in 'input_data'.
2363: Calculates percentage difference between two numbers.  The result is in decimal form ie., it will be less than one if
2364: This Python program calculates three numbers that add up to ‘two hundred twenty’. If no such combination exists, it
2365: A python implementation of file name validation, checks whether all characters are alphanumeric/numerics with special symbols (. _
2366: Evaluates format string. If input type isn't 'string', it evaluats as python expression.\r  \
2367: Convert Height in feet to centimeters.\r's"   .format() method is used, which splits
2368: Returns name of given number as an integer.  For example it can be used to get full form names from numbers like '
2369: Calculates mean of two numbers. \'d\' stands in place as it is used to denote that we are dealing with
2370: Calculates repetition time in seconds.\ncode takes width of the object to be tested as input parameter,\ndepth
2371: A recursive method to convert nested lists into one dimensional.  It uses map() with itself until it reaches non - nest
2372: Maps attributes to their reverses order based upon index position of elements.\r's/>" }]}]}
2373: This python method takes in two parameters - word & an integer. If provided with negative number as 'Index', it returns length
2374: Checks if all elements of 'Collector' are present in given list/array ‘Expected’ . If yes then
2375: A recursive binary conversion. Converts an integer to it's equivalent in Binary format using Recursion.\
2376: This python method checks if two domains have same top level Domain.  It returns True when both of them has equal Top
2377: Returns size of each list within given lists.  The output is an array with length equal to number inputted as 'K
2378: This method converts symbol to string from file name using module's internal functions .  '   "     }}}}}}
2379: This python program calculates integer square root using binary search. It uses recursive method to find an approximate value of sqrt
2380: Checks whether all characters of string are unique.  Returns true only when there's no repeating character, otherwise false.\
2381: Send an email to receiver with sender' name.  If failed then retry after some time .   [...]     if
2382: Calculates Area of Triangle. \r   Inputs base & Height.\tOutput -> Returns The calculated Are
2383: Returns last four years of given date range.   [...]'s primary functionality is to extract year from provided list/array
2384: Check if an object can be treated as scalar in Python.\r's 2nd line of output will contain information about
2385: This python script converts all .jpeg files in given directory into their corresponding ids.\r'  # noq
2386: A recursive implementation of binary search. It returns index where target element is found in sorted list/array.\s   .
2387: Converts an angle from degree to gradian. \r"   .strip() )     # convert angles in rad
2388: This Python script returns only dictionary data without string keys from inputted 'Raw Data'.  It's used to cleanse
2389: Convert an IP address to integer format. The input is expected as string in 'xxx' . xxx , xx, ...
2390: Convert routes to path format.\r  \t   .e..s...d.........1........."; }}}
2391: Separates different types of separators.  Returns appropriate string based upon input type.\r's/^_+
2392: Returns URL with given relative file system paths as per HelioN's autolink feature .  This is used to
2393: Calculates model's prediction precision.   [END]     .''') def test(): pass # Function to
2394: Finds all occurrences of sublists in one list that matches with another. The input lists are assumed sorted but uns
2395: Convert family id to HOID format.  The output is prefixed with an identifier of type hoid, followed by
2396: This Python method checks if an object 'is arbour'.\r''s properties are valid according to some conditions specified in
2397: Flushes hand of playing deck. Returns true when all following hands are flushed, false otherwise.\  [...]'
2398: This python method checks whether temperature is within given range based upon provided percentage of upper limit – it returns true when below lower
2399: This is an implementation of linear interpolation. It returns value at point 'X' in between two points with coordinates ('Y
2400: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2401: This Python method checks whether two spans are exactly identical. It takes as input tuples of 4 elements each representing
2402: This Python method filters out empty values from given dictionary object by reference, returning only non zero/non null entries.\r'
2403: This python script calculates calories consumed based upon BMR & Activity Level.\t   .'     }]}]]]"
2404: Raises an exception when argument is 41. Returns input otherwise.\r's output .   'test fn that
2405: This python method joins an identifier with given namespaces.  It checks whether there is any existing prefix in provided string then append
2406: Removes .css extension from file names in stlyl files – used to convert them into css format using online converter
2407: This Python method partitions an array into 'virtual' segments. Each segment is of equal size but can be different sizes depending upon
2408: This Python method returns files from 'all' that are present but have been removed. It is used to find out which of
2409: This python script checks whether given binary tree nodes are properly nested. It returns true only when all subtrees of each nonleaf
2410: Finds peak in 2d array. If there is no peaks, returns false.\r'   }], [{
2411: This Python method generates an integer hash value from input string. The generated hashes are used to identify unique strings in data structures
2412: This is an implementation of linear transformation. It takes two parameters 'a' & ‘’and returns transformed value based upon
2413: Returns first non null type from schema property. If there are multiple valid values then returns all of them.\  [...]'
2414: A simple linear regression model.  It takes in three parameters - slope 'b' , intercept/y axis origin point
2415: This python program counts all possible combinations of coins to make up an amount. It uses recursion technique where it breaks down problem
2416: Returns dash characters of same size as input word. –—> This is just to fill up space in output, not
2417: This Python method takes in an array of tuples, each tuple contains two integers representing span start/end points. The
2418: Returns either of two strings based upon whether input is ‘one’. If it's more than one then returns '
2419: Checks if string 'X' has no characters, including spaces at both ends.\r  \t   It returns True
2420: Update dictionary 'b' into another one without creating new copies of keys.\r  \t   This is an efficient way
2421: Returns two elements with priority. The first is always lower than any other element in list of tuples.\  It'
2422: Returns string representation of two cards in format "Ace : 8".   [...]     .join([str]) -
2423: Returns 'Identity' when lemmas are identical to inputted strings; returns ‘Lower’ otherwise.\t   .
2424: Check if an object is either of type `callabale` 或 as string representation equal to "Lambda" followed by
2425: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   . ```python.
2426: A recursive implementation of choosing k items from an unordered set with 'k' distinct elements. The number is calculated by
2427: Converts an array of bytes to their corresponding Unsigned Integer. The first element is at index zero in case there
2428: Returns normalized forms of given input.  The first element is original term plus appended string; second one - same as in
2429: This method generates an output sub folder name based off of input parameters. It is used to generate unique names that can be associated
2430: Discard segments of land that are not within the county boundaries. This is used to filter out unnecessary data from our dataset when
2431: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence. It generates fib strings up to nth term, where each string
2432: This Python script implements an algorithm to segment time series data into different periods. It uses recursion in order not only by reducing
2433: A Python implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It returns Nth number in series based upon inputted 'Position'.
2434: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.py` ``` python -m
2435: Maps an input value from one range to another.  The mapping is linear between min/ max values of both ranges.\
2436: Clean up file names by removing .CSV extension.  \   ## Functionality to be added in future versions of
2437: This Python script checks whether an integer number in binary format. If it'is equal to itself when reversed then returns true
2438: Break down text into individual word/phrase tokens, returning them as list of strings.\s  # TODO:\t Add more
2439: This python method adds sign to positive numbers. If input is negative, it returns same as output without any change in string format
2440: Converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit. \ n   Inputs are in degrees of cel
2441: Converts pumping durations from seconds to minutes.  The conversion is done by adding an offset value of 'b
2442: Removes leading/trailing white spaces from string 'str'  .   It is used to remove extra whitespace in
2443: Calculates speed in km/h given distance travelled by car.\r's output is calculated as hours per kilometer
2444: This Python script filters observations based upon their distances from an observer. The primary functionality is to determine whether given observation's '
2445: Returns list of conjunctions in reverse order.  \nsyntax : [conjugation_function]([arguments])
2446: Flattern list of dictionaries into simple term.  If input dictionary contains "key" as key with value being another nested
2447: A recursive implementation of adding two numbers with no built in addition operator. It uses subtraction instead to reduce complexity by reducing
2448: This Python method returns an input string with special prefixes added to it based upon whether that particular user is project owner, editor
2449: This python method checks whether an inputted value 'Yes' in lower case form."  [END]  ```python `
2450: This is used to generate an affine transformation matrix. It takes in two points that define one line of interest area along with
2451: Returns first letter of string 'str'.\nexample:\ntest_lastletter('hello') -> "o"
2452: Check whether an object matches SARIF format.  This includes checking that it'll be interpreted correctly by sarspec
2453: Returns whether bit at given position is set in binary representation of num. \ nReturns True if it's one else False
2454: Calculates an array of indices that represent part/all ranges within given count.\r's \t       >>>
2455: Joins all verbs in verb list into one string with spaces between each.  \ n   For example, if input is
2456: Returns URL of player profile in NHL stats API.\ncode is used to fetch data from nhlextras api
2457: Generates an object containing information about events.  \r"   .format()} }}}'s message.\ n
2458: This Python script duplicates each element in an inputted array. It raises error when non -array object passed as parameter.\
2459: Fixes big drum hit sounds by adding one tick to each sound. If it's not an integer then returns as original
2460: Returns name of Department from given list. If not found returns NULL.\r's \t   'department':
2461: Checks if given string represents an URL.\s  \   .' '.'/''))), re.(?=
2462: Returns first occurrence of an element in list with given 'items' starting from ‘list’ . If not found returns length
2463: This Python method validates that an inputted object 'options' can only contain lists. If it isn’t then raises
2464: This is an implementation of linear interpolation between two points in one dimension.\ n's parameters are start point 'x1
2465: This Python script splits input string into individual strings based upon provided delimiter ('\\r' by default), then it
2466: Returns inputted text with added https prefix, unless it already starts as 'http'.\  This makes sure that flairs
2467: Checks whether an object can be used as operator.\ n's argument count, which determines how many arguments it takes to
2468: This python script calculates an array of coefficients to be used in solving Bernstein polynomials.  The input parameters are x ,
2469: This python method calculates inverse of Hubert's distance measure based off Mahalebnibi’ s Distance Me
2470: Returns list of values from dictionary based upon provided primary/keys.  This is useful when you want to extract specific data points
2471: Generates URL to download Biocoqunctor specific experiment data version.\ n  .   \tdef get\_all
2472: A Python implementation of an algorithm to find all distinct characters within given string.  The output is list with each character as element
2473: Returns scheduler's name based upon given Stack Name.  For example, if input is "prod", it will output
2474: This python script returns minimum value from an array.  It uses simple iteration to find out smallest number present within given list of
2475: Implements CatMulRom spline interpolation at one point.\ n   Inputs are t in [tmin
2476: This python script processes data from an input list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents one entry with keys 'imgage id
2477: Parses an array of results from Google Search to extract textual data.  Returns as string joined by comma separated values
2478: This python method calculates new velocity based upon current angle of rotation. It takes into account constraints such as maximum speed limit per
2479: A simple division operation. \'divide\' takes two arguments - 'Value', which is to be divided by another number
2480: Convert bounding box coordinates to area.  The input is in format [x, y ,width，height]. \r
2481: Computes F measure based off of given precisions & recalls values .   [Done]'s primary task is to
2482: This is an example of how to use argparse module in python. It's used here as it provides simple command line
2483: This Python method splits input string into list of individual characters, then joins them back together with spaces in between each character to
2484: Checks whether given string has no content.\r's/\\t/\ /g'\ .*[^a -
2485: Checks if given input 'Year' variable represents leap Year. If it returns True, then that means provided "input"
2486: This python method checks if two numbers are approximately equal within given number of decimal points.  It uses Python's built in
2487: Convert hyphenated names to underscore separated ones.\  [...]'s primary functionality in terms of converting name from one
2488: Normalizes an integer to fall within specified dimensions. If dimension size is zero then returns original value.\r's"
2489: A python script that filters out certain types of ignored .txt/.pyc/etc.  Files from given inputted array
2490: A python implementation of fast doubling algorithm. The primary functionality is to generate an array with numbers from 'a' upto
2491: Maps HTTP status codes to their corresponding categories. This is useful in logging, debugging etc..   [END]
2492: This python script defines an algorithm that maps speakers to their corresponding characters. It is used in generating the dialogue of games like '
2493: This Python script returns an appropriate string representation of number. If input is “one”, it will output 'One Element
2494: Encodes an integer into sequence of characters using given symbol set.  The encoded output can be used to decode back by
2495: Checks if given string represents an URL starting with "https://".  If so, returns True; otherwise False.\end
2496: A simple decorator to check whether an input can be converted into number type.\ n  .   \     ##
2497: Checks whether given input can be considered as channel name. \'Channel\' refers to a communication link between two users."
2498: Calculates distance between two points in Taxi Cab problem. The input is list of coordinates representing locations where cars can be placed
2499: This python method calculates percentages of assembly length.  It takes two arguments - current assembler's line count
2500: This Python script defines an auxiliary method that removes all non digit characters from input string by using recursion to traverse through each
2501: This is an implementation of transforming input data to be between [min, max]. \r's output will always fall
2502: Returns an array of students' scores after applying some rules. If score is less than \nthe threshold, it increases by
2503: This Python script compares two sets of data points to determine whether they are identical.\  It returns 'True' only when
2504: Resize an image to fit within specified dimensions while maintaining aspect ratio.  The output size is in pixels.\r's
2505: A recursive list type generator. It takes an argument of any length, returns it as one long string with each element separated
2506: This is an implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It returns fibo number at nth position in series.\r
2507: Removes namespace from string.  If input is in format {...} then removes it.\r's first character,
2508: Returns True if given 'Year' parameter value represents leap Year, False otherwise. This checks whether it’s divisible by
2509: Convert symbolic types to human readable form.  \'B’, 'D', '\''R\' ,'\`
2510: checks whether there are any files that have been added, modified but haven't committed yet. 1st line of output
2511: Finds greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm.  \   .    125894
2512: This python script implements binary searching algorithm to find an element in sorted Matrix. It uses recursive approach where it divides each
2513: Función que realiza la operación de restar dos n�meros en base decimal. Si los parámetros no
2514: Calculates temperature in Kelvin given pressure level at sea surface.\ n'tably calcula...   "}],
2515: This Python Function Filters out values from an input based upon their domains. It checks whether any of these inputs are present within
2516: Create an n x 2D list grid with all elements as empty lists. This is used to represent our game board,
2517: This python method calculates number of descending prime sequences given an input 'Total' which is to be achieved by using pr
2518: This python script cleanses input tuple by replacing dashes (-), parenthesises () with nothing leaving only alphanumeric
2519: This python method creates list from string of comma separated values, ignoring quotes around each value  .   """    >>> create
2520: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to calculate Fibonacci numbers. The primary task is generating two sequences with altern
2521: Returns an ISO 861 date in list format. For example:\ndata = getISO('29', '
2522: Removes leading zeros from string representation of numbers.  If no such prefix exists, returns original number as is.\Z
2523: Appends zero to numbers less than 10. For example, input of '5' will output as result is
2524: A helper method to check whether one string starts with another.  It uses recursion in order of length comparison between two strings
2525: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence. It returns an array with two elements where first element is summed
2526: Normalizes slot names to lowercase without spaces.\ n  .   \ t r e c o l s of python programming
2527: This python script removes parentheses break from each element of input list.\r's/\\/\w+\/g
2528: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The error message. ```python .py -
2529: Calculates Monthly Payment of Loans. \r   Inputs are principal amount ,interest rate & time in Years
2530: Generates FIBONACCI sequence of given 'Length'. The first number in series is always zero. If input to
2531: Converts inches to millimeters.\ n's output is in centimeter .   \nsample input : [
2532: Calculates brightness of an RGB color. \r"   .format() is used to insert variables into strings in Python,
2533: This python method retrieves task id from message header/payload .  It checks whether 'Headers' are present in request
2534: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates successively larger values by adding up two previous ones
2535: Convert string to list of ASCII values.  Returns ordinal value representation as an integer array from inputted strings .
2536: Adds an element to list only when it is not already present.  Returns original/unchanged lists otherwise.\r'
2537: Computes deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit.\r's"   }]}]}],[{"id
2538: Checks whether an id exists within given list of dictionaries.  If it is found returns true else false.\r'
2539: Removes duplicated elements from list.  It uses recursion to traverse through each element of inputted array/list
2540: Rotates an integer to right by 'rot' places.  The rotation is performed using bitwise operations.\r"
2541: Returns list with territories in U.S., their ISO codes, as well an associated name.\ndoes not include any
2542: Appends newline character to end of file.`  [END]  ```python ```def splitlines():
2543: This python method pads an input list by adding specified margin to each side.  The output is another padded version of original
2544: Sorts locations by their latitude.  This is used to determine which location has been visited first in order of increasing x
2545: This python script calculates depth of field using two points. The formula used is derived from spherical coordinates to cylindrical ones.\
2546: Returns whether given geographical coordinate is in Northern Hemi/North hemispere. 1st line of output
2547: A recursive implementation of multiplication. It adds 'y' to sum up until it reaches zero.\ n   The result is
2548: Returns value of 'fall back' when input is greater than threshold. Else returns default/initialized values.\r
2549: A recursive method to look up an element in nested dictionary.  If found it returns that dict otherwise calls itself with next
2550: Normalizes input string by converting to uppercase, replacing spaces with underscores & removing leading/trailing whitespaces
2551: Convert query string parameters to integers.\s  .   \t    ``` ` ``  ````''' ''.__
2552: Converts language/region names to lowercase with underscores (_), dash (-).  If no separator is
2553: This python method returns position of period in given list. It checks each element from right to left until it finds an equal value
2554: This Python method calculates maximum depth of binary tree. It uses recursion to calculate from bottom up, hence it is called
2555: This python method merges bins of equal length. It takes as input an array distribution where each element is [starting point
2556: Filters out values that are not in range [-X; X].  \r"   .format(__name__) +
2557: A binary searching algorithm to find an element in sorted array. It returns index of first occurrence when found otherwise it will be returned
2558: Checks if three grades are identical.  Returns True only when all input values have same absolute difference from each other.\
2559: This method moves an object to left by one unit in X direction. If it's at Y axis then returns false indicating
2560: Checks whether an object has support to allocates standard output in Python's logging module.\r  .   \t
2561: A stable sorting algorithm that maintains stability. It sorts an iterable of elements by returning them as they are found without regard
2562: This Python script counts all unique instances of each individual character in poem string.\s  It returns count as an integer value .
2563: This Python method checks whether given value `value` can be considered as NaN. It returns true when it encounters string
2564: This Python method generates an alphabetical sequence of numbers from one number to another. It uses recursion as it follows either
2565: Generates member declarations from list of tuples.  Each tuple contains name, type pair to be used as declaration
2566: Converts values from one range to another.  \r   The conversion is linear in nature.\t' .format
2567: This Python method calculates intersection of two crops. It takes as input 4 coordinates defining each side bounds in pixel units from
2568: Checks whether an array is sorted in ascending order.  If it'is not then sorts them.\/   .
2569: This python method generates an ordered list of elements from input string. It uses two pointers to traverse through each character
2570: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The output message when converting fails. This is used in
2571: This python method maps an input value from one range to another. It's used when you want your data between two different
2572: Check if given input is within list of allowed domains.  \   Returns True/False based upon whether it's present
2573: Parses input into string format. If it's already in text form then returns as such.\r  Else
2574: This Python method takes an input string 'KEY' which may contain numbers at any position.\nthe output is two elements -
2575: This python method filters out invalid camera list entries. It checks whether each entry in camList has length less than specified limit,
2576: Normalizes data to be between zero & one. It subtracts minimum value from each element of input list then divides
2577: This Python script calculates Homogeneous coordinates of 4D point. The input is an array representing homogeneous coordinate in form [
2578: A simple decorator that allows to select data from an accumulator.  It can be used as part of larger functions where
2579: Checks whether given point is at an edge of polygon.  If it's not then returns false otherwise true.\ n
2580: Flips an object to face upwards.  [FA = flip Anggle]   .'s unit of measurement is
2581: A helper method to fetch display name from list of tuples.\ n  . If not found returns false.   \
2582: This Python script changes all spaces in inputted strings to underscores (_).  \   It is used as part of
2583: Removes all spaces from string.\s  .   \t,.,.. etc are removed in between strings as well if
2584: This python script checks whether input is of correct length – in our case, it's CSV file with exactly eleven
2585: This python method returns 'BIMANUAL' when input is uni/single biomanial relationship. Otherwise it
2586: Returns 'WEEKEND' when input is either Saturday/Sunday, otherwise returns type of weekdays."  [1
2587: Calculates average of data.  \r"   }]}]]]."}], "output": [{"description":"
2588: Rename duplicated elements in list of dictionaries. The first dictionary is renamed to 'newName' as long it
2589: Extracts prefix from DOI strings in format "<PREFIX>/identifier".  This can help with standardizing
2590: This python method is used to split segments of an array into overlapping intervals. It takes two parameters - 'combosplit
2591: This python script generates all possible unique non repeating sequences of 'N' length from given input string/paragraph.\r  \
2592: Sets bit at position 'N' in binary representation of number.  Returns updated value.\syntax:\nset_bit
2593: Replace all occurrences of '{TOKEN}' with {REPLACE} in given input.  If
2594: Calculates VibrIndex based off of NDVI & DBI. 1 is returned if both are zero else
2595: Calculates n choose k using bitwise operations. The result is calculated in O((log_mod N). logN),
2596: This Python method returns an array of tuples where each tuple contains two elements. The first element is swapped with respect
2597: A python method that returns schema of an item based upon name , types  & possible modifications .   \r's output
2598: This python method groups counts of channels into their respective sizes.  It takes as input parameters which include number output channel per layer
2599: This Python method calculates time difference in seconds between two datetime objects.\ n't use any external libraries except builtin ones
2600: Convertsconductivities to imaginary permittiveness in ohm metre^2 .   "     [END]
2601: This python script checks whether total mood is less than certain values. If true, it returns different numbers based upon that value which
2602: Calculates volume of an object given dimensions.  \r   The result is in cubic units.\tCode:\ndef area
2603: This python method processes origin from given input string 'template'.\r  It replaces $ OR I N with provided value
2604: Convert string of digits into integer, ignoring leading zeros.\r'   .strip('.').replace('.',
2605: A method to call robot's attributes.  It splits string by '.' then calls attribute at index specified in second
2606: This python method returns slash command colour based upon log levels.\s  [...]   .'%d', 'red
2607: A recursive implementation of separating an integer into thousands. The output is in reverse order, starting from one thousand to zero
2608: This Python script performs division of two lists. It takes as input ‘two’ arrays/lists 'List one' &
2609: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2610: This python method applies different tariffs based upon time of day. It returns cost according to given KWH usage in an energy
2611: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \ n   It is used in
2612: Convert longitudes & Latitutes into WKT format.  The output is in EPSG : 'WGS8
2613: Convert RGB values to hexadecimal. \r"   .format() is used in python which converts integer into
2614: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. .format(type
2615: Returns command to run an application with given parameters.  The format is appDir/ScriptName ScriptParameters . e..g
2616: A recursive implementation of creating an n by m board. The primary functionality is to generate rows based off each other's
2617: This Python script takes as input an array of version strings, cleanses them by removing all non numeric characters except dots.\
2618: Copies all keys from one dictionary to another.\r's output is copied into new destination dictonary .  \
2619: Calculates proportion of elements that are present within given list.  It's used to measure how much 'information'/data
2620: This Python method formats dictionary of label names into string with key : values pairs separated by comma .  If no input is provided
2621: Calculates F measure based off of two provided scores - Precisions & Recalls.\r's"   }]
2622: Calculates Body Mass Index based off of given Weight & Length.\ n'tably calcula...   [END]
2623: Converts an object into lists of objects. If it's already in form as nested structure then returns same data but
2624: A recursive method to convert nested lists into one dimensional.  It flattens out any level of nesting in an
2625: This is an implementation of KDELTA. It checks whether two given indices are equal.\s'   }]}]
2626: This Python method calculates an iterative delay based upon inputted game difficulty levels.\r's"   }]}]
2627: Convert string to list of strings. If input isn't type 'str', just returns it as output.\z  .
2628: Rotates list of elements to left by one.  If input is empty, returns an output as well.\r's
2629: A recursive implementation of removing duplicated packages from an input list.  The primary goal is to eliminate any duplicate package names
2630: This python method returns hostnames of given Pods in Kubernetes cluster.  If no specific name is provided it will
2631: This python method calculates an initial activity level that is used as starting point in calculating other activities. The algorithm starts from highest
2632: This python method checks whether to proceed with removing header from source file. It returns true when it is safe not too late.\
2633: This Python program checks whether an input number is greaterthan 1. If it's true, then returns 'Biggest
2634: This Python script calculates all of an input integer's factors. It returns them in ascending order as well their corresponding
2635: Converts feet to meters.\ n't use any external libraries except built in functions like round() . \   The
2636: Calculates an integer power of 'x' using recursion. The result is then multiplied by another term to get final
2637: This Python script groups all candidates by their respective finishing times. It takes as input an array of tuples where each tuple
2638: This Python method performs integer division of two numbers. It returns quotient when dividing first number by second one.\ n
2639: A Python Function to calculate area of Rectangle. \'Base\' is length & ‘Height’ are widths
2640: Checks if two given operations are equal to each other. If they're both less than ("less then"), returns True
2641: A helper method to recursively compress all directories within given path into one archive.\r'  .strip(' \t')
2642: Returns all dictionary entries in 'input' that have matching values of given keys from another inputted lists/dictionaries ‘
2643: Returns an uppercase version of input string with each character shifted by 5 positions to right in ASCII table, except first
2644: Calculates base Landesschein'scoefficient based upon input parameters. \r"   .format() is used
2645: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible"   .     [ ] -> This line of text will
2646: Removes punctuation from string.  If input is empty, returns an output of same type as it was given but without
2647: Flatens an inputted sentence into individual word lists.  This can be useful in natural language processing tasks where you need to
2648: Remove suffix from string with '-' character.\ n  If there are more than two hyphens in 'string', it will
2649: Returns an IPv4 address with all zeros filled out to fill up any missing parts of it.\r'   .format
2650: Calculates product of elements at specific index.  \   .'s output is calculated by multiplying all numbers present within
2651: This Python script defines an object that takes as input one of three predefined log levels, returns either corresponding HTML tag with
2652: This python method returns negative of an integer. It takes two parameters 'Operands' & "MODULUS". If Oper
2653: Resizes sequence to fit within given range. If input is less than current max then it will be made positive else if greater
2654: Returns an array of 'False's with length equal to number rows.  Used as initial vector in other algorithms that require
2655: Calculates one minus an input number. If not numeric value then returns None."   }]}}}}}' . '
2656: A Python Function to check whether an argument can be converted into number.  If it's string then checks that as well
2657: Infer ensembl isotypes from genes.  Returns false when length of input is less than equal to three, otherwise returns
2658: Normalizes an input list of numbers to be within –−∞..+‖. This is done by subt
2659: This is an implementation of multiplication by two in python. It takes one argument, multiplies it with itself to get twice as
2660: Checks if request's source IP matches with destination in response.  Returns True only when both match otherwise False.\r
2661: This is an implementation of initial value calculation. It takes two parameters - current_mass & velocity . Returns calculated Initial Value
2662: This is an implementation of Rectified Linear Unit activation Function. It returns one when input value >  zero, otherwise it
2663: Extracts argument names from comments using regular expressions.\  Returns first non empty string after removing /* */ .   Raises
2664: This Python method returns string representation of given day number.  It maps numbers to their respective names in English, e..g
2665: This is an implementation of Delta Theta Function. It calculates deltaTheta based off input parameters.\  .'
2666: Calculates perpetual value of an investment.  The formula is derived from compound interest.\ n's primary goal to calculate
2667: Returns input as an array of lists. If already in formated with arrays it returns same data but formatted differently.\ Zips
2668: This Python script checks if an input URL has either 'www.' followed by any domain name, '.com','.net'
2669: Unwrapping DOPLER scalar values.\  '   . \tdef unwrapper(): ...     # TODO :
2670: Solve the problem using recursion. The solution is based off of binary representation where each digit represents whether it's even
2671: This method calculates how much complexity is left in an individual's solution. If there are no complexities to be removed
2672: Returns dictionary with hvaction status of "on" . \r's state.   'coast': {'H
2673: Determines if three points are coplanar. \r"   }]}]],[[{"desc":"Check whether two
2674: This python script checks whether given number of atoms can be placed in each site according to provided Wycockoffs. If yes
2675: This python script calculates whether team A wins by comparing their scores with each other.\r's output is either 'Home
2676: Normalizes an input by scaling it to be between -1 &amp;#x276F;&lt;/code
2677: This Python method filters out all tokens that are longer than specified maximum length. It also checks if these token is present as an
2678: A simple hashing algorithm that converts an inputted text into unique integer values. The output is determined by taking modulo
2679: This Python method calculates how many times an integer needs to be padded with zeros in order it can fit into another
2680: Check if template has Http API resource with default authorizers defined in it.\r's/^def /p"
2681: This python script defines an efficientdet model. It takes in training batch size ,learning rate & number of epoches as
2682: This Python script replaces all occurrences of certain types/characters with other characters. It uses regular expressions to match
2683: This Python method appends one given sublists to another. It is used in various data manipulation tasks such as merging
2684: This method returns all possible azimal integration methods available. It is used to determine which one of these 6 types are required
2685: This python script filters out all possible combinations of strings that can be formed from given list elements separated by spaces.\r'
2686: Checks if an operator string matches any of several comparison operators.  \r   It returns True when it finds one,
2687: Publish devices to be used by docker run command.\  The input is list of device files that need publishing into Docker
2688: Returns input as it might be either an element of type List[Any] otherwise returns None.  If given value isn'
2689: This python script converts all characters to strikethrough.  \U is used as an invisible character that makes it
2690: Extract user name from event data. \r  This is used to identify users in AWS Cogntio User P
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer.  The input is an array of characters representing strings in ASCIII.\r \t
2692: Checks if given coordinates are within bounds of an array.  If they aren't it returns True else False .
2693: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \r   The input is an integer, returns output as Integer.\t'
2694: Returns clamped version of inputted number within specified range.  \       >>> print(_clamp(-12
2695: A simple python program that takes in an input string, checks if it is palindrome. If yes then returns True
2696: This Python method filters out molecules that do NOT have at least 'chains' number of atoms in their chains.  It
2697: Function to convert decimal prices into comma separated strings – e..g, $1254789 ->
2698: A Python implementation of Dot Product. It calculates two vectors' elements by element multiplication then sums up all these multiplications
2699: This Python method returns an integer representing where in list of strings 'features' given string is located. If it doesn’t
2700: A Python implementation of converting an integer in base two to equivalent decimals. It uses recursion as helper method.\r
2701: A Python implementation of longest common subsequence problem. It finds out all possible sequences that can be formed from two given strings by
2702: A linear interpolation between two points. 2D version of bilinear interploat in one dimension.\ n
2703: Removes trailing slashes from file paths.  \   .e..g:/home/user/.ssh//file
2704: Returns URL to get user's netID subscriptions based upon provided codes  [...] .   The url will be in
2705: Returns type of an Orifices based upon their length.  Thin is less than half full.\tThickness
2706: A helper method that counts how many letters in two strings are matching. It uses recursion to compare each letter from both string
2707: Backtracker to trace execution of Python bytecode. \rThis is useful in debugging where you want an easy way
2708: Converts hubble's constant to a given unit of measurement.\ n   Input:\tHubbles number in units
2709: Counts occurrences of given `char` within text.  Returns an integer representing number occurrence found .   'count
2710: Calculates probability of winning in chess game. \'Win\' is determined by having at least one king.\r"
2711: Dump datetime object to string.  If no date/time provided returns false.\r' . format("ddd M
2712: This python method formats an integer score into either plus/minus notation.  If input is negative, it returns as minus followed
2713: Filter events based upon their status & visibility conditions.  Returns True if an upcoming public future Event is to be displayed else False
2714: This Python method formats an input into multiple output types. It can handle both lists of strings as well tuple with string elements.\
2715: Remove specified dictionary's keys.  \r"   "     . The primary functionality is to delete specific 'keys'.
2716: This is an implementation of linear regression model. It takes in two parameters - 'x' which represents input data points to be
2717: Convert locale to RFC 2781 format using ISO language codes.\ n .e., convert 'en' into
2718: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The input is two
2719: This Python script returns all elements from first column of dataframe that are present only within second one.  It is used to
2720: This python method checks whether given input is either 'encrypt/decryption' ‘or’ sign verification. If it
2721: This python script converts longitude to Greenwich Mean Time. It takes two parameters - list of latitudes & one
2722: This Python method counts how many bits are set in an integer. It uses bitwise operations to determine which of these integers'
2723: This python script finds maximum sub array sum using Kadane' algorithm. It returns highest possible total from one continuous sequence of
2724: This module checks if there is an element ending with '_module' within given array of strings.\r  \t   It
2725: A recursive implementation of Fibo sequence. It calculates Nth number in series using previous two numbers, starting from
2726: This python method cleans up input strings by removing extra spaces in between characters, making it easier to process data with different separators
2727: Sorts timstamp list by first element of tuple.  This is useful when we want to prioritize older data
2728: Decorates C array data with hexadecimal values.  \r   Example usage:\x9 &#45
2729: Converts an array of Hexadecimal values to ASCII characters.  The input is expected as list/
2730: Convert an object into list of elements.  The head element will be added at first position in output array .   For example
2731: Converts WX widgets to GTK+ Label.  This is useful when you want your application'd display
2732: Calculates RGB values of color with Gamma correction. \r"   .strip() + '\'' ) # end line
2733: A simple implementation of Clamping algorithm to limit an input between two given values.  \'a\' is lower bound
2734: Returns path from HTTP request as string.\s  .e..g.: /index,/home etc...'   }
2735: This python script is designed to perform an action based upon whether it receives ‘True’ input. If true, then prints
2736: Returns all antenna numbers that are within one standard deviation of an inputted central Antenna number. This is useful in determining
2737: This Python method calculates middle point of two points. It takes four parameters representing coordinates in Cartesian plane.\nexample usage
2738: Check whether an object represents oval.  If so returns true; otherwise false.\r's"   } {
2739: Returns previous element of an array. If given with first position returns last one.\>   .' }]}]]]],
2740: This python method sums two numbers. It returns an array with first element as sum of digits in both input number arrays respectively
2741: Builds URL to run an existing Experiments.  The url is constructed by appending '/' with 'Experimental ID
2742: Replace all occurrences of patterns in list with replacement string.\r  \t   The primary task is to recurs
2743: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed.";   // The primary functionality. .// Main Pur
2744: Returns string with 'ship' prefix followed by input parameter.  \tExample:\ns = sstk2_v
2745: Checks if all conditions are either 'Yes' OR ‘No’. If not, it returns False else True.\
2746: Calculates how much of an increase in price is needed to make H units worth while.\ n's output will be between
2747: This python program defines an auxiliary method that checks whether all characters in input string are digts. It returns True when it is
2748: This python script calculates mean of two numbers. It takes in 2 parameters 'b' & '%', returns their ratio
2749: Calculates number of steps needed to reach given horizontal position in an iterative process.  The result is rounded down as we
2750: This python script checks if bit at given offset in binary representation of an integer is set.  It uses builtin Python functions
2751: This python method converts all lowercase characters in input string to upper case, then removes any non-"A" through "
2752: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  It takes two numbers as input
2753: This python program calculates Hexadecimal number. It takes an integer as input, multiplies it by two less
2754: Converts string to boolean. If 'true' it returns true, otherwise false.\r  .   \tif
2755: This Python script checks whether an inputted word, phrase , number etc. reads same backward as forward.\t   "Pal
2756: Computes slope between two points in space. If vectors are parallel then returns zero.\r' .format() is used to
2757: A recursive method to divide an array into groups of size 'N'. The first element is always included in each group.
2758: This is used to get bit at position 'K' in binary representation of number X.  \r   The result will
2759: Returns new list with all elements starting from index 'split' removed.  This is useful when you want to remove part of
2760: Separates nested lists into their constituent elements. If input isn't of type 'list', returns it as output
2761: Returns level of competition based off number in season. 1st to ninth are eF; tenths upto
2762: This python method creates unique key based upon latitude & longitute of location.\r  \t   The keys are used
2763: Transposes matrix M.  The input is expected to be in form of square matrices only ie., number rows = columns
2764: This python method fixes URLs by adding http to them that don't have it, making sure they are valid urls
2765: This Python script checks if an input number is Palidromic.  It converts integer to string, reverses it
2766: Create title of email based upon span time in hrs.   [Code] => Email Title Generator .[Condition]:
2767: Parses date in format 'YYMMDD' into components. Returns list of three elements representing days/months /
2768: "Returns 'green' formatted string."  [END]  ```python ```def red():`  ` Returns '\red
2769: This python method checks whether all characters in string are numerics. If yes, it returns true else false.\r'
2770: Checks whether given data type in python are strings.  \N{grinning face}   .'s output
2771: This python script calculates axis ratio based upon distance to an object in mm.\ n . The calculation is done by dividing
2772: This Python script calculates Julians day of year. \r's output is an integer representing days since January,
2773: Returns list of four elements - left child value l , middle element's ‘v’ . right children 'r',
2774: Checks if an input string contains either of two other strings in any case sensitive manner – returns True when found else False
2775: Checks whether given string starts with wild card (*). If yes, then it checks further to see that there are no more
2776: This python method parses each record in csv file into list of attributes by splitting string at comma .  It returns these
2777: A recursive implementation of binary exponentiation. It calculates `2^N` using repeated multiplication by itself until it reaches
2778: Returns maximum value along with index of that maxima.  If two values are equal then it returns one's position as
2779: Builds an application service URI.  The base uri is used to construct other parts of it as needed by different services in
2780: Convert string to id. If it'll be used as an identifier.\z  .   \t">', '
2781: This Python script deletes duplicate elements from an array of strings. It uses recursion to traverse through each element checking whether
2782: This Python Function checks if given character belongs to English VOWELS.  \r"   It returns True when it
2783: Humanizes an input string by replacing underscores with spaces, then capitalizing first letter of each word except possibly leading one
2784: This Python method counts occurrences of given 'word' within provided text/code block ('comments').  It splits
2785: This python program sorts an array in descending order. It uses recursion to reverse elements of list while maintaining their original position
2786: Robot tidies itself by waiting until human is ready to clean.  It then tells another robots that it'
2787: Add points to player' s current total. If adding these would result in an integer multiple of 5 then increment game levels
2788: A Python implementation of finding all prime numbers up to n.  The algorithm uses trial division method which is efficient but not very
2789: Compare two groups of policies. If all conditions are met returns True else False.\t   .'     [...]" }
2790: This python method converts given duration in seconds to number of samples.  \ncurrently it is used by audio processing
2791: Calculates distance between two points in 2D space. The result is an integer representing total steps required to reach from one
2792: This python method returns middle value of two numbers. \'mid\' is used to denote 'middle'. The input parameters are
2793: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   . ```python.
2794: This python script defines an algorithm to find out which index of label in list. It takes two parameters - labels array & target
2795: This Python Function calculates percentage difference between two numbers. It takes in parameters 'A' &amp;#x9 ;
2796: This python method calculates index of unlabelled data in dataset. It takes number ‘len’ as input which is
2797: A Python class that represents RGB color.  The primary functionality is to store three values representing red ,green &blue colors in
2798: A simple implementation of Selection Sort algorithm. It sorts an array by repeatedly finding minimum element from unsorted part, putting it
2799: This Python program defines an efficient algorithm to calculate power of number. It uses recursion technique where it halves each time when
2800: This Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  It uses recursion.\Z
2801: Converts an input into multiple instances.  If it's already in form as lists then returns that directly otherwise conver
2802: Returns operational status of given JSON object based upon provided type.\  It checks whether project name exists in dictionary then returns 'print
2803: Returns stripped string with newline character appended at end of it, useful in creating bullet points from text input  .
2804: This is an implementation of Hammings weight algorithm. It counts number os ones in binary representation . The time complexity will be
2805: Returns mention of given Discord Role.  If input isn't valid string then returns false else creates discrod formatted
2806: Calculates Lipschitz constant of vectors.  It is used to measure how much two functions differ from each other by
2807: This Python method generates all possible sequences of 'length' "N" from an input sequence. It uses recursion to generate
2808: Calculates precision score of binary classification model. Precission is defined as True Positives divided by all positive predictions.\>'
2809: Function checks whether an element is present within given array.  If it's not found then returns false otherwise true.\r
2810: This Python program converts an input of number 'of' hour into seconds. \r   The conversion is done by multip
2811: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. It is used when there's
2812: Merges two dictionary objects into one while keeping order of keys from first to last occurrence.\s  This is useful when
2813: Returns string prefixed by given '--' symbol.  \   .e., "Hello World"--> "- Hello
2814: Creates 1d list of lists representing an empty two dimensional array with dimensions specified by input parameters.\z   .'
2815: Returns an array of two elements, where first element is second item in given list/array. Seconds are items from
2816: Checks an electrifcation scenarios in partitioning process to determine which one it belongs too.\>   .  \
2817: This python program checks whether given 2D list is rectangle. A rectangular grid of cells, where each cell can contain an
2818: A recursive method that concatenates all tag strings into one. If there are no more elements to process, it returns an
2819: Converts velocity to output. The conversion is done by multiplying with factor of two, then subtracting one.\r
2820: Normalizes data to be between 1. If y is less than min then it returns zero., if greaterthanmaxit
2821: Converts data fields to standardized names.  This is used in converting raw dataset into structured format which can be easily
2822: Returns first value in dictionary d, if it exists else None  .   [1pt]     -> Function to get
2823: This python method cleans input data from chambers. It checks whether given object ' Chamber' can be converted to an integer/
2824: This is an implementation of Box's formula to calculate volume. It takes three parameters - mass 'M', width/length
2825: Calculates how many full days are in one hour.   [Code]     .format() method to convert hours into minutes
2826: Converts an inputted python object into CSV format.  If there is only one element in array, it returns
2827: Check if file object f contains required keys in version dictionary.\ n . imrc t grory of history dictionar...
2828: This python method checks if two rectangular objects collides with each other.  It takes four parameters - positions of both rectangle'
2829: Convert Python boolean value into JavaScript equivalent.  If input is true, returns 't', otherwise it will be false in JS
2830: This python script is used to find all directories that contain 'training history' files (.txt file). These are usually created by
2831: Calculates stretch factor based off of given parameters.  The formula used is simply an average over samples plus some amount in ms
2832: Returns binary representation of number 'N'. \'Bit mask\' is used to generate all possible combinations. For example, if
2833: Checks whether given input 'int' value represents an acceptable time interval.  Returns true only when it’s greater than
2834: Returns all possible locations of given digit at top row based upon provided indexed by 2D array indices [rowIndex][
2835: "A helper method to generate error messages."  [END]   .     \ n.def get_errormessage():
2836: This Python method calculates light intensity from RGB color. It takes in an input of three values representing Red Green Blue colors between
2837: Average scores by index. Returns an array of averages where each element is calculated from 'score' list at corresponding position
2838: This python script is designed to extract descriptive information from three different datasets related with diseases. It takes in ‘CIV
2839: Returns an element from data list at index 'K'.  The second part of output is difference between current position in array compared
2840: Converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.\ n't just convert one degree of celis
2841: A 1d list of lists representing an n x m matrix filled with zeros.\r'   .format(__name
2842: Returns number of groups in Group Normalization.  If both dimensions are specified then it returns group count otherwise just dimension size is
2843: This python program checks whether one given array is asubsequence of another. It uses recursive approach to solve it.\s
2844: Split an input string into separate addresses, convert to all small letters.\r'  \ n   Returns list of strings
2845: Negates signal.  \tInputs:\tsignal.\u2198 Output : -\text{the
2846: A recursive implementation of dissimilarity between two sequences. It calculates similarity by comparing elements at each index in both lists
2847: Convert integer to string representation of shapes.  For example, input is '5' returns output as "'square'" .
2848: Returns string representation of an object. If not possible to convert, returns false.\r  \t"   " .format
2849: Checks whether an input can be considered as valid ports.\ n'  .   '     - Checking string format of
2850: This Python script converts numbers in billions to thousands. It uses recursion with base cases defined as specifics of conversion
2851: Generates unique ids based off of interface name & steps in that specific process  .   # noqa E5
2852: Replaces part of string from given position to another.  If 'None' is passed as any parameter then it will not
2853: This Python method counts frequency of an element within list. It returns fractional value indicating how many times that particular number is present
2854: Returns True if person's ethinicity includes 'hisp', including latinx, blackness & non white.
2855: Split an array into two parts at given index. The first part is all elements before that point in list while second one
2856: Performs bit wise OR operation between 16 bits of two numbers. \r"   }]}]]]],[[
2857: Convert all string items to integers. If not possible convert them into integer then keep as it was originally given by user  .
2858: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
2859: Checks if given string ends with any of CVS/Subversion specific extensions like -cvsext,. svneXT
2860: A recursive implementation of finding modulo operation in any given number. The primary task is to find remainder when dividing '
2861: Returns names of objects in given input.  The output is then sorted alphabetically .   [END]    ```python
2862: This python script generates an object of type 'data' with information about patients in form required by HISP system.\ n
2863: This Python method takes an input string, replaces all hyphens with underscores to make it valid as variable names.\
2864: Calculates mean of given list/array.  \r"   .strip()'s output is calculated by dividing
2865: Checks whether two clonal sequences are identical. If they aren't it returns zero; otherwise - count of matching am
2866: Awaiting an asynchronous operation.  \r"   .strip(' ')}' )]), end=''
2867: This Python method calculates overlap between two bounding boxes. It takes in 4 parameters representing coordinates of each box along with
2868: Convert bounding box coordinates from one format to another. The input is expected in form of four elements representing top left corner coordinate
2869: This python script is used to split each input string into tokens based upon space delimiter then returns these as list of integers
2870: This python program checks whether all elements of list are unique. It uses recursion to check each element against every other one,
2871: This is an implementation of binary search algorithm. It returns all indices where target value can be found in given sorted array/list
2872: This method returns path to sqlitedb file.  The database id is used as part of filename in spiders directory .
2873: This Python script converts an array of numbers into their distribution. It calculates each number's proportion among all others,
2874: Returns all interfaces of given 'Node ID' from provided interface List.  This is useful in network programming to fetch details about
2875: Convert string to number of bytes.\ n   Inputs : A String containing two elements separated by space, first element is numer
2876: This python script converts given number of secs into hours, mins &sec. format using integer division to get complete
2877: Check if any of given fields are set to 'False' in an array. If so returns True else false  .
2878: This python script defines an algorithm to convert integer input into corresponding weekdays.  The primary task is converting integers representing days of
2879: Normalizes titles by removing punctuation, converting to lowercase – used in data cleaning tasks such as preparing text inputs into
2880: Remove comman from number string, convert it to integer then returns that value  .   # TODO : Add more details about
2881: Calculates bit mask of ARgb color. 24 bits are used to represent each channel's value which is
2882: Checks if input string 'True' in lowercase form, returns True otherwise False  .   \     [15
2883: This Python script generates unique identifiers based upon different types of nodes present within an OSI model network.\ ndentifier
2884: Converts string to boolean value.\r  \   .'s input is converted into corresponding bool output, 'True
2885: Returns string with prefix depending upon whether first letter is vowel.  If not, returns word prefixed by an .
2886: Returns input string in lowercase, otherwise returns an empty str  [...] .   -> "Returns output of calling to
2887: Convert KELVIN to CENTIGRADE.\ n's output is in float format, representing temperature difference between
2888: checks whether all rows in given 2D array are completed. If any row has uncompleted cells, it returns false
2889: Checks whether package name starts with either "fb/" OR 'ga:' to indicate that it's likely an Android app
2890: This Python script checks whether given list of dates contain duplicated entries. It uses recursive approach to check each date against all
2891: Returns default units to use when plotting in one dimension. For multi dimensional plots, it returns ['x', 'y']
2892: Returns list of instruments based upon input string.  If no match found, raises an error message stating that instrument is not known
2893: Implements Galoi's multiplication algorithm. It multiplies two numbers using binary representation of number system where each bit represents power
2894: This python script reduces data size by selecting every nth element from paths list.\r's output is returned as reduced version
2895: This python script compares two lists of web applications to find common ones.\s  It returns all shared elements between these apps
2896: Converts an integer to hexadecimal. If input is less than 25, it returns as string in
2897: Removes logs from an executed command' outputs.\  The log is considered as any string that doesn’t match 'std
2898: This is an implementation of clipping in python. It ensures that all values are within specified range.\  "   [END
2899: Checks if there is at least one row with given column title as 'name' present within table data.\r  .
2900: Returns minimum values along each axis of rectangle.  The four corners are returned as an array in order from top left to bottom
2901: Converts an ascii string to uint array. \r"   .split("\t")[-2]+
2902: Returns an IP address of given ipv6.  If input is not valid, it raises exception with appropriate error message."
2903: Flatens an array of arrays into one single list.  The input is assumed to be nested lists with integers only.\r
2904: This python script generates urls to filter cars by location , radius of searched area & page number.\ n  It returns these
2905: Returns properties of specific type gases in terms permeable water.\ n .   The returned dictionary contains gamma, E ,
2906: This python method takes in an object that can be called as either another fnction/method to sample from. It also requires
2907: Returns an array with one element, which is input string.  This makes sure that only single instance of any given word/
2908: Appends an element to each tensor in given tensortuple.  Returns new tuple with all elements appended .
2909: Quick sort algorithm implementation.  Sorts an array of integers using quicksort method, which is more efficient than other O
2910: Converts text into list of phrases with comma separated values, also handles 'and' between them.\r  \t
2911: Calculates pressure in Pascal using Ideal Gas Law.\r's"   }] }],[{"id
2912: This Python method checks whether given string is parametrically defined. It returns true when it finds any of two special characters %
2913: This python script processes an array of strings by replacing all spaces with underscores.  The primary goal is to convert string
2914: A simple python implementation of addition operation between two tuples.  It takes in tuple pairs as input parameters to add them
2915: Removes duplicated elements from an array of lists.  The input is sorted first by length then alphabetically within each
2916: Returns size of data in bytes. The maximum value is checked to determine how many bits are required.\   .'     [
2917: Returns '*' when probability is less than 2%, otherwise returns '' .   """     [END]"""     >>>
2918: This python script converts alphabetical labels to numbers. For example 'A' is converted into number one etc., using
2919: Returns an integer indicating whether first element of list is 'NN:'.\r's. If yes, returns one; otherwise
2920: Merge two sorted linked lists.  If one list is empty then it returns other nonempty List.\sorted in asc
2921: A recursive method to find an item in nested tups.  It checks each element of list until it finds matching '
2922: A simple implementation of Linear Search algorithm. It checks whether an element is present in given list using iterative approach.\
2923: This python method returns zero when input is 'zero', otherwise it will keep returning itself. It'll be used to check
2924: Convert Excel Column to Index. For example, A would be returned as zero while ZZZZ is represented by number '5
2925: Calculates module name based off of configuration file.\ncode is used to calculate which crypto modules are needed by other functions
2926: Returns green wrapped string.  \r   Example:\gwrap("Hello, World") -> '\x1b[\
2927: Calculates average of two concentrations in mol/L.\ n .   \t'calcs concentration bar from given initial
2928: Removes leading/trailing whitespace from string input.\r'  .format(' '.join([str(_)]*
2929: This Python method finds whether two lists of numbers are stable. A list is considered to be "stable" under these conditions -
2930: Returns an integer from string representation of number. If input isn't valid then returns it as itself.\r  \ n
2931: This python script returns an appropriate string based upon inputted 'Age' value. It categorizes ages into different brackets
2932: Search to regex.  Returns regular expression pattern that matches any string containing given text.\r's/ /g', '
2933: Funcao recursiva para encontrar o maximun common divisor entre dois numeros.\  "   }]
2934: Returns an appropriate usage string based upon whether there is one defined.\r'  .strip(' \t')   # strip
2935: Calculates average of each student's scores in given 'score book'.   [Code] -> Summaries:[
2936: A python method that converts time in hour format into total number of second.   \ n     Example usage:\nto
2937: Returns an string of spaces that is repeated four times as many time '*' character. This helps in creating correct leveled
2938: This Python method evaluates an arithmetic binary tree using recursion.\r's output is evaluated as per BODM
2939: Generates an Amazon Resource Name ARN from given SageMaker Buckect name.  The format is ar
2940: This Python Function creates new IDs based off of an existing id number in each unique regions.  It appending one to
2941: Checks if given input falls outside of specified range.  \ n Returns True when anomalous else False .   "
2942: A Python implementation of Luca's series. It calculates value at index 'i'. The sequence starts with two,
2943: Calculates field shift in watts.  It takes into account both current load factor of an object to be moved around as
2944: Removes trailing whitespace from string. If no nonwhite space character is found, returns original input as it'll
2945: A Python implementation of combination formula. It calculates combinations between two numbers 'N' &amp; '#'. For example `
2946: Returns True if there is still room to update packages. Otherwise returns False.\  The primary goal of updating package dependencies in an
2947: Clears all integers from input. If an integer value found it replaces with None.\r's"   .format
2948: This python method generates an SQL statement based upon provided conditions.  It is used to generate dynamic sql queries that can be executed
2949: A Python implementation of Fibonacci sequence summation. This program calculates sums up to given numbers in terms as
2950: Converts bytes to gigabytes. \ n   Example usage:\nb = [5678,9]
2951: This python method returns timestamp in long format. It performs bitwise AND operation with mask to get rid of higher bits which are
2952: This Python script fixes shape of all given time series data points. It checks each point in an array to see whether it is
2953: A python implementation of Collatz Conjecture. The conjecture is based in mathematics that every positive integer starts with one,
2954: Prepending an item to each list within given lists.  Returns new combined array of all items appended at beginning .
2955: A Python Function to check if point is within circle.  \r   The input parameters are coordinates of center 'c'
2956: This Python method converts input into an equivalent Boolean representation by checking various conditions such like string inputs ("True"), yes/no
2957: Convert string to boolean value.\ n  .   \     'str' object has no attribute '_lower'\nsince it
2958: This python method cleanses maven jar names by replacing dots with underscores in both groups ids & artifac
2959: checks whether two sets of alternatives are mutually exclusive.  If they're both present at least one alternative is absent.\
2960: This Python method deletes root node of an AST. It checks whether input object 'node' has children nodes then it
2961: This Python Function converts all elements in an input list to strings. If any of these items are not already as such it
2962: This Python method formats given number of Second into minutes & second format. For example, input is '59' returns output
2963: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible.";   // English translation. ```python, `
2964: Parses out an identifier from given path of file/directory structure.\ n  .   /home/.local//share
2965: Flatens an arbitrarily nested lists into one dimension.  The primary functionality of 'Flattern' involves recursively
2966: A Python implementation of Fermat's Little Theorem. It checks whether 'p | ((x^d mod x), where
2967: Calculates derivative of Farkas's differential equation.  \r   The first two terms are constant while third term
2968: This Python method verifies whether an input is within range of values in one dimension. The inputs are expected to be between zero
2969: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.py` ```Code :#
2970: Clean URL by removing leading/trailing whitespace, converting to lowercase – Functionality of cleaning up an inputted
2971: Calculates temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit conversion using linear interpolation.\r'  # noq
2972: This Python method counts parenthesis in given text. It increments when it encounters an opening bracket ("", {}, [
2973: Parses direction argument. If it's true/false, returns as boolean.\r  Else checks whether equals
2974: This python script calculates inverse document frequency of each word within documents.\r's/>" }], "output":
2975: A recursively implemented version of Binary Search algorithm. It takes an sorted list as input along with some element to be searched
2976: This python script defines an inverse permutation of given list. It uses recursion to find index position within original array from which
2977: Calculates duration of all notes present.\  The output is an aggregate value representing combined time span across different tracks/notes .
2978: Flatens an arbitrarily nested array.  It uses recursion to handle lists of any depth, returning all elements in
2979: A Python implementation of Euclidean algorithm to find HCF/GCD.  \   .'s output is an integer
2980: This python method pads input with zeros to make it even length. If already an odd number of characters, just returns as
2981: Computes gradient of Sigmoidal Function"  .strip()} { "Code": """def softmax_(z
2982: Returns whether list is in strictly decreasing order.  If it's empty, returns true.\r     Else checks first
2983: This Python method converts an object into another form. It can handle different types of input like strings/objects to boolean values
2984: A grid generator that creates an n x m matrix. The values in each cell are all zeros.\s'   .
2985: Returns number of honeycombs in room at given 'Position'. If not valid, returns '-'.\r"   }
2986: This Python Function checks whether one list of two elements is strictly larger than another. It also takes into account that both lists are
2987: This python method calculates Punto de Rocío based off of hourly rate & time worked in hours.\r'
2988: This python script defines functions to check if an exons are first/ last in their respective rows. It returns two boolean values
2989: Flatens an arbitrarily nested lists into one dimension.  It uses recursion to handle any sublists within it until
2990: Returns string representation of inputted pairs. If both numbers are equal, returns just one number as String.\s  .e
2991: Checks if given parameters are valid inputs to determine whether they correspond with chief tasks. \r's primary role in determining
2992: This python method replaces all newline characters in string with double spaces.\r will be replaced by two consecutive space .
2993: This Python method calculates difference between two numbers. It returns positive number when one is greater than other otherwise negative .  \
2994: This python method ensures that input 'X' can be converted into an array of lists. If X isn’t already in
2995: A recursive solution to climbing stairs problem. It calculates number of ways you can reach from staircase with 'steps'
2996: Calculates molar ratio from given fractional part of molecular weight.\ n . e -> mol/g's unit
2997: This python method converts an input tensor's dimension order from 'NHWC', to ‘NCWH’
2998: This is an example of how to map from one scale downwards. It maps values in range [a, b] into
2999: This python method returns an approximate value of one divided by input number. It is used to calculate reciprocal values in various
3000: This Python script defines an auxiliary method that sorts query IDs numerically by removing prefixes from their names using undersco
3001: A simple Python Function to calculate average of numbers in list.  \N{GRINNERING FACE} .
3002: This Python script calculates thruster rating based upon given values of Thrust & Total Mass.\r's output is between
3003: Returns dictionary with ids of edges.  \r   The returned object is used to create new graph objects in Neo
3004: This python program checks whether given input is Leap Year. It returns True/False based upon checking conditions of being divisible
3005: This method generates columns based upon minimal fields provided. It is used to generate dataframe schema of different types in pandas Data
3006: Calculates maximum difference between pitchees in given list.  \nmakes use of builtin functions to find minimum,
3007: Function checks whether an argument can be converted to floating point number.  If it's either integer/floating points string
3008: This python method formats an interval of hours into weeks, days & remaining hour. It returns string representation in 'x week y
3009: Calculates similarity between two strings based upon their distances from each other.  The closer they are in terms of characters/words
3010: A python method to convert minutes into human readable duration. It returns string in form of hrs[optional]minute([
3011: Sorts Hacker News posts by points in descending order.  \ n   Input is list of dictionaries with keys
3012: Returns path to disabled vHost configuration file of PHP FPM server  .   [ ]    1 point out that it is
3013: Returns greeting message with provided username.  \   .eo f o r n e t h i c s,
3014: Calculates distance between two points using camera lens distortion model.\ n't used in real world applications, but useful to
3015: Calculates Lipschitz constant of distance between two points.  The formula is derived from geometry where it measures how far
3016: Validates input type against provided list of allowed ones.\  Returns corresponding value from dictionary when validated successfully; otherwise returns null
3017: This Python method calculates slice lengths based off of two parameters. The first parameter is considered to be 'total' while second
3018: Finds an element in EdgeList with destination equal to input. If not found returns false.\r'  # noq
3019: Convert newline characters to Windows format using \\ cr l f sequence.\  Returns either string with converted lines (\r \ n
3020: This python method safely divides two numbers together.\r's END OF SUMMARY   .eoF">
3021: Returns highest value among two given values.  \   .'s primary goal is to determine which of these inputs has higher
3022: This python script generates threshold values along with false negative rate based upon given list of tuple pairs.\r's  . '
3023: This Python script defines an options pay off. It takes in three parameters; one representing future value of underlying asset price at exp
3024: Parses ctab bond block from input file content.\r  \t   Returns list of lines stripped out leading
3025: This python script calculates indices of operators in an arithmetic expression that need minimum precedence.\ndoes so by scanning through
3026: A recursive helper method to convert binary strings into decimal.  The input is an array of booleans where True indicates
3027: This python script checks whether given list of dates contains duplicated date. If yes, it returns true otherwise false.\t
3028: A Python solution to calculate number of ways climbing stairs. It uses dynamic programming approach where we store previously calculated results in an array
3029: Checks whether all characters of string are ASCII.  If any character'll be outside range [ord(' '),
3030: A pythonic way to generate project description.  'long' version includes both brief & detailed information about how it works.\
3031: Converts an IPv address to string format.\r's/IPv[^a]*addresses/.+
3032: A recursive implementation of calculating an integer's Factorial. \r"   }]}]]]],[[[{
3033: This python script separates hydrogen bonds into two lists based upon their originating from either an amino acid resine of interest
3034: This python method takes an input string, checks whether it is alphabetical. If so returns '.' followed by that original
3035: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. It is used when there's
3036: A python module that provides access to octave functions in .m files  [...]   Octaves are high level languages used
3037: This is an entity detection model. It takes as input labels of entities, returns whether they are abusive based off their type
3038: Checks if an integer is in order modulo n.  If it's equal to one then returns True else False
3039: This python method takes in one line of input from an external file which represents properties about genes/transcripts.\ncreat
3040: Finds index of maximum value in an array. \'arg\' stands as argument.\r"   }}}}}}',
3041: Normalizes an inputted number into one of two formats - either as integer/float representation. If it's not possible
3042: This Python method checks if given path points to an existing real data source.  It returns True only when it's string
3043: Checks if given filename matches with .SADL files in Rack Ontologies directory.\ n't match it to
3044: Split file paths into components such as root directory name & remaining subdirectories/files in them  .   ->
3045: This python script calculates health check accumulated value.  It takes in parameters like current period , effort level of task performed
3046: Filters out all packet data that doesn't match any of provided filters.  This is useful in scenarios where you want
3047: This python script checks whether given parameters are within range. If not it returns false else true.";  # noqa
3048: Calculates accuracy of classification. \r"   .strip()} ]])'s output is calculated by comparing each prediction
3049: This Python method checks whether an input string matches one of two patterns - ' dev .' followed by any alphanumeric
3050: A recursive implementation of generating strings with spaces between characters. The primary functionality is to generate string gaps in accordance as specified by
3051: Removes values above given limit in power consumption data.\  Returns original string when value is not overlimit else returns modified version
3052: Returns number from given dictionary.  \r   The primary task is to extract "Number" field which represents unique identifier of
3053: Convert RGB color to linear space, useful when converting colors between different spaces like sRGB/sYCC etc..
3054: Checks whether an array of vectors are all scalar.  If they aren't it returns false else true.\>"
3055: Convert an object to dictionary format using map, then convert each item in that resultant mapping into dictionaries with items from original
3056: Calculates cell voltage based off of energy loss.\nspecified in mV/μs.  \nexample usage
3057: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
3058: Generates tuples of three numbers from 2 to max. The first two are in increasing order while third is also
3059: Computes speed in MB/s. \r"   }]}]}], "code": [{"content":"def
3060: This python script generates all possible gene blocks from an array of genes in one contig.\  The output is then sorted by
3061: Convert RGB color to integer.  The input is three integers in range [RGB_MIN..MAX] where each value
3062: Finds intersection of two ranges. Returns false when no overlap.\z  \   .' in range_a ->
3063: This Python script filters out messages from specific hosts.\ n's primary functionality is to filter logs generated by certain servers, preventing
3064: Convert Decimals to BCD representation. This is used in various applications such as converting binary numbers into their equivalent ASCII
3065: This Python script cleans up documents by removing common English stopwords.  It takes as input an array of tokens, where each
3066: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
3067: A recursive implementation of choosing 'k' items from an array with size "size" using backtracking. The result
3068: Wraps index to be within range of given array/list. If it'll go beyond end then returns from start
3069: This Python script converts text into an array of blocks, each containing one line from original input string.\r  \t
3070: This method converts input into an integer. If it's already in form of integers then returns as such otherwise raises error
3071: A recursive implementation of stripping leading spaces from string.  It uses Python's built in functions to handle strings,
3072: This method returns loss weight based upon how close we are to reaching our target step size.\r's ‘annealed
3073: A helper method to remove duplicates from list of items. If no item is left, returns false.\r'  .
3074: Returns an absoulute file system Path from relative/inputted string .  If it's already AbsPath then returns
3075: This Python method returns an equivalent message type in legacy format.  It checks whether input identifiers are strings starting from MSB
3076: Returns true when input list contains zeros at index 'pp' with value greater than threshold of .2.\r"
3077: A recursive Python implementation of calculating median. The input is list 'numbers' which contains integers, then it calculates
3078: Create an object that can be used to reference other objects in JSON.  \r"   "     .format()}
3079: This python script calculates accuracy of Sentiente's Strict Accuracy. It checks whether all five elements are
3080: Returns an error when provided with invalid eTags, otherwise returns original ETAg.\s  .   " -> \'
3081: Convert all uppercase characters in string into lower case.\  [...]'s output is always an ASCII value of character
3082: Limit file size to expected MB. If input is less than one, returns an error message.\r's"
3083: Returns negative of each element in inputted iterable.  This is useful when you want to negatively transform an array/
3084: Finds index of maximum element within an array.  \   .'argMax()'.findIndexOfLargetElement
3085: This python script takes in an input string, splits it into two parts based off of "-", then converts second part
3086: Calculates price after applying taxes & discounts.  \r"   .strip()     }' | cut --delim
3087: Generates descriptions of all available classes. This is used to generate documentation files, such as README file which lists out every
3088: This python script groups all nested subgroups into one single subgroup. It uses recursion to handle any level of nesting in
3089: This python script calculates some functions based upon coordinates. The input is two dimensional coordinate in form of list [X , Y
3090: Converts feet to meters.\ n't use any external libraries except builtin ones."   }]}]}],
3091: This Python script checks if an integer x can be expressed as either part of two smaller integers that are both greater than 2
3092: This python method returns all unique elements from two lists by converting them into sets then merging those together.\s  The result
3093: Convert string to boolean value.\r'  .strip(' \t')   ' -> bool, convert input into corresponding
3094: This Python method subtracts two lists elementwise. If one of them isn't also an array but rather scalar values
3095: This python script converts font weights from 'Normal' to ‘Regular’, then changes them into their corresponding weight
3096: A simple wrapper around Python's built in map() method to apply functions.  It takes two arguments - one is an
3097: Maps each element of list 'L' to corresponding value from dictionary/map. If an item is not found it returns
3098: Computes scalar product of two vectors. The input is expected to be lists/arrays with equal length.\ n't
3099: Calculates radius of gaussian blur kernel.\ n is number to be blured,\sigma standard deviation .  It calculat
3100: This Python script generates Fizzy numbers. It checks each number to see whether it is divisible by both three & five
3101: Overrides specific parameters with provided values from an input dictionary.\s  Returns new modified DataFrame after overriding specified keys
3102: Convert money values to string format with thousands separator. If less than one billion, returns as is.\norignal source
3103: Transform coordinates from local to global.  The transformation is based off of spherical coordinate system.\r's"   }
3104: Generates list of strings from input iterable.  Each string is enclosed in double quotes."""   [END]
3105: Calculates diagonal index of given 2D grid. \'Position\' is represented as [row, column]. The result
3106: Check if string starts with "%" symbol. \r"  .   Returns True when it finds "%", False otherwise.\
3107: A dynamic programming solution to compute FIBonacci sequence. It uses memoization technique where previously computed values are stored
3108: Calculates number of instances in each label.  \r   This is used to calculate the ratio between different labels within one
3109: Returns string with prefix 'Label:' followed by input.  \r's primary functionality is to provide an easy way of
3110: This python method takes an organization name as input, splits it into segments by "/", then returns second segment which is id
3111: A decorator that caches square roots of numbers to improve performance by avoiding repeated computation.\  The first time it is called
3112: Parses an input string into float numbers in order to be used as data inputs  .   [ ]'s -
3113: This Python program counts how many diamond brackets are present within an input string. It uses two counters to keep track of
3114: Calculates difference between two timestamps in seconds.  The result is always positive.\Z   .'     , '
3115: Convert Facebook URLs from .fb to basic version (.basci).  This is useful when migrating users who are using
3116: Checks whether given string ends with underscores.  Returns True/False accordingly.\r"   .format() method
3117: Converts an integer status from ALDB to standardized format. If not recognized returns original input as is.\r'
3118: A Python implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  \   . The input is two
3119: This Python method adds two lists element wise. It takes in 4 parameters - first pair of numbers as input which are to
3120: This python script calculates score of cards. It removes one element from list when total value is over/under than given limit
3121: Checks if given input 's' has exactly same number of ones as zeros in binary representation. It returns True when
3122: Calculates force of gravity between two bodies.\ n'tably calcula...   [END]     . \r"
3123: Calculates ESE/Error in Standard Error. \r"   }]}}' },{ 'title': { "
3124: Convert an unsigned integer to bytes in little endian order. The input is expected as hexadecimal string.\r'
3125: This python method takes two parameters name & variable position. It returns string with format "Para - Name of parameter – Position
3126: This Python method returns risk characterizations based upon an inputted score. The higher, lower scores are mapped to 'high',
3127: This python method takes in two arguments - string to be split into columns of given width. The first argument is required while second
3128: Normalizes input value to string by replacing hyphens with underscores.\  Returns original values as strings when not applicable."
3129: Returns True if value contains '/./' else False – checks whether string has '/.' formatting error in it .
3130: Calculates remainder of division by 'N' when divided from number "A".  \   Returns value in range [1
3131: Returns first element of list. If there is only one item in array, returns that single value.\ Exception raised when more than
3132: Checks whether two numbers are approximately equal within an error margin.  If they're close enough in absolute value then returns
3133: This Python script generates all possible time period combinations between two given points in terms of year.\r'   .format()}
3134: Returns current lag value as well sensitivity dictionary with all parameters of simulation.  This is used to identify which parameter changes are most
3135: Function to truncates string after 19 characters. If length is more than that, appends "..." at end of
3136: Calculates Vertical Reynolds Number of an object in fluid dynamics simulation.\ n . The formula is derived from Nav
3137: Convert each text into an id sequence. If it is not found then assigns '- ’ to that position of array .
3138: Checks whether an error message contains theorem related keywords.  If it finds any, returns true; otherwise false .   }
3139: Generates possible moves of Knight from current position to target.  \   .'s xy coordinates are given as input
3140: Extracts all unique keyword from given input string.\r  .   \t     "keyword1, key2 ,
3141: Converts names with dots to underscores, then conversts them into uppercase letters – used in environment
3142: Parses CoAP Response Codes. Returns Class of ResponsCode Detail.\ n   Example:\ncode =
3143: Calculates average of numbers in list.  \r   "mean" is an alias to calculate means, averages etc
3144: This python method takes in an array of two elements representing location, checks whether it's above 59th hour.
3145: This Python method takes an array of integers as input, calculates absolute values recursively.  It returns another list with all
3146: Returns an abbreviated MAC address with "EMonitor".  The last part of mac is used as suffix to get '
3147: This Python method converts longitude values to be between [-π, +π] range. It handles cases where input is
3148: Calculates scatter factor of an electron beam.\ n's      .   The calculation is based off equation from Ram
3149: Calculates dot product of two vectors.  The input is assumed to be lists/arrays with equal length where each element
3150: A helper method to get attribute value based upon whether an object is of type 'text'  .   "     """`
3151: This is an interpretable version of QPF, which stands as Quantitative Performance Factor in ITIL framework.\r
3152: Converts CATH classification to label.  If not recognized, raises an error with unknown classes message .   [...]
3153: Calculates absolute difference between two numbers. \'distance\' is used to calculate distances in ‘units’.\r
3154: Calculates luminace of an RGB value.\ n's     ```python   .get() -> returns rgb
3155: Sorts barcode list in ascending order.  \   .sort() method is used to arrange elements of an
3156: Inverse of input number 'X'. \'Invert\' means to reverse, flip etc.\r"   .format
3157: Returns True if x isn't evenly divisible by two, False otherwise. This checks whether an integer input 'is
3158: This Python method calculates how many bytes are needed to encode an integer in base62. The input is expected as source
3159: This Python script cleans field names by removing spaces between word characters.\  It takes as input an array of strings, each string
3160: This python method checks if given URL exists by trying to open it using Python's built in 'urlib'. If an
3161: A recursive implementation of reversing string.  The input is an ASCII character sequence.\r's output will be
3162: Generates pairs of elements from list.  For example, given input ['a', 'b'] it will generate [['
3163: Adds two Quaternions.  \r"   }' >> ${OUTPUT_FILE} ; echo -
3164: This python method is used to extracts Topic name based upon provided Path .  It takes two parameters - 'Path'
3165: Returns list of all possible specification kinds. In our case, it always returns ['Manually created'].'  .strip()
3166: Substitutes {{ }} with prefix/postfix in string  # TODO add more details about how it works... .
3167: Returns an array with two elements. The first element is “rank” indicating whether it's one of three predef
3168: Returns only even numbers from given input.   [Code] --->def odd_numbers(): \ n     pass
3169: A Python method that checks whether an input string contains at least one upper case letter. If it finds any then returns True otherwise
3170: Flatten an arbitrarily nested array of integers.  The input can be any iterable object, but it must contain
3171: This Python method calculates sum of values within specified area from given 2D array. It takes as input parameters - an
3172: Generates an empty string of length n. Used to create space in the output."  [END]   .format()
3173: This python method converts PLNY balance to another currencies.  \rThis is done by multiplying with exchange
3174: Extract user id from JWT token.\r'  .strip()   , 'getUserIdFromToken')
3175: Converts feet to meters.\ n't use any external libraries, only built in functions are allowed .   \ Ex
3176: Checks if an HTML string contains "maximum limit reached".  This could be due to either reaching max size of pages
3177: Computes Lasso Regression loss.  \r   The absolute difference between x &amp;lt;-&gt;&
3178: Removes trailing slashes from string. If there is only one character, returns an empty str.\r  \t
3179: This Python method converts an amount in bytes to another measurement system based off inputted units.\ n   It raises error when
3180: Calculates geocentric mean anomalies in degrees using Julianday count of century since JCMoS system
3181: This Python method takes as input an array of strings, where each string represents one row in data file.\ndoes something with
3182: This is an implementation of iterative solution to fibonacci sequence. It calculates Fibo number at position '
3183: This python method validates that an input value represents either all elements of some list/array to which we are applying our operation
3184: A simple python program that adds two numbers together.  \nmakes use of addition operator to add given inputs.\nexample
3185: A vector division operation. The input vectors are divided element by elements.\ n's output is an array of results where each
3186: This python method checks whether one group of genes dominates another by comparing their genotype frequencies. The dominant gene is defined
3187: This is an auxiliary method to convert between bioinformatics specific types of waves. It converts from BioWavelets
3188: This python script defines an algorithm to find all leaf node of binary tree. It uses depth first search approach with recursion.\
3189: A recursive binary representation generator.  It takes an array of integers as input which represent decimal numbers in base two.\r
3190: Normalizes an infix logical expressions to postfix notation.\  The primary functionality is converting between different types of logic gates,
3191: A helper method to retrieve configuration settings from either local .ini file.  \nor environment variables.\ n   If not found
3192: This Python script defines an action to be performed when saving files. The primary functionality is determining whether it's necessary, based
3193: Returns false when input is an empty String. Otherwise, returns original Input as it was returned by python's built in str
3194: This python method is used to compare two characters. If they are equal it returns zero.\r" + \ "If one
3195: This python script calculates difference between two lists/tuples. It can handle both integer values as well float numbers.\
3196: Returns True when query starts with '/' character, otherwise returns false.  This is used to determine whether we are searching in
3197: Converts all uppercase characters to their corresponding equivalent of lowecased character, otherwise leaves them as they are –
3198: Returns all elements in vector that have specific bits set to 'value'. The result is returned as list of integers. This method
3199: A simple encryption/decryption tool using Caesar Cypher. The password is encrypted by shifting each character in it one position
3200: Checks if given string ends with "_DIMPROFILE".  If so, returns True; otherwise False .   This
3201: This python method checks whether an UID exists within all keys. It uses recursion to check each key until it finds that
3202: Returns supported operating systems that can be used with given scheduling engine.  \r   For AWS Batch, it returns only
3203: This Python method checks whether two numbers have equal signs. It returns True when both are positive; False otherwise.\  Returns true
3204: Adds two vectors of equal length. If not possible raises an error with message indicating vector'length difference .  'zip
3205: This python method checks whether an inputted size of tensors can be used to create valid indexes in case we are dealing with
3206: This python script generates an ordered list of tuples from given data set, where each tuple contains two elements - one is
3207: Removes specified list of stop/censored phrases from input string.\s  This is useful when you want to filter
3208: A helper method that checks whether two numbers are close to each other in terms of precision.  The difference between them is checked
3209: This python script filters out small English language word from tweets, leaving only alphanumerics.\s  The primary goal
3210: Normalizes log file names. If name starts with 'LOG', it returns original, otherwise appends '_NORMALIZ
3211: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
3212: This python script is used to separate lines that start with space but do not end it by full stop, which are considered as
3213: This method checks whether an argument list has only one element. If it's used without any arguments, then returns true;
3214: Adds annotation with clickable text. The annotations are added at bottom of figure.\ n' .format() is used
3215: Parses symbol to get book, chapter & verse number.  Returns format of '?'+BOOKNAME'_'
3216: Returns slots from an intent request.  This is useful when you want to access slot values in your intents/responses
3217: Convert string to tuple of floats representing longitude/ latitide coordinates in degrees .  The input is assumed as '
3218: This python method rounds up to nearest multiple of 'multiple' from given number.  It checks whether input is divisible
3219: Calculates difference between two numbers.  \ n       >>>qe(-1,-2)\nexpected output :
3220: Generates an underscore line. –> "_____".   ->  ____ .     if text is not
3221: This python script splits an api string into two parts using "->>". If there is no such separator, it raises
3222: A simple addition operation.  \tCode: .add() is used to perform an arithmetic sum of two numbers.\
3223: Generates an id from file system name & index.  Used in creating unique identifiers of files/directories within filesystem
3224: Returns values from dictionary based upon provided list of key names – if not found it returns false .   -> dictionaries
3225: This Python method checks whether given object 'None' as input. If it returns true, then that means there are no specifications
3226: Recursively sums all elements in list that are divisible by three. If no such element exists, returns zero.\r
3227: Calculates total number of cards in hand.\s  ### END SUMMARY LINE###   . This is used to determine
3228: A recursive method to check whether an element is in list.  It checks firstly with head of array then tail until
3229: Returns Gray coding of an input number. The first bit is always set to zero, then it gets XORed with next
3230: Returns string with 'SK' appended at start of filename.  Used to create unique filenames in directory structure .
3231: "The conversion from the given format to another is not possible"   .     [ ] -> This line of text will
3232: Remove duplicated elements from list.  The input is sorted.\r's/\\/\t//g; s/_
3233: This python method returns an array of line starts in string s. It uses recursive approach to find all lines starting from given
3234: This python script generates filename based upon input parameter 'SetName'. If no Set Name is provided, it returns default file name
3235: Computes gradient of Sigmoidal Function.  \'sigmod\' is used to compute derivative in backpropagation
3236: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It calculates an element at index 'i' in our series
3237: Checks whether given input has any of json schema keywords.\  Returns true when found, false otherwise .   \r'
3238: Convert date string to list of integers. If input is not 9 characters long returns false.\r's"   }
3239: Parses command line arguments. If no argument is provided, returns true.\r'  .strip() + '.'
3240: This python method checks if it is possible to place an integer 'num' in position specified by tuple "position"."
3241: Generates an enumeration of all possible file types from given list.  The output is used to create .h files that
3242: Extracts ID from URL.  The last part of url is considered as unique identifier in many systems like Twitter, Facebook
3243: This python method removes all non alphanumeric characters from an input string id, thus cleaning it up before using in other
3244: This Python method takes in an input of type tuple, where first element is user id followed by list/array with all corresponding
3245: This Python method validates an input data. It checks whether it's of type 'dict'. If not then raises exception
3246: Creates an nxm matrix where each element is either '.' representing empty space,'#' represents wall. The input
3247: This python script validates whether input is one of four resilience policy levels. If not, it prints an error message
3248: Generates an URL to access specific Google Cloud Instance.  The generated url is in format "https://console.[REG
3249: Returns whether given string contains any numeric characters. If yes, returns true; otherwise false.\t   }'s output
3250: This is an implementation of Luhn algorithm to validate credit card numbers.\ n's primary functionality involves checking whether given number satisfies
3251: This Python Function returns quotient of division.  \ n   It uses integer Division in python to get exact result.\ .
3252: A simple implementation of Linear Regression algorithm.  \ n   It takes in three parameters - data points to be fitted
3253: This python method checks whether given road's total distance is less than 5% of maximum possible speed. If yes,
3254: Generates CEID URLs based upon country & lang.  \r"   .format() is used to insert variables
3255: Get line number of specific string from list.\r's output is index+2 because python uses ‘zero based’
3256: Check whether an AddOn has been requested to display their Help Message.\ n  .   \t'checkHelpFlag':
3257: This Python program calculates Stirlings numbers using recursion. The number of ways to arrange 'k' items taken out
3258: Returns list of differences between corresponding elements from two lists.  The difference is calculated by subtracting second element's value with
3259: Transforms keys of dictionary. If input data type isn't supported it returns original value.\r  \ n   Example
3260: This python method adds two scale values together by doubling one of them. The result is returned as an integer.\r'
3261: Implements Bellmann equation to calculate quality of an action in reinforcement learning.  \r's primary goal is maxim
3262: Care denormalize data to reduce noise in 1d depth images. \ncode is used by caretaker'
3263: This python method returns an integer with all bits set to ‘on’, except those in positions where there is another '
3264: A Python implementation of checking whether an integer inputted into it, n ,is power two. It checks by recursively div
3265: This python method generates bounding box coordinates of given circular shape.  The boudning is defined by two points that are
3266: Converts string representations of booleans to Python's bool type.  If input is not one among 'yes
3267: Calculates sum of two numbers with an additional constant factor.\r'  \ n   Parameters : Two real number values
3268: This Python script multiplies each element of matrix 'v' by corresponding elements from rows/columns ‘m’. It
3269: Generates sequences used in Helmet tests.  \r"   .format(self=<object>, __doc
3270: Converts an input list of frequencies into Harmonic Frequencies.\ n  .   The harmonic mean is calculated
3271: This python method checks if one hand is better than another. It returns True when player 1's choice wins against Player
3272: A recursive implementation of an algorithm to compute sums over two hales. The input list is split into equal parts, each
3273: Calculates area of polygon with given perimeters in pixels. The formula used is derived from geometry's definition.\r
3274: This python script is used to split an input string into two parts based upon '==' symbol.\  It returns list of
3275: Checks whether given string contains only hexadecimal digits.\  Returns true when it'll be possible to convert
3276: Builds string from tokens.  \r"   .format() is used to format strings in python.\t' '.
3277: This is used to fix size of string. It will add extra spaces at end until length reaches given number.\  If original
3278: This python method replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers, thus preventing
3279: Converts string to boolean value.\r'  # noqa E5428, ignore whitespace in
3280: This Python script checks whether given string 'is palidromic' by comparing characters from both ends of input. If they
3281: Filters out all non matching prices from given array of restaurant's price.  It takes two parameters - an input that
3282: This python script checks whether gaussian optimization has convergeed successfully by checking specific string from output of Gaussian Optimization.\r
3283: Determines whether two strings are permutations of each other. This implementation uses ASCII values to count character occurrences."
3284: Creates an identifier string based upon various parameters of experiment.  This is used to uniquely identify experiments in storage/retriev
3285: Parses species name from input string, returning either hgXXX based upon suffix of underscore "_".  If
3286: This python script is used to sort two given matrices based upon their first elements. If they are equal then it will continue with
3287: Convert input in min to hour format. \'//\' operator is used as integer division, '\''%‘’ sign
3288: Adds two vectors.  The input is expected to be lists of equal length with numbers only as elements.\r'
3289: Calculates binomial coefficient C_NK using recursion. The formula is used to calculate combinations of N items taken
3290: Sets specific bits in binary representation of an integer.  \   Returns updated value after setting.\syntax:\nbits =
3291: Convert string to integer.\ n't raise ValueError exception when conversion fails .  If input isn’ t convertible into
3292: This Python method replaces all occurrences of constants in string 'str' with values from list "list". It uses
3293: Zip three lists together. The first two elements of each list are zipped into tuples while maintaining their order in
3294: A recursive filter that checks whether url contains any of given key word in it.\r's/>"  }
3295: Convert Hexadecimal Color to RGB. \r's output is an array of three integers representing rgb values
3296: Convert string to Boolean type.\  The input can be either 'True', \'False'\", \"Yes\" ,
3297: Converts strings to booleans using case insensitive comparison with 'True' &amp;#x26;&
3298: This python method converts an integer value into RGBA components. It takes in one argument which is expected to be of type
3299: Convert number to corresponding letter in alphabetical order. For example, 'num_toletter' is used with input of
3300: Returns True when an object is not None, otherwise returns false.  \   Ends with .end() method to close
3301: Retrieves an entry from JSON object. If not found it raises error with message "Attribute '{attr}' cannot be
3302: Returns path to working directory of Avalon.\ndef getenv(): \tReturns environment variable value.def setlocale(\
3303: Change attribute of an object to public. \r  Return explicit.\t'%(prop)' is unknown."   .
3304: This python method returns whether there is an 'on' value in specific position of given number. If it exists then gives output
3305: This Python script checks whether an input list of strings contains any string with 'covid' in uppercase. If it finds
3306: Computes two 4D points' Cross Product in three dimensions.\r   \tParameters : input lists of length at
3307: A Python method that counts how many digtis are in an integer. It uses recursion to count each digit of number by
3308: Creates an indicator level based off of project type.  Returns note, warning etc depending upon inputted parameter."   [
3309: Check whether an argument is constant integer. If it's none then raises error otherwise returns true.\  "   }]
3310: Compare two JSON objects to see whether they are equivalent in structure but different values.\  Returns true when equal; false otherwise .
3311: Checks whether given line of text contains only whitespace characters. If yes then returns true else false.\ n"   }
3312: A recursive implementation of an operation that repeats another operations. The result is obtained by applying 'repeated' to
3313: This Python method checks whether three given lengths can form an equilateral triangle.  It returns true only when all inputs are
3314: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. This will be displayed in case of
3315: A Python implementation of Binary Search Algorithm. It takes in two parameters - an array/list 'sample' containing elements to
3316: This is an example of linear regression model. It's used to predict y based off two variables, 'X'. The
3317: Removes all line ending characters from input list of strings.  This is useful when working with text files where each record ends
3318: This Python script converts voltage to degree of an electromagnetic field's rotation around one axis, given by 'offset'.
3319: This python script defines an operation to darker/lightens colors based off of given factors.\ n'tably it takes
3320: Function to determine whether an input number is Miller's OR Webb’ snoozes.  Returns 'Miller
3321: This is an implementation of Wigner's formula in Python.\ n  .   The result will be equivalent to using
3322: A utility to check whether an inputted filename matches any of several patterns in .git/info/.ignores.\u
3323: Clean input by removing punctuation, converting to lowercase.  Returns list of cleaned up sentencess from given texts.\
3324: A helper method that checks whether all elements of one list are present within another.  It uses recursion to traverse both
3325: Analyze data drifts in datasets.\t  "   .strip() ---> This is used to detect if there
3326: Converts an ordered dictionary to regular python dict object  .   "Conversion" is done based first by taking out
3327: A recursive implementation of Fermats Little Theorem. It checks whether given number is prime by checking divisibility up to that
3328: This python script checks whether there is any winning combination in vertical victory line.  It returns true when it finds such an arrangement
3329: This Python Function Adjusts all rows in 'list' to have equal length by appending "-" until they reach maximum
3330: Convert an array of coordinates into 2D arrays. Each subarray contains each coordinate within that particular "ring" as flo
3331: A recursive method to determine whether text contains any of given set strings as substrings in order from first string till last one
3332: This Python method converts an input string to either uppercase/ lower case based upon whether it is passed in 'True'
3333: This Python script calculates grants based off of two parameters last & requests weighted.\ncode is used to generate grant codes that
3334: This python method returns volume size in MB. It takes an input of 'volumne' which is assumed to be given
3335: Removes all spaces & tabs from input string. The helper recursively goes through each character in given text until it reaches end
3336: A Python implementation of converting an input number in sec into hours, minutes & second format. The output is formatted as "HH
3337: This python script calculates chunk sizes based upon maximum possible time to process responses. It takes into account both actual processing times as
3338: Returns value of element at index 'k' in array ‘Q’. The result is multiplied by factor constant K
3339: Checks if two given interval pairs intersect. If they do then returns True else False.\ndef get_interval(): \r
3340: This python method takes two parameters. It multiplies first parameter by second one minus One.\r's output is returned as
3341: Removes trailing digits from an alphanumerical string. This is useful when you want to get rid of version
3342: Returns an element from given graph at specified position. If it's part of multiple graphs then returns first one in case there
3343: Convert string to title case with spaces between each word, e..g., "this is an example" -> This Is
3344: Checks if section has exactly two lines.  If not, returns False; otherwise True.\r's"   .
3345: Calculates velocity after given amount of Time.  \r   \t"Initial Velocities", "Acceleration
3346: Convert RGB color to HEX. Converts an input of three numbers between   range[o , o] into hex
3347: Filters out all items in 'unit' that do not have '_desingation" nor "_Cost".  Returns only
3348: Converts LandSat Lookup URL to Sentry 2 bucket format.\t   .'     \''))),
3349: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`(end of python
3350: This python script checks whether every character in input is numerically.  If it finds any non number characters, then returns false
3351: Removes hyphenated strings from input list of sentences, replacing them with spaces to create unbroken phrases  .   It
3352: This python script calculates how many times an increasing sequence of three numbers is present in input list. The first two elements are
3353: This Python method checks whether one abbreviation matches another. It compares two strings character bycharacter from left to right until it
3354: Extract user id from JWT token.  This is used to identify which users are accessing resources in our application .
3355: Function to convert years into standardized format. If input is greater than ~4 digits, returns as it was.\r
3356: This Python method returns an appropriate string representation of inputted axes types, either in lowercase form ("p", “
3357: This python program checks whether all digtis are unique. It uses recursion to iteratively compare each digit with every other one
3358: This Python method rounds up to nearest multiple of given number. If input is already divisible by target then it returns same value
3359: Calculates speed in mpg.  \r"   .format() is used to insert variables into strings.\s*
3360: This python script filters out points that are less than 85% of their original value, effectively reducing noise in data analysis
3361: Converts binary number to decimal.  The input is reversing of given Binary Number, then converting each digit into
3362: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. The primary functionality is to calculate each number in series up until '
3363: Returns list of indices corresponding to items found within given examples set 'Examples'.  This is used when generating item embeddings
3364: A recursive implementation of Fibo sequence. It calculates Nth number in Fabio's Sequence using Rec
3365: This python script returns youtube video's url of specific YouTube Channel.\ n  .   \t"Snippets
3366: Transposes an input list of lists.  For example, given [[a , b ], ... ] it returns[[b，
3367: This Python script calculates power of numbers from 2 to n with given volume. It uses modular arithmetic operation which is
3368: Returns true only when every element in iterator is truthy. If no elements are found to be falsish, it returns
3369: Checks whether one rectangle's endpoints overlap with another.  If so returns true; otherwise false.\r"
3370: Checks if an object has .exampledag extension.  \r   This can be used to identify whether it
3371: Returns last component of given file system paths.\  [...]'s output is always one word, no matter how long it
3372: Returns an array containing exitcode, exittype as per given dictionary.  This is used to identify whether any error occurred
3373: This Python script calculates an approximate value of Swap Rate based upon two given parameters. The inputs are assumed to be in
3374: Parses string to floating point number with default value of zero in case it's not possible otherwise returns parsed result.\
3375: A recursive method to find valid entries from nested dictionary.  It starts with given list of keys then checks each level until
3376: This python script joins strings in list using comma as separator. The input is expected to be an array of Strings.\
3377: This Python method takes as input an object that can be transformed into another form. It recursively transform each element of it to
3378: Calculates correlation between two sets of data points.  The result is normalized to be in range [−1 , +�
3379: A quadratic equation generator.  Returns y value based off of inputted coefficients.\ n   .'s/^2"
3380: This python method sorts an array of integers using Merge Sort algorithm. It is used to sort lists containing numbers from smallest integer
3381: This Python script extract all paragraph texts from web page content.\r'   .strip())[:52] + '...
3382: Compares two pairs of numbers. If first number in each pair is greater than second one then returns true otherwise false.\r
3383: Merge two lists into one. If source list is smaller than target then use it as reference.\r  Otherwise take from
3384: This python method checks whether an input string represents valid social security number. It returns true only when it's 9 dig
3385: This python method is used to extract user from CNAME record.\ n  .   \t"getUserFromCName
3386: This is an implementation of Observation algorithm. It calculates maximum possible sum by choosing elements from given list such that no
3387: This Python script defines an algorithm to calculate grid sizes. It returns reverses of all subgrids in given 2D
3388: This Python method converts all semicolons in string to URL encoded format.  It is used by some web servers that
3389: This python method returns all input files from given list of paths. It recursively traverses through directories to find any file
3390: Calculates percentage of change in EUROPEAN currency.  It takes as input two parameters : Delta value which is
3391: Transforms an input string into list of strings by splitting it at each comma, ignoring leading/trailing whitespaces in
3392: Implemented Sigmoidal Function to convert input into probability between [].'   }]}]}],[{ "
3393: A Python implementation of Fibo sequence using recursion. It generates nth term in series where each next value is sum
3394: Convert string to ASCII Hexadecimal representation.\ n  .'s     >>> print(''.hexdump
3395: A recursive matching algorithm that checks whether two strings are abbreviated versions of each other. It uses wildcard characters to represent
3396: Calculates tangent of input in radians to sine with equivalent output between [-π/∞, +] range.\
3397: This python script checks whether given string is balanced. It uses recursion to solve it.\Z'   \z"."
3398: Generates model file name based upon given language codes .  This is used in training models with different languages by naming them
3399: Parses components of genomic data. Returns information about genes in each component as well their associated ranges.\r' \
3400: Returns an RGB color with adjusted saturation.  The input is expected to be three values between  1 - .987
3401: Generates URLs to access methods in Private API.  \ n   For example, if method is 'get', it
3402: This Python script checks whether an input file is in binary format by checking to see that it starts from Original Denture string
3403: This Python script enables / disables an OS Service.\ n'  # noqa E5142   //
3404: This python script is used to lookup security Group ID based upon VPC id & Name of Security Groups.\s  It
3405: This Python method returns an active trading rate based upon user input. If there is no such id found it will default to false
3406: This python script finds start of first occurrence in an increasing order within given range. It uses recursion to traverse through elements
3407: Calculates gradient of log pdf with respect to parameters 'a' & ''b'' in beta distribution.\ndoes not compute
3408: Returns intersection of two axis aligned boundaries.  If they do not intersect then returns None.\r's output is an array
3409: This python script calculates Receptives Field Pooling. It takes as input two parameters - Kernel size of Convolutional
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to string.  This is used in playbooks/tasks where we need output from running
3411: This Python script counts all edges of links present within an array.  It takes as input, one list containing arrays representing different
3412: This Python method filters an array based upon another list of values. It returns all elements in 'InputList' that are present
3413: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor.  The primary goal is efficiency as
3414: This python script fixes mount names in city reports by checking whether they start with 'MT.'.\ n  If so, it
3415: Returns an emonitor string with inputted mac address.  \r"   .format() method is used to format
3416: Converts comma separated strings into lists of items.\  'str' to list conversion.'   "'" .'''\
3417: Calculates Luminance of an RGB value. \r"   .format() is used to insert variables into strings in
3418: This python method rounds down to nearest multiple of given number.  It is used in various calculations where we need floor division operation
3419: Returns an object's non nullable attribute. If it is None then returns provided fallback.\r  \t
3420: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   .     [ ] -> The program converts images from
3421: Returns 's' when input is of type `str`, otherwise raises an error.  If it returns something other than
3422: This is an equation that calculates how many times one can fit seven twelveths in two boxes. The formula
3423: Returns an appropriate C/Cpp extension based upon input. If no match found, returns original string.\end of line"
3424: Returns an italiased version of inputted text.  For example:\ntext = 'hello'\nspecial_text
3425: This Python script splits nested dictionary into flat list of keys.\s  It'll be used to extract all unique key
3426: Merge two lists of dictionaries based upon their values at specified key. The result is sorted list with all elements from both
3427: A recursive implementation of zero.  The primary functionality is to generate an array representation in reverse order from input number 'U
3428: Returns True if word is between length of two to four hundred characters long. Otherwise, returns False.\t   "Acceptable
3429: Returns True if at least one item from list 'test' exists within string. Otherwise returns False  .   [Optional]
3430: Toggles bit at given offset in integer value.\ n  Returns new modified int. \tExample:\ntoggleBit
3431: Checks if an operator string matches any of our comparison operators.  \r'   .format() method returns formatted version
3432: This Python method calculates relation between two values. It returns zero when both inputs are close to each other in absolute value due
3433: A python method that takes in an app's full path, splits it into components by '.' symbol to extract just
3434: A recursive implementation of FIBONACCI sequence. It is used to calculate fibonacci numbers using dynamic programming
3435: Function to convert input into string format. If it's already an array/string then returns as such otherwise raises error about
3436: This python script checks whether all characters in string are alphabets. If yes then returns True otherwise False.\t
3437: Generates RGB color based off of position in circular pattern. The colors are cycling through different hues from red to blue
3438: Computes an elementwise product of two lists. The input is assumed to be sorted by their first elements in ascending order
3439: Returns all divisor numbers of an integer.  \r"   .format() is used to format output string with variables
3440: A Python implementation of removing all vowels from an inputted text using recursion.\s'   # Add more details as
3441: Returns number of coefficients needed to approximate polynomial with given degrees.  For example,\ncoeff_count = [49
3442: Removes 'additional' from wording of an email header, leaving only author name – if present in original string
3443: This Python method checks whether an input list of strings, represented as lists containing string elements. If all empty/null values are
3444: Returns RGBA color values as floats in range of[1/64]. The input is expected to be integers between
3445: Checks whether given input can safely cast to an integer/floating point type without causing program execution time exceeding specified limit
3446: A cubic ease out animation. \r's position is reduced by one, then it returns an easing curve that starts
3447: "将字符串中的所有数字替代为它们的单词等价物"   . ```python
3448: Masks an IP address with given number of leading zeros. The result is another valid IPv4 Address that has only one
3449: Multiplies each element of vector 'vector' by scalar value.  Returns new multiplied vectors as output.\r'' \
3450: This Python method calculates an integer value based upon input parameters. It takes two arguments - 'Level' which is used to
3451: A python implementation of checking whether given inputted text/sentence forms palidromic.  It checks first character with
3452: This python method converts an integer to binary format. It takes in input as 'ONE' which is either '-1',
3453: This python script calculates CGR value based upon given parameters.  \r"   "The formula used here is derived
3454: This Python script checks whether an input string is of one type, which includes domain/services like 'mail', '/contact'
3455: Removes specified string from start/beginning.  If it'll never match then raises an error message stating that provided
3456: Limit bounding box coordinates to be within specified range.\ndoes so by applying limits such that all four corners of b
3457: This Python method checks whether an input string represents one of four cardinal directions.  It returns true when it's valid direction
3458: Convert string to index. The input is converted into an integer using two’S complement method.\r"   .strip()
3459: This python method returns three values in an array. It swaps first two elements of given list with third element's value
3460: A recursive implementation of one's complement. It generates an array representing binary representation in reverse order by flipping bits from
3461: Split string into list of substrings based upon comma delimiter.\  [ ]'comma separated values'.
3462: A Python implementation of Fibo sequence using recursion. It generates nth number in series.\r's output is
3463: This method translates an input string into one of several possible outputs based upon whether it is 'Best', ‘Worse
3464: Sorting list of ‘O’' s in ascending order. The 'I''mplemented using recursive
3465: This python method calculates an absolute difference between two sums of squares. It takes as input one list, representing each player'
3466: A Python implementation of checking whether an integer number 'is prime' using precomputed list.  If it’s found
3467: A recursive python implementation of printing right angled triangles. The input is an integer representing how many lines to print,
3468: This python script generates an underscore joined string from input name by splitting it into individual parts using split() method, then joining
3469: A recursive implementation of finding maximum element in list.  If input is empty, returns '-1'. Else checks first
3470: Augments features of input dataset.  If multiple functions are provided as an argument it applies each one to every instance.\r
3471: This python script takes in an input string of format "xxx" where x are numbers.\nsplit it into three parts
3472: Shifts all bits of an integer to one position towards zero.  The result is then returned as another intger with only
3473: Calculates minimum temperature between two given temperatures.  \   # TODO add more details about functionality here .'     [END
3474: Returns only those services that have 'record' command.  It is used to filter out non recordable nodes from given node
3475: This python script calculates camera target position based off of maximum extent values provided by user.\ncenter is calculated as half difference
3476: Find all unique combinations of numbers that can be formed by using given set 'possible' with maximum number '_length'. The combination
3477: "Shuts down all GPUs when they are idle."  [...]   # Add more details if needed. This is
3478: Calculates heat transfer coefficient of water at given temperature in Kelvin, using empirical formula derived from experimental data.\r
3479: Funcao que retorna o numero de palvra diferente na linguagem natural.\  .   \
3480: This Python method checks whether an author is part of any given organization. It uses recursion to traverse through all possible combinations
3481: This python method returns RGB values of an inputted hexadecimal string. If no argument provided it will throw error "
3482: This python method pads an array with empty strings to reach length 'mcols'. If input is less than required it returns original
3483: This python method returns one of two shapes based upon their number static dimensions. If both have same amount then it will choose first
3484: Returns high byte of an unsigned integer. \r   The bitwise shift operator '>>' is used to divide val by
3485: Converts an Event Name to Number, used in calculating baseline values.\ n't use regex here as it is not
3486: This python script takes an array of strings as input 'filter' which are to be applied before filtering out non matching ones from
3487: This is an implementation of binary decision rule. It takes two parameters - 'indiscreet' & "differences"
3488: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. \r"   .strip() ) ###
3489: Computes an estimate of mean with increments. The first data point provides initial value while subsequent points are weighted by their distance
3490: A recursive implementation of Fibo sequence. It calculates Nth number in series using previous two numbers as inputs to
3491: This python method retrieves value from json data using given dictionary object.\ n  If no such Key exists in Json then it
3492: Filters out all entries in 'DetectionList' that do not match with given category.  Returns only those which have
3493: A recursive implementation of calculating Factorial. \r"   }]' },{ 'id': { "$oid
3494: Returns True if 'sudo apt dist upgrade' is used, False otherwise.  \r   This checks whether an input string
3495: Returns inputted strings, but only upto 145 characters. If it exceeds that limit then returns an error message
3496: Returns an object that checks if field is less than equal to given 'value'.  \r   It's used in
3497: This Python method converts input into string format. If it's not already in that form then convert to one.\z
3498: Returns an URL to access NavItiA API with specific coverage status.  If no name is provided, it defaults back
3499: Split comma separated strings into sets of unique elements, ignoring leading/trailing whitespace  .   [1pt
3500: Removes all non numeric characters from input string, including '.' , '-','/'.  Returns cleaned version of given
3501: Calculates reward based off of current state. The negative sign is used to encourage exploration in learning algorithms like Q Learning etc.\
3502: Modify output formatting based upon mode. If 'debug' is selected then prefix with ```dbg .` otherwise
3503: Calculates all possible combinations of choosing k elements from an array. The order in which they are chosen matters.\r's
3504: This python script calculates two probabilities of getting 'H' in each coin toss.  The output is an array with probability
3505: A simple implementation of clipping in numpy array. It checks each element to see whether it falls within given range.\ n
3506: A Python method that checks if an input number equals to it's reverse.  It returns True when palidromic
3507: Compares two strings case insensitive.\nsame text if they are identical in both cases,\nchecking only al
3508: Removes all occurrences of given string in python's map/filter functions  .   "def" keyword is
3509: Aggregates string content from an array of elements.  The output is concatenated strings in reverse order as per input sequence
3510: This python method returns start of each group in an array. It calculates starting point based off current position, taking into account
3511: This Python script creates an array of two elements that represent one piece's ends. The first element is calculated by subtracting
3512: Function to convert first letter of string into uppercase.\r's"   }], "output": [{"description":"
3513: Converts Celsius to Fahrenheit. \ n   Input is an integer representing degrees in celc
3514: This Python method pads sequences to have equal length by appending zeros.  It is used when training recurrent neural networks
3515: Parses GFF Attributes string into dictionary format where key is field name, value of that particular feature's corresponding
3516: Returns current directory as string. If given an absolute file/directory name, returns that one too.\  [...]'
3517: Returns URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs.\ n  .   \t http:\/\/.\/www..
3518: Checks if one string's characters are less than equal to another in terms of length.\  Returns True when it matches
3519: Removes XML extension from file names.  \   . If there is no xml, it returns original name.\Z'
3520: Calculates Mean Percentual Error between two lists of predicted values.  This is used to evaluate model performance by comparing
3521: A recursive implementation of reversing string. The input is an array, where each element represents one character in reverse order.\
3522: Converts Mile to KM.\r's   . \t"     ,,,,.     ` `,
3523: Computes Fibonacci sequence using iterative method. The input is an integer 'N' which represents position of
3524: Add two signed byte values. \'&\' operator is used to ensure result fits within an unsigned char range.\r"
3525: This Python script converts an input string into reverses order of individual word in it, keeping spaces between them.\  It
3526: This python script is used to identify whether it's preprocessing, executing phase information ,or post processing.  It checks
3527: Smooth step is used to interpolation between two values. It's useful in many applications where we want our value changes
3528: This python program defines an XOR operation between two numbers in base N. The result is represented as string of characters from ASC
3529: Checks whether an integer is in binary representation of '16'.\ n . Returns true when input number has bit set
3530: This Python script finds all uppercase letters from given string.\s  It returns them as one line separated by comma, without
3531: Converts string to boolean, with support of yes/YES / TRUE , no/-NO  & FALSE . Ra
3532: This python script checks if incoming message starts with 'Search:' command.  If it's true, then returns True else
3533: Initializes an empty grid of probabilities, representing agent' s initial state/bias in each cell  .   The result
3534: Calculates average salary between two salaries.\ n   Parameters : Two parameters - 'starting' & ending of an
3535: Finds minimum value of list excluding zeroes. If all values are zeros, returns None.\r'  .
3536: Counts number of bits in binary representation. \'Int\' is an integer input to be converted into it’ sbinary
3537: Returns string representation of number in given units newer than provided.  For example newersThan1Day returns '2 days
3538: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. \ n   Example usage:\ncel = int
3539: Returns last column of inputted 2D list. \'Matrix\' is expected to be square, ie., number
3540: This python method checks if two strings are in 'same state' i.e., they have exactly one character that is identical
3541: This python script returns information about upcoming races based upon inputted time events of each individual racer's current position within their
3542: Finds all possible positions of 'mark' in grid. Returns count as integer.\nspecified by the user input parameters
3543: Returns list of all possible variations to represent 'nothing' in various programming languages  .   """     )" }]},
3544: A scan of an array with varying heights. The result is returned as two separate arrays one representing each layer's position in
3545: Adds content to an HTML document. The new added html is returned as output.\ncode example:\ndoc = open
3546: This Python method calculates maximum depth of binary tree. It uses recursion to traverse through each level in order from root
3547: This python method checks whether an image file path exists. If it doesn't exist, then returns true; otherwise false
3548: Checks if given string is 'Freezers' – returns True when it’s freezing, False otherwise.\
3549: A python method to find out which is greater of two numbers. The input parameter 'x' determines whether it returns one value
3550: Calculates squared Euclidean distance between two points.  The formula is used in linear regression analysis to calculate error of prediction
3551: This Python method converts an array's depth to double. It takes as parameter one dimensional tensor of four dimensions with length
3552: "A helper to generate error messages about incorrect types in python functions".  [END]  ```python ```def check
3553: Computes intersection of two intervals. If one/both ends are missing then returns either end's respective value from first input
3554: Returns formatted string of cluster name followed by brackets with nodes inside.  For example "c1[a]" .
3555: Divides two numbers. If argument is zero it returns Zero.\ n's output will be of type float .
3556: Checks if coordinates of given object are within range.  Returns True when in, False otherwise .   [...]'s
3557: Parses GBI Yiq Tolerance tags. Returns appropriate string based upon presence of specific prefix/suffix.\
3558: Calculates radius of curvature from mass energy eV/c^4 to magnetic field strength BTU.\  \
3559: This Python method checks whether given string is footer of MMF file. It returns true when it finds either '----'
3560: Computes Greatest Common Divisors of two numbers.  The GCD is defined as largest number that divides both
3561: Generates tups of mixture weights index names. \'Indexes\' are generated based off naming convention 'mix{
3562: Removes non ASCII characters from input strings.\s  .   \t    `only as ci i n s `
3563: This python script calculates output power consumption of an electrical system.  It uses Gauss's law to calculate energy consumed
3564: Generates unique identifier of tile based upon coordinates.  This is used to identify which tiles are in play when playing game with
3565: Returns dictionary where keys are class names from classes list to values indices of that particular name .  This is used when we want
3566: Returns AQUALIFICATION LEVEL based upon Air Quality Index. The higher,the better .   [END]'
3567: Returns ratios of corresponding elements from two lists. If lengths are unequal it raises an error.\r  .   \t
3568: This Python Function checks whether two given marks are equal. If they're not it returns false otherwise true.\r"
3569: A simple implementation of Binary Search algorithm. It returns index where an element is found in sorted array.\ n" .format
3570: Rescales an input value from one range to another.  The formula used is derived by applying linear transformation in order.\
3571: This python script calculates alpha & beta coefficients of Rayleigh distribution.\ n  .   \t'bet': is
3572: Shifts bits of an integer to right. This is equivalent with dividing by pow2^N where N=bits in
3573: This Python method calculates rank of an element in singular value list. It uses recursion to find out whether given number is
3574: Truncates size to nearest multiple of 5. If number has more than two decimal places, rounds it downwards by
3575: A Python implementation of Fibo sequence. It generates an element at position 'index' in series using recursion.\r
3576: Converts an Oxford comma text into list format using recursion.\  The input is assumed to be in English language with
3577: Returns new_list by applying division operation to each element of inputted array.  The result is an equivalent version where all
3578: This python method takes two parameters level & maximum value. It returns calculated floating point number based upon given levels of parameterization.\
3579: This python method checks whether an inputted value exists within another list. It returns true when it finds matching values else false.\
3580: Calculates variance of an array with 'p' probability elements that are true.  The formula used is based off binom
3581: This python script calculates how many friends are linked to one friend. It checks each member's ID, then increments
3582: Returns time truncated to minutes. This is useful when you want your timestamps in one minute intervals only, e..
3583: A recursive method to handle multiple prints. It checks whether there are any requests left in 'fire' list; If yes
3584: Convert an input triplets into UCSC format.  For example, ('A', 'B' ,567
3585: This Python program calculates square of each number up to 'N' using recursion. It returns total squared numbers from
3586: Returns only instance id from ec – Reservations -> Instance Id .   [EC ]"     Description :
3587: Calculates distance between two points in 4D space. The coordinates of each point are given as tuples with four
3588: Returns Sensor Network Metadata Language - JSON Record. \r   .'s data from given URN.\t
3589: Clean column names by removing square brackets.  If first character of string is "[" then remove it, otherwise keep as
3590: Parses an object to get it'd be used as msg id.\ n  If not valid then returns original string
3591: Calculates air resistance based off of given pressure P in Pascal.\r's output is calculated as per formula used by
3592: Returns value wrapped around to be within range of [min inclusive , Max Inclusively] by applying modulo operation.
3593: Calculates heat transfer coefficient in rectangular cross section.\ n't used directly by users but can be useful to calculate other parameters
3594: This python script returns all distinct label names from given list of line labes. It uses recursion to find out those elements
3595: This python method is used to set device in current user's sessions.  It checks whether it supports certain types of devices
3596: Returns an array of absolute differences between corresponding elements in two color arrays.  The colors are assumed to be represented as tup
3597: This python method checks whether given color is within range of acceptable RGB values. It returns True when it's in accepted value
3598: Checks whether first element of list is equal to last one. If yes, returns True; otherwise ->False.\t
3599: A dictionary based method to find an item in it by key.\ n  If not found then returns false .   \nn
3600: This is an implementation of Sigmoidal activation functions in Python.\Z   .'s output will be between [a,
3601: This python script converts numbers to Fizzy Buzze. It takes in an array of integers as input.\r
3602: Finish upgrading tar ball install. \r  This is used to clean up after an upgrade of .NET Core SDK
3603: This Python method merges two sorted lists of integers into one. It is used to sort an array by using binary search algorithm
3604: Calculates GINI index of an array. The calculation is based off classes values provided.\r's/>',
3605: This python script replaces all instances of one string with another in an inputted text by using regular expressions .  \
3606: This is an example of how to define functions that handle different types.\ n's primary role would be as partofthe
3607: Returns list of keys to be used in linking tables.  \ncode is linked with other functions that create, update ,
3608: This python script is designed to identify whether an input string contains any of several COVID related terms, such as 'CoronaV
3609: A helper method to check if value is out of range.  It checks whether given input falls within specified lower limit & upper
3610: Replace URLs with specific string at end of each path segment."  # noqa E5428
3611: Build an extension with given parameter names & values.\r  \t   Parameters are used to specify additional configuration details when
3612: Wraps JavaScript in HTML tags.  This is useful when embedding JS within an html file to ensure it runs as expected
3613: Check if given string starts with "required" keyword.\r's     >>>is_requirments('Required')
3614: Implementa una función que recibe un string como parámetro y devuelve el mensaje de bienvenida.  [...]
3615: Returns True if string starts with specified value; otherwise False.\t  [END]   \r">'</
3616: A Python Function to Check if an Integer Is Even. \'True\' If even, 'False’ Otherwise.'   .
3617: Returns an uppercase letter corresponding to inputted index. If it's less than two, returns 'A'. Otherwise conver
3618: Convert spherical coordinates to latitude/longitudes.  The input is assumed as [radius in km], output will be long
3619: This python script parses an output list into string format. It joins elements of that array in to one single line separated by
3620: Returns only domain name from given IP address.\r  \t   "Example:\x9 ..... .com" -
3621: This python method calculates whether two numbers are equal. It returns True when both inputs have same value otherwise False.\ n
3622: Split string into list of substrings. The input is one long text file line by ‘line’; each sub
3623: This Python script defines an auxiliary method to find out maximum length of strings in list. It is used by other functions that need
3624: A Python implementation of checking whether an input string s reads same backward as forward.  It uses recursion to compare characters from
3625: Returns list of differences between consecutive elements in an inputted oddly sorted array. If there are no more than two numbers left
3626: "The conversion of an image to grayscale failed"   . ```python.convert_to(image,
3627: This python program checks whether it is possible to make exactly 2x chocolates with 'big' bags of bigger than
3628: A recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. The primary functionality involves generating an integer value at index 'position'
3629: Update only existing keys from second dictionary to first one while keeping other values as is.\r  \t   This will be
3630: This python method returns an authorisation header with Bearertoken.  \rThis is used to authenticated requests in
3631: Checks whether an object has key 'k'.\r  \t   "json" module is used to handle JSON
3632: This python script defines an inversion method that uses differentiation to find local minima of given functions. It is used by
3633: Calculates the total cost of manufacturing goods.  \nm is material costs per unit,\ng stands as gross output rate.\
3634: This python method fixes length of given input by adding False values to make it equal in size with required number.  If current
3635: Convert names to HTML title formatting, ie., capitalize first letter of each word except last one.\r  .
3636: Returns filename based off of metallicities values. 1=very metal ,2=  fair .5 =  average  4
3637: This Python method checks whether an HTTP request is in progress by checking that it ends with "k". It returns True when such
3638: Returns ""_embbed"" when embedded manifest is True, otherwise returns an empty string.  """   # noqa
3639: Convert all non digit characters to {} in input strings.\s  .e g, "12abc" -> {"
3640: This is an example of how to define Python functions. It calculates some complex mathematical expression based upon input 'X'.
3641: This Python script checks if given string s reads same backward as forward.  It returns True when it'll be palid
3642: This python script calculates an estimate of future value based off given parameters. It takes in three arguments - 'Grow'
3643: This Python method takes two lists as input. It returns an new combined sorted version of these inputs where elements from both original arrays
3644: Calculates mid point index of an array. If length is odd then returns middle value.\nexample : [5] =>
3645: This Python script generates three lists based off of an input list 'personnel'. The first two elements are waiting times to receive
3646: Returns True if player can win with optimal strategy, else False. The game is played in which two players take turns to remove
3647: Converts numbers to their base two logarithm. If input isn't valid it returns an error message."   }
3648: Convert frequency string to description.  For example, convert 'HR' into hourily data points etc... .   [END
3649: A simple python program that prints out an argument list.\t  }'s output is after crulling it to make
3650: This Python method reverses an input string, but only when it is preceded by "-".  If no such prefix exists
3651: This python method checks if three points are in counterclockwise order.  It returns True when they're clock wise otherwise
3652: This python script sorts an input list of lists. It first removes duplicates, then it recursively splits each element into
3653: Returns an array with dict name as first element followed by 'x' then given keyword.  This is used to generate unique
3654: Checks whether given value can be considered as an integer.  \N{GRINTS} .   """'s
3655: Calculates ratio of two numbers.  \r   The result is between [1;2]. If one number exceeds another
3656: Returns target position based upon direction of movement.\r'  # noqa E46 ansible linting
3657: Generates unique ids by mapping names to their corresponding indices. If given an existing named entity it returns that index otherwise generates
3658: A Python implementation of Fibonacci sequence. The primary functionality is to generate an element at index 'count' in
3659: Calculates Harmonic Mean of list elements.  The input is an array, which contains real numbers.\r'
3660: Convert negative index values to positive. If an element is less than 1 but greaterthan zero then it will be converted into
3661: Returns foreign keys from database.  If no key provided returns all primary/unique identifiers in table."   .strip()
3662: A simple python method to calculate average of two numbers.\r's output:\t15 \nsample input:[7
3663: This Python script defines an object that sets target coordinates.  It takes in four parameters - magnitude of earthquake event to be
3664: This is an implementation of linear interpolation. It scales old values to new range.\ n't just between two points but
3665: Convert seconds to samples.  The conversion is based off of sample rate.\ n:\nthe number in second that you want
3666: This python method formats dates in ISO format to YYYY/MMDDTHH2DMLSSS. If input
3667: Parses an input string of comma separated agent names with their counts, reversed order.\r'  .strip()
3668: Returns IAM role ARN of Lambda Basic Execution.  [...]   .format() is used to format account
3669: A Python implementation of calculating area using base &amp; heigth. \rThis is an example to understand how functions
3670: A Python implementation of cubing an inputted integer. \ n This is useful in various applications such as calculating volume, surface
3671: This python script checks if source object has type of git/ github. \r"   .format() will be replaced
3672: Calculates distance between two points in 4D space.\ n .   \t.. .....'s     >>>
3673: Calculates how much energy is used to move from one position. The input list contains all positions that can be reached by moving
3674: Adds two lists of numbers together. If input is not valid an error will occur when trying to add them up due their
3675: This Python script converts an input string to "Atbash" cipher text by reversing each character of given sentence,
3676: A simple wrapper around python's built in __eq__ method to provide custom behavior.  It allows you specify how two
3677: Converts speed from miles per hour to kilometers/hour.\ n't use any external libraries except builtin
3678: Returns subnumber of an episode.  \r   This is used to get unique identifier from each show's episodes.\
3679: A python implementation of checking whether an input integer can be divided by any other integers. If it cannot, then returns true otherwise
3680: Convert Disk Name to Mount Point.  This is used in mounting disks using mount command line utility .   \r's
3681: This python method returns an array of two points that define one side edge in pixel coordinates. The orientation parameter determines which end point
3682: Flatens nested dictionary into one level deep.\  Returns original input when it's already at maximum depth of nesting i
3683: This method calculates an index of IR frame based off RGB value.  It takes in two parameters - RGV color
3684: This python method returns radius of an object from given point. If no such attributes exists then it will raise exception.\>'
3685: Check whether given data has nested keys.\ n . 1st line -> Function name \'check\' to check dictionary
3686: Returns day with highest value of inactivity in given time line.\r's/gilfoyle@gmail .
3687: Calculates Dot Product of two vectors.  The result is scalar value representing similarity between v &w; .   \
3688: This python method checks if an integer is divisible by any of given numbers. It returns True when it finds such number else
3689: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`"Conversion of
3690: Remaps years to be between [start, end] range. If given an out of bound value it returns that as is
3691: This python script encodes an input text using Caesar Cipher. It takes two arguments - plaintext to be encrypted & number
3692: This python script calculates two lists of times based off records from different types patient groups within an individual' s record set.\
3693: This Python method converts an integer coordinate into corresponding 2D coordinates. It is used in various algorithms that require conversion of
3694: A recursive implementation of addition without using '+' operator.  It uses bitwise operations to perform binary additions.\
3695: Convert Mileage into Feets. \r"   }]}]]]."}], "output": {"stdout
3696: Checks whether coda fits within given duration index. If it doesn't, raises an error indicating that no data was
3697: Returns an approximation of one over two raised to power given by input parameter.\ n . The Laplacian scale is used
3698: Finds headers within given list of strings.\r' \ n 'Headers are defined as consecutive identical blocks.'   . r
3699: Counts successful go trials & no gos.  Returns as list of counts.\r'   }]', '[
3700: This Python script returns length of input string.  \r"   .'s/\\/\t//g; s
3701: Compare two SQL statements. If they are equal returns True otherwise false.\r'  .strip()   # remove leading/
3702: Returns unique elements from an input sequence. The order of output is determined by original list but no repetition allowed.\r'
3703: This python script converts text into an appropriate number of leading whitespace characters to make it more readable by humans, similar
3704: Returns list of operating systems available in system.  If no argument is passed, it returns default set os names."   [
3705: A Python Function to Check Whether an Year Is Lean Or Not. It checks whether given input 'Year' falls into leap
3706: Returns id of given object.  \tCode:\tdf get\_user(_username='test', _password =
3707: This python method returns an appropriate string based upon input parameter. It checks whether given 'action' has passed, failed , canc
3708: Tests if given JSON data contains "test" key with boolean value True.\r  \t   If yes, returns
3709: Checks whether all elements of input are dictionaries with an @property.  Returns true only when they're remote lists
3710: Generates Slacker message section.  \r" + strftime("%Y/%m")+ "\".'
3711: This Python method determines whether it is possible to rotate an assembly line clock wise by moving one tool around.  If all conditions
3712: This Python script defines an internal helper method `__` that formats inputted strings into one of two forms depending upon whether they
3713: This Python method splits an array into two arrays based upon whether their first element is less than/greaterthan some given
3714: This Python method calculates an index of specific pixel in grid. The coordinates are relative to center which is calculated from total number
3715: "Return an error message when given invalid identifiers."  [e.g., if you are calling it with `IN
3716: Returns ratios of two lists.  The ratio is calculated by dividing each element in first array with corresponding elements from second one
3717: Converts string representation of number to actual floating point value. If already in decimal format returns it directly; otherwise converst
3718: This python method takes in an url of any type, splits it into components by "/", then returns last part which is
3719: This is an implementation of filter functions to handle different types ‘round’ operations. It provides functionality similar as in Python'
3720: This python script converts two integers into ansi color codes. It takes in parameters 'N' &amp;#x
3721: Checks if given list of numbers forms valid binary tree.  If it doesn't then returns False else True .
3722: Merge two dictionaries into one. If both inputs are lists then concatenates them.\ Otherwise returns an error message."
3723: This python script checks file type based upon extension of files.\ n  It returns 'False' when it cannot determine .jpg
3724: Returns an empty string when input is less than 15 characters, otherwise returns original text.   [END]"""
3725: Return an ISO formatted string of datetime object. If input is None, returns as it was passed in.\r'  .
3726: A depth first search algorithm implementation. It generates all possible combinations of binary numbers from zero to one upto n bits in length
3727: This python method returns three values based upon input parameters. The first two are derived from inputs of length one array while third is
3728: This python method checks whether an element is present inside another list. If it's not found then returns remaining points of lif
3729: This python method extends one given array by appending all elements of another. The first element from second input is added to end
3730: Preprocessing of stanze text data by removing empty strings from each line in Stanzal format.\s  .
3731: This is an implementation of some kind. It calculates something.\t  .'   '     -> \''"
3732: Returns instrument based off of given number. If not within valid range, returns false.\r's   }]], [
3733: This Python script defines an 'initialize' method that sets default values of variables related to text rendering in matplotlib plots
3734: Generates an array of values representing density ratios between two consecutive elements in ascending order.\ n . The first element is always
3735: This python program checks whether an integer number 'N' can be expressed as power of two. If it could, then returns
3736: Trims leading/trailing whitespace from string values.\  Returns an empty String when input not provided .'   }
3737: This python script splits an arithmetic expressions into individual numbers. The result will be in list format where each number represents one
3738: This Python script checks whether given file is part of Firefox' archive, try builds etc., based upon prefixes in it’
3739: Creates socket path.  The format is /temo/{HOSTNAME}_DISPLAY_{SCREEN
3740: This Python Function Returns The Cumulative Distribution of Uniform Random Variable. It returns value at any given point in
3741: A simple linear regression model.  \nslope interception form of y =mx+b .   "     }]
3742: Convert an input color in hexadecimal format to integer.  The output is equivalent of converting it into decimal form,
3743: This is an implementation of depth first search algorithm. It returns maximum height from root to leaf node in binary tree .   }
3744: This python script defines an object that calculates various statistical properties of inputted arrays. It uses recursion to calculate each property
3745: Convert one dimensional index to three dimensions grid coordinates.  The indices are assumed in row major order.\r's"
3746: Calculates distance between two points in 4D space. The distances are calculated as absolute differences of coordinates from each other .
3747: This python method converts list of 2D coordinates into bounding box. It takes as input two lists containing X &
3748: Checks whether an integer 'I' can be divided by any number in list of integers. If it cannot then returns false
3749: Convert an input list of numbers to their linearized form. If number isn't integer nor floating point it will raise error
3750: Generates an image UUID based off of VDU's details.  This is used to uniquely identify images in storage systems
3751: Calculates sum of multiples up to given number. \'Limit\' is used as upper bound in calculation.\"Mult
3752: A python implementation of counting bits in an integer. It uses recursion to calculate population counts.\r's"   }
3753: Returns URL of GNOME source repository based upon package name.\r's  .   \t..     ..      .......
3754: A recursive Python implementation of calculating Factorial. \'fact\' is used to calculate 'Fact'. The input number,
3755: This python method counts false positives/negatives. It checks all rows of labels to see whether they match with given label
3756: Calculates magnifications of two resistors.  \ n   The formula used is simple multiplication by reciprocal.\ .'
3757: Replaces all spaces in input string with HTML entity &nbps;) to prevent line breaks after it – used as placeholder
3758: A Python implementation of vectorized multiplication. It calculates scalar product between two vectors.\ n'tably used in machine learning
3759: This is an implementation of Beales method to calculate value at point in 4D space using three points given as input parameters
3760: "将字符串中的所有大写变为小数点后1位"   . ```python.
3761: Translate from one base system to zero based. This is useful when dealing with systems where numbers are represented differently but we want
3762: A generator that creates an NxN square Matrix filled with given value. The created matrices are one dimensional lists of integers where
3763: Calculates an acidity index based off of given parameters. The calculation is done in terms that are needed to calculate other indices
3764: Creates an n by m grid with given dimension 'size'.  If only one row is required then it returns single list
3765: This Python script generates all positions of dots within an array that are not at edges.\r's"   .format()
3766: Convert layer name to corresponding weights/biases names.  For example, 'conv1' -> '_kernel', etc
3767: This Python script returns input as dictionary. If not already in format of Dictionary then it converts to one.\return type :
3768: Returns URL to stock chart data from finVZ website using provided ticker symbols – used in backtesting trading strategies,
3769: Converts an array of hash frequency lists to z frequencies. This is done by mapping each element in 'hash' into
3770: Returns +/-/+ depending upon whether number is positive, negative ,or zero. \'get sign\' of an integer
3771: Calculates modal peak of two dimensional surface density.  \r   The formula is derived from molecular dynamics simulations.\t'
3772: Merge two sorted lists into one. The first element of each list is used to determine their order in merging process.\
3773: This python script checks whether an inputted number of hours into valid minute count. If it's within range then returns that
3774: Generates an evidence file with given filename.variable name .value  as content.\r's output format is txt/
3775: Calculates wave length of light in cm.  \r   Inputs are fringe spacing between two adjacent mir
3776: This python method generates an output of schema locations based upon namespaces provided as input.\r"  }]}]]]'
3777: Build an ad configuration bot' s title, subtitles & image url to be used in telegram bots.\t
3778: This python method returns Solace's IP, Port & Path in format required by solaces cloud.  \   .
3779: Checks whether an argument can be considered as unicode string.  \   . If yes then returns true otherwise false.\
3780: Returns raw competitors file path.\ndata folder is assumed to be in root directory of project, with data subfolder containing all
3781: This python method checks if given file name contains any of "Demos" , “Test”, 'Regressions
3782: This Python script converts binary seat codes into their corresponding integer values. The input is expected as strings of characters, where each
3783: A simple python implementation of addition operation.  \nmakes useable by other functions in your program.\nexample usage:\
3784: This python method checks whether given parameters exist within provided parameter set.\  It returns True when found otherwise it will false .
3785: This python method returns an integer value of inputted float by removing trailing zeros. If negative, it will remove one
3786: Convert an integer to binary string. If input is less than 4 bits, fill with zeros.\r"   }
3787: This python script calculates similarity between two given strings. It returns how similar they are by counting common characters only.\r'
3788: Convert binary to decimal. \ n       >>>bintodec('1') # '5' . The first
3789: Calculates virtual temperature from given kinetic energy of an atom in molecule with mass density 'mix'  .   "
3790: This Python script generates an unique filename from given path by removing extensions.\s  It takes as input two parameters - 'supported
3791: Returns list of file sets used by runs.  \r"   .format() is not needed if there're no
3792: Calculates an equivalent cost to pay ratio.  The input parameters are cash flows from previous periods in descending order of time
3793: This python method checks whether given three points are collinear. It returns True when they lie in same line otherwise False.\
3794: Calculates coefficients of line passing through two points.  The equation is in form `ax+by=c` where '
3795: This python script generates an array of pairs from input list 'wire' where each pair represents two consecutive elements at different layers within
3796: This python method returns an integer representing x coordinate of given point in game's grid. It takes two arguments; 'x
3797: Removes all digts from text.  The result is returned as string type without any digit in it .   Example :
3798: A simple implementation of Clamps.  It takes three parameters - number to be checked against limits.\r's output is
3799: This Python method filters out all occurrences of an inputted string in one line. It uses recursion to search through
3800: Calculates Monthy Payments of Loans with Compound Interest.\s   .'%d', year), \'\
3801: This Python method checks whether two series are equal. It compares each corresponding element of both input sequences one by another until it
3802: A Python Function to convert date in Persia format.  \r   Returns year ,month &day as list of integers
3803: Converts an array of strings into one string.  The first three elements are used to create unique identifiers, while
3804: Returns capitalized version of input string. If empty, returns an emtpy String .  [...]   # enddef
3805: This Python script calculates DOPPLER SHIFT. It takes two parameters; one is initial speed of sound in
3806: Returns an inputted object's attribute as nonnegative Integer.  If not valid raises exception with appropriate error message .
3807: Converts decimal degrees to hour/minute / second format.   \ n     The input is in degree . Output will
3808: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // TODO(user): replace with actual content. This is
3809: A cubic of an input number. \t  -> Cubes that are used in various calculations such as volume, surface
3810: A Python implementation of getting stolen binary representation. It takes an integer number as input along with required bit count to be returned in
3811: This python script checks if given file is one of MINST images, ie., it'll be either '78
3812: This Python method checks if given 'variable' is within range between min & max.  \return True/False based upon
3813: A recursive method to extract bit at position 'N' from binary representation of number. \r"   }]}]
3814: A recursive method that checks whether given keyword is present in any part of input string.\r'  }]}]}
3815: Checks whether an array of instructions matches with given sequence. If it doesn't match then returns false else true  .
3816: Creates callback data in format "<Button Type>; <Category Name/ID of Button Grouping >".  This
3817: Returns string with first 64 characters of input, but if longer than that it trims to fit within one line.\
3818: Checks whether given string can be converted to an integer that represents symbol index in symbols list.\ n   Returns true when it
3819: Returns an absolute path to given resources in Google Cloud Platform.  \r   Format is projects/{PROJECT ID}/{RE
3820: Converts string to boolean value.\ n  .   t r u e f o R T F O N Y E
3821: This Python method checks whether all characters of an input string are ASCII. It returns true only when every character has been identified
3822: Flips an input string to last, first formatting it.\  Returns name in 'first_last' order when possible
3823: This method returns copy of given FSCO Datasets.  It checks which specific types are being copied, then it
3824: Returns an item from either passed in as argument, otherwise returns false.  \'Request\' object used to fetch data.\
3825: This Python method implements an Affin Transformation. It takes 8 parameters to calculate transformed coordinates.\ n'tably transform
3826: This is an implementation of DM stepping algorithm in python.\ n'tably computes time delay between two data points based
3827: This Python script defines an extraction method that attempts to convert input strings into floats before returning them multiplied by .%.\
3828: This method is used to fetch variables from different interfaces such as DUT IP address , Gateway Interface  etc .   \
3829: Calculates superficie cubica de un cuadrado. \ n   Inputs:\nc : float, int
3830: This Python method takes two arguments - 'infinity' word to be inflected as well an English dictionary of verb
3831: Computes surface temperature from given heating flux.\ n .   The formula used is derived by solving an equation of state, which
3832: "将字符串中的所有数字替代为它们的单词等价物"   .     [1]
3833: This Python method returns all point objects within given rectangle.\s  The input is an list of Point object instances that are inside
3834: This python method reverses guarded comparison operators. It converts > to <=, <=> as well other symbols into their
3835: This python method returns account id from given input.\ n  .   \     ### ''' )]), '
3836: Generates GUID section of command line arguments.\ndoes...  \ncode:\ntmp = temp file name"
3837: Convert an integer between [min, max] to RGB color in range of two hundred fifty five colors.\r'   .
3838: Calculates percentage of responses that were classified as 'satisfactory' by an AI system.\ n  . \   The input
3839: Returns True if HTTP response is an error. False otherwise – based upon whether it's between warning level to critical errors
3840: A wrapper around functions that can be either integer/floating point numbers. If inputted value isn't an instance of
3841: This Python script defines an auxiliary method that returns maximum of two numbers.  It is used in other parts to find maxima
3842: Parses out bot unique identifier from signed URL.\ n  .   /path/to/.jpg -> jpg
3843: \tCalculates overall performance of model by combining all validation accuracies.\  "   "\r"    + str("
3844: A simple implementation of Kr�ner's delta. Returns one when inputs are equal otherwise returns zero.\t   }}}
3845: This python script takes an input string of text, splits it into individual word by space,\  replaces slashes with
3846: This python program calculates minimum cost of connecting all cities in an array. The input is list with integer values representing distances between
3847: Convert given number of milisecnd to hh::mm format.   .e..g, input=54
3848: Builds an object trailer. \r  Returns HTML string of closing div, pre tags with class 'object'.\t
3849: A Python implementation of an algorithm to calculate sums up all digts in given number. The primary functionality is by using recursion
3850: Clean name by converting to lowercase, removing leading/trailing whitespace & splitting into list of names  .   """
3851: Removes DNS name from known hosts file.\ n .ssH  is used to remove entries in ssh connection list which are
3852: This python method performs floating point division of two numbers. If divisor is zero it returns Zero as result.\s
3853: A filter that replaces spaces with an underline character "_".  This is useful when you want to convert text into lower
3854: Merge two binary trees into one.\r's output is returned as result of merging operation in case when either input
3855: Convert MIDI note number to frequency. The formula used is derived from music theory, where A = 65 in C
3856: This is an implementation of HTML tag replacement in Python, which replaces <image with corresponding AMP version ie.,  <
3857: Checks if current epoch number plus one corresponds to an even multiple of given period. This can be useful in defining when we
3858: Convert binary string to decimal.  This is useful when you want your program's output in human readable format rather than
3859: A linear interpolation between two points. The result is in range [min_value..max] where min = floor of
3860: Converts Hexadecimal color to RGB format."; .enddef">}}</code
3861: A recursive implementation of Faster exponentiation algorithm. It calculates power by squaring method, which is much more efficient
3862: This Python script defines two functions to manipulate music notation. One is used when increasing an octave of pitch by one note
3863: Calculates Hammings distance between two lists.  The input is expected to be of equal length .   Returns an integer
3864: This method builds version query parameters. If length of input is less than 5 characters, it returns 'v' + Version
3865: Generates description of fireSim tags.  This is used to generate logs in FireSIM simulation environment .   "Fire
3866: Convert input into an array of lists. If not already one dimensional.\>'  }]}, { 'code': '\
3867: Checks if an inputted directives are SSL On.  \r's output will be True when it finds s
3868: This is an implementation of Euclidean Algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses recursion method which reduces time complexity from
3869: This Python method takes in time duration as input, converts it into minute/second format. It returns string representation of given
3870: Generates dictionary with target values from integer number.  The key is index of digit, value corresponds to that digits'
3871: A Python implementation of an algorithm that replaces all instances around each consonant with specified character.  The output is then
3872: Returns URLs that contain any of given keyword.  It filters out all other links from provided url set which do not match
3873: This python method returns type of binocular vision based upon input intensity. It checks different ranges to determine which one is applicable
3874: Converts scores into ratings.  Scores range from -5 to +7, with negative values indicating poor performance
3875: This python method returns n th term of an arithmetic sequence. It takes three parameters ie., 'First Term', "
3876: This Python method pads an integer with leading zeros to make it divisible by four. If input number isn't positive
3877: Returns one minus of an integer/float number.\ n's primary functionality is to reverse sign in numbers, making it positive
3878: This Python script defines an auxiliary method to generate reversed complements of DNA sequences. The primary functionality is generating another string where
3879: Converts Celsius temperature into Farenheight scale.\ n's output is always an integer, representing degrees in
3880: A recursive binary conversion. It converts an integer to it's equivalent in Binary format using Recursion.\
3881: This python script defines two functions. The first one is used to convert phrases into their underscore separated versions while keeping only al
3882: Convert logarithmic values from one scale of measurement into another.\ndoes not include any error checking."  # noqa
3883: This python script implements an algorithm to perform renormalisation of signals by averaging every two consecutive samples in each pair, effectively
3884: Converts MIDI Note to ANSI representation. The input is assumed as an integer representing one of possible pit
3885: This is an implementation of wave generation. It generates waves with different periods at various times.\ n'tably it can be
3886: A Python implementation of finding all prime numbers up to given input. This program uses helper functions 'sum' & '_prime'.
3887: Combines like coefficients into one.  If two different variables have same coefficient then it combines them to make single variable with combined
3888: Calculates cost of painting based off content complexity & style.  \ncolor is not considered in calculation.\ndoes
3889: Checks whether there are any consecutive elements that differ from their previous element. If so it returns true else false.\t
3890: Returns display name of given object.  The format is "FamilyName : Revison".   .     [END]<
3891: Returns +/-+ depending whether number is positive, negative ,or zero .   "     }'s output will be '
3892: Compose an SQL statement to create tables with given prefixes.  The output will be used as input in another operation.\
3893: Returns first 'N' characters of string.  Shifts all other character to front by N positions.\   [...]
3894: Calculates power spectral density of dimension. \r's output is an integer that represents number os dimensions in psd.\
3895: Returns only those records from 'input' that are eligible to be included in our final output.  These criteria include latitude
3896: Generates VUE template.  \r" . strftime("%Y%m")+ "\t",   #
3897: This python script reads / proc '/' to get information about CPUs, then filters out only those processors that are part
3898: Returns an array of two elements. The first element is one plus position in binary representation.\nthe second indicates whether it'
3899: This python script generates an output string from command list. The first element of input is used as prefix, followed by recursive
3900: Converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius. \ n   Input is in degrees of freezing
3901: Calculates maximum distance between two points in K dimensions. \r   The formula is derived from geometry of distances, where it
3902: Open file in specified path. If successful returns opened object else false.\r  .   \t"     }'s
3903: This Python script generates an initial character of any string inputted into it.\s  It splits up user'input by
3904: This python method converts integers into their 2^x equivalent. It raises errors when input values are out of range.\
3905: Normalizes float value v within range [lower bound; uppper boundary] to be between 1. And returns it
3906: Parses an integer into two parts - operation codes that determine how to perform operations with arguments. The first part is simply
3907: Checks whether given input can be considered as an integer.\ n  .   \t'12'.split(' '
3908: This Python method validates whether transfer of files is successful. If it fails to copy any given filename then an exception will be
3909: A recursive implementation of lagging operation. It returns list with first element from input sequence, followed by all elements in revers
3910: Checks if an identifier is private. \r  Returns True when it starts with underscore, False otherwise.\t
3911: A simple python addition operation.  \   .'s output is returned as result of adding two numbers.\t"
3912: A brief description of your public API. This is usually used to explain how users can interact with functions in general, not necessarily
3913: Function to convert hours into minutes. \'h\' is hour, 'm’is minute.\''   .format()
3914: This python script converts all odd indexed characters in string to uppercase, while keeping even indices as they are. The
3915: Generates URLs to get tiles in different formats.  The format can be normal/default," terriary",or
3916: Compare two files' history. If both are present then it compares their histories.\  Returns true when they match otherwise
3917: Converts byte size to human readable format.  For example '5678' will be converted into `
3918: Calculates an ASCII value of each character within given string, then sums them up. The result is used as index to
3919: A Python implementation of checking whether an input string s can be rearranged to form palinromic. That means it
3920: Unwraps nested tuples to get first element of each pair.  If input isn't already in form as
3921: This python script generates an ordered sequence of predictions based upon their scores. The higher score is considered more important in prediction process.\
3922: Generates unique ids of given length.\ncode: generate_unique = True .'   }]}]}',
3923: This Python method creates an array of coordinates that form one rectangle. The input parameters are two pairs representing top left corner coordinate pair
3924: Calculates fraction of elements that are present at least once among two lists. If one list is empty then returns zero as result
3925: This python script splits data into three parts based upon comma separator in each line of text file.\r'  .
3926: Convert string into title case, ie., capitalize each word's initial letter but leave others in lowercase.\r
3927: Check whether an entry exists in database.\r's  . '   ,,,.,..''', ''')).is
3928: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // Error message. ```python`"Conversion of
3929: Calculates square of sums from begin to an endpoint. The result is calculated by squaring each number in between two given numbers
3930: This Python method sends data to specified devices. It recursively processes nested tuples/lists of tensors into their equivalent
3931: Computes flow parameter based upon given values of length 'l', volume's mass density at one point in space,'density
3932: Returns true when all elements in array are less than equal to given number. Otherwise returns false.\t  "   .strip
3933: Checks if input value can be converted to float.  \r"   "     .'s/'\t':
3934: Convert RGB color to HEX string.  The input is an array of three integers between [minRGBValue..max
3935: This Python script calculates sequence edit distance between two sequences. The input is an array of characters SC representing one string while another
3936: This python method checks whether user's password contains certain types of connections. If it finds any type then returns corresponding value otherwise
3937: Generates flake8 command to check python files.  \r"   .format(__name__) == '__main
3938: Convert log levels to colors.  Debug -> dark, Info/Success & Warning => info , Error=> danger .
3939: This Python method converts an integer between -1 to +2 into corresponding endline character. The conversion is done by mapping
3940: This method calculates how many blocks are needed to mine. The number of mines is calculated by adding 5% bonus,
3941: This Python Function compares two strings by their lengths. If they are equal it returns zero.\neven though one string is
3942: A recursive implementation of flattening nested lists.  It checks whether an element in input array/lists are also arrays
3943: Generates an empty conjunction matrix of size nxm.  Each element is initialized to zero, representing no relation between two
3944: This python method changes variation of an input number by adding/subtracting certain amount. \rThis is useful in various
3945: Finds node by display Name in tree structure.  If found returns that Node else false .   ## Functionality :
3946: Logs out current user.  \r   Returns True if logged successfully, False otherwise.\tCode:\x97
3947: This python script calculates area of Rhumb using given diagonals.\ n'tably used in real world scenarios where
3948: A python method that returns inputted strings up to specified length. If it exceeds maximum limit then trims down further else leaves
3949: Creates arguments to be used with the Mueller matrix calculation.  If no specific mu parameter exists it will use default values
3950: Convert non numeric values to string. If input isn't provided it returns false.\Z  \ Z   . z
3951: Calculates GMOF of two variables. \r"   .strip()}', 'gmoftest':'
3952: This is an example of how to use forward propagation. It's just multiplying input data by weights.\r   \
3953: Generates an Edge List from Path Graph data structure.\ncode is used to generate graph representation of given list/array '
3954: This python method is used to convert first word of each sentence in uppercase followed by remaining characters as it was written originally into
3955: A recursive division method that divides each pair of elements in two lists. The result is returned as another list with all
3956: This Python script filters out any empty strings from input list of timestamps/dates.\  It also removes leading, tra
3957: This python method formats time in hh.mm ss .ss, where hours are always two digits with leading zero when
3958: Returns ratio of two numbers. If denominator is zero then returns numerato.\  [...]'   \end{python
3959: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. \r"   .strip() ) ###
3960: This is an implementation of action selection probability based upon different models.\r's"   }]},{"id":"c
3961: Get screner type based off of input. If string then returns screeners name otherwise checks against lists to determine which one
3962: Tokenizes input string by splitting it into individual tokens based upon white space characters, removing leading/trailing spaces from each
3963: This python script generates an output in tabular format of data about different types/classes with their respective counts based upon input list
3964: This Python method generates an URL safe representation of given addresses. It takes as input two elements - first is used to generate prefix
3965: Returns True if category is 'lt', ‘nl’, '', '' ,'me'. Otherwise returns False. This checks
3966: A recursive method to concatenates formatted strings. It joins all elements of an array in one line with newline characters between
3967: This Python method calculates how many seats are occupied. It iteratively checks each individual cell of 2D array to count
3968: Returns formatted string of type/ID.  For example "user", with id as '12'.  => user /
3969: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // The error message. This is used when an exception occurs
3970: A helper method to check whether an array of integers in ascending order.  If it'll be sorted, returns true
3971: Calculates controversiality by subtracting paid from baked.  \   . Returns negative value if there is no change
3972: This python method calculates an optimal value to be used as 'proposed' cutting off point. It takes into consideration both
3973: Convert strings to integers, but only when they are not 'None'.\r  \ nIf no conversion is possible it
3974: Returns all moves of given computer player's pieces.\  }"   .format()}'''.strip()) {
3975: Checks whether an argument was passed to determine gui mode. If no arguments were given, it returns true indicating that we
3976: Returns alignment based upon horizontal justification value.\r's 1st line of docstring, followed by brief description about
3977: This python method checks if two numbers are almost equal within an acceptable error margin of ‘epsilon’ value ie., they
3978: This python method returns an URI string that is used to connect with database.  The uri will contain type of DBMS like
3979: Returns True if given word's part of speech is an adjective/advérb. Otherwise, returns False  .
3980: This Python method checks whether all characters in an input string are ASCII. It returns true only when every character is within
3981: This python script checks whether an input number is greater than five. If it's true, returns 'True', otherwise,'
3982: Check if two fractions are equal. If they're not then returns False else True.\t  \   .`
3983: Checks whether all characters of an input string are ASCII. If not, returns false; otherwise true.\t  }
3984: Converts string to bool type, converting yes/YES / true/.T .TRUE , no/, NO  etc
3985: This python method filters out .gits from repository names. It returns only name of repositories without './.' at end
3986: A recursive implementation of Fibo sequence. It calculates an element at index 'i' in Fabio Sequence
3987: Returns whether string is decimal number.  If it'll be interpreted as float, returns true; otherwise false .   '
3988: This python method converts zeros to minimum possible float value.\ncode is used in calculating mean of data points, it
3989: This Python method joins all strings in list into one string. If there is only 2 elements, it returns an empty String
3990: A simple truncation of long texts to specified number. If longer than required it adds an ellipsis."  [END
3991: Returns 'SUCCESS' when status is True, returns FAILURE otherwise.  [...]       >>>get
3992: Checks if given string 'contains opposites' of terms like critic, critique.  Returns True when found else
3993: This Python script checks whether an inputted number is even, then verifies that it's greater than two. If both
3994: This is used to generate an integer from two parameters. The first parameter represents \nthe COAP Class, while second one
3995: Converts DNA sequence to RNA by replacing all T's with U’ s in given string of DNAs
3996: Convert list of dictionaries to JSON format.  The input is expected as an array/lists containing dictionary data where each key
3997: Calculates total flux of rainfall from tree cover. If storey is less than maximum allowed then it returns only rain
3998: A recursive implementation of Babylonian method to compute an approximate value that is close enough when compared with actual values upto
3999: Wraps given string in backticks to make it appear as Slacker'd text.  This is useful when
4000: Returns name of skin based off given input.  For example, if passed "Bob", it would output 'bobby
4001: Validates if input center point coordinates are integers. \r"   .strip() # remove leading/trailing white spaces
4002: Calculates minimum of 2 ratios between two tensions.\r's"   }] }],[{ "
4003: Converts an input of 'number' representing pixel sizes to equivalent number in points. This is useful when dealing with different
4004: This python method returns all points along diagonal from given starting point to ending one. It is used in game development where we need
4005: This python method removes suffix from given inputted strings.\  It checks whether it is at end of strin then returns without
4006: Removes all whitespaces from string.  Returns new modified version of inputted strings with spaces removed .   Inputs are
4007: Defines an 'hello' method that returns greeting message.  The input is expected to be of type string which will
4008: Convert first letter of each word in an UpperCamels to lowercase.  If input is empty, returns nothing/empty
4009: A wrapper around modulo operation to handle negative numbers.  It adds 'm' before performing '%'. This is useful when
4010: Checks if an inputted list is not undefined.  Returns True when it's defined, False otherwise.\t
4011: Removes language from python file names.\r's/python/\ /g')  # Remove .py extension \ns
4012: Convert given string of format HH::MM to minutes since midnight.\ n   If input is "24", it returns
4013: This python method calculates ceiling division of two numbers. It returns an integer value that is greater than \nor equal to either
4014: This python method formats an inputted string in dd/mmm, to mmyyyy order  .   It
4015: This python script checks whether an input number is prime using Luca's Lehemner Test.  If it passes,
4016: Returns file name of vocabulary files to be used.  The string is in format '<filename>'.\r
4017: checks whether an object can be considered as vector/ scalar in python.  It returns True when it's either single element
4018: Calculates magnitude of vector in n dimensional space.\ndefines an object that calcula...'s output is square rooted
4019: This Python method calculates padding values needed to center an image within another. It takes four parameters representing dimensions of both images in
4020: Calculates chi values based upon maximum value of parameters. \ncalculation method uses formulae derived from Maximum
4021: This Python script defines an easy way to convert ratios into percentage values.\s   .e..g, if you have ratio
4022: This python method checks whether two parties are from an identical organization/individual by comparing their addresses to those of other registered entities
4023: Parses request string into component parts of an application name/version pair.\s  Returns only first part in case multiple
4024: Create an asyncio channel to handle communication between two coroutines.\ n"  # noqa E514
4025: Preprocesses boolean values to be used in machine learning algorithms. 1 means True/Positive; anything other than that
4026: This is an end of names command. It prints out information about who sent it to whom with some text content in between them
4027: Formatting URLs to include tracking id in url. "   .strip() + "\""}""" ) #
4028: Returns list of tuples with two elements each. Each tuple contains state names based off num states provided as input parameter along
4029: This python method returns variant ids. If ID is not present in row then it append CHOMOSENOSECON
4030: Returns True when at least 'k' elements of list are present. Otherwise returns False.\t  [1pt]
4031: Defines two functions terms() & termss(). These are used to calculate the nth number defined by an infinite series.
4032: Convert an integer to one hot encoding. For example input is '5' output will be ['False', True,'True','
4033: A recursive method to find maximum number in an array.  It checks each element of list one by another until it finds
4034: Convert given duration in millisecond to human readable format. For example, convert_duration("12598")
4035: "The conversion from the given format to another failed.";   // error message. ```python`(end of file
4036: This Python script returns 'Fuzz' when input is divisible by both three & five, otherwise it will print out number
4037: This python script returns path to download corpuses of WikiConV dataset from given year.\s  It is used in
4038: Extracting labels from source files.  This will be used to generate labeling functions in other modules.\r'   .
4039: Returns an empty string when input isn't of type 'str'. Otherwise returns original identity.  This helps to ensure that
4040: This python script returns color maps based upon input band name from given list of bands.\  It provides mapping between Band names to
4041: Returns sequence with higher consensus through voting.  If weights are equal returns either of sequences.\ Zero division error is avoided by
4042: This Python script reads in text file line by lne. It then breaks down each passphrase into individual characters to form '
4043: Infer combined lens separation.  The primary task is to calculate how far apart two lenses are in terms of their focal
4044: This python method calculates middle points of bounding boxes. The input is list/array with four elements each representing top left
4045: Returns first variable in list of variables. If there is only one, returns it directly.\ Otherwise concatenates all but last element
4046: This program calculates how many ways to climb one, two ,or three stairs using only positive integers. The number of steps
4047: This Python method is used to perform binary image segmentation. It takes in an input of type 'Dataset' which contains images
4048: Convert string to list using specified delimiter – Split by space if no specific separator is provided .   -
4049: Returns vector of length one with elements at index positions corresponding to their respective indices in an array representing different colors used by matplot
4050: Extracts flow cell name from sample id/user run.  If not found returns default value provided by parameter 'default
4051: This Python script converts all dots in input strings to underscores.\  It is used as part of data cleaning process