1: Returns the result of multiplying each element in vector `a` by factor 'k' .  Use lambda function to
2: Remove '*' character from the string. 	Example input -> Output : `(f"Hello {name}
3: This function checks if all files in the given list have already been included.  It does so by checking to see that each
4: check if the value of 'passed' is equal to conditional and return appropriate message. If not, it will otherwise be used
5: Transforms an email address into its RFC 8041 compliant ASCII representation. For example, john
6: Returns the index of highest bit set in binary representation. [ ]'s hint if any : 'none needed . e g
7: Compute the percentage identity of two sequences based on character matches, length and non-"N"-"--" characters only  [
8: Create API Name from endpoint. Returns name that can be used as an identifier of the request in one place, like /my
9: A converter from Hour Minute Seconds to Decimals degrees, takes as input an hour or decimal representation of the
10: Set the status of an object to embargued in hash map.  This will help manage objects that are currently out on
11: A function to get photos from Facebook users in chronological order based on the updated time of their last photo uploads with given
12: Returns the list of elements in reverse order. Uses recursion to parse substrings and build up an array from left side
13: Computes the leftmost bit of two's complement representation.		"Calculates and returns first occurrence position in binary number
14: A function to get the primary transcritp from mirobase.  It will return either mirna or error if no
15: Creates list of unique coordinates from given input. The first value in each tuple is the x coordinate, and second one y
16: Adds an increment to the parameter in one line of Python and returns it as output .  47 lines onwards only
17: combine multiple annotation lists into one. Annotation list is represented as pairs of id and entities, where the entity in each pair
18: A function to calculate the product of two numbers divided by their sum.  The ratio between them . ... "Ratio
19: This function takes an IP address as input and converts it into decimal format. Each octet is converted to its respective power
20: Returns the result of subtracting "value" from each component in case it is an integer. Otherwise, if input argument isn
21: Transforms list of elements into the form [(element1 . rest), ... , (, elementN)] where each pair contains
22: Create an URL to access the data of specified experiment from EBI GXA's Data Access Page." This
23: A function to get the value of specified key from dictionary. If it doesn't exist, return an empty string "" .
24: A recursive function to flattern lists. It takes in two arguments, the main body of our solution and any auxiliary data
25: Convert string to tex formatted. Code that converts the inputted text into TeX formatting codes and replaces "_
26: Defines function f to compute y. Given an input number 'x', it returns the result of adding one plus that same
27: This function checks if the given string is in RUNWAY format. The condition includes checking length, first character being '
28: A function to construct the 'Canonial Request' string, based on provided queryString."  }}} . The next line
29: Returns the average of elements in list. Null case handled by returning ‘zero’ when empty input is given."   }
30: Check if value of variable is existing and returns true/false.  If not exist then it gives false else return 'true
31: This function determines the type of page. It is mainly used to determine whether pages contain paragraph, unordered list or heading elements
32: This function generates report names.  The input parameters are the simulation type, one of two or three strings that specify what kind
33: Calculates the number of project partners. Code takes in an integer 'n' and calcula...(truncated to
34: Generates hexadecimal representation of an input integer. For example, `(integer=> 3840 )
35: Returns true if images should be distorted. If none of the input flags are set, returns false to prevent any changes from
36: Calculates the power of two numbers. It's based on recursive function to do so by reducing one less than itself
37: Converts the human readable number of input to its corresponding byte value. e..g, convert KB into Bytes
38: Creates an environment variable named db name using given parameters. 	Type of data produced by the program is database or d
39: Check if the given URL ends with ".mp3".  Return true or false. Use recursion to find last character in
40: Returns one of three values depending on the sign. It handles zeros correctly, and returns +/- in other cases.";
41: Returns the line width depending on which Fitness Goals and Realizations are in use."' . "\n" ;;
42: This function provides the link to get information about campaigns based on different services provided by CERN in Monte Carlo method computations
43: Function to get the "N" digit of an integer number.  For example, if we call `(apply/k
44: This function checks whether the first list of elements is included in another. It does so by using recursion to search through both
45: A function to convert non-"." and uppercase letters ("T",	"C" or “GC” ) into their
46: This function checks if the number is even. It does so by using 'Modulus' operator, which gives remainder of division
47: "Calculates the value of VS in volts" .   ;; The formula used is based on SI units - Vol
48: A recursive function that applies rewrites to dates.  Useful in parsing and transforming structured text data into
49: checks if an event starts within the same interval as another.  This is particularly useful in situations where events may overlap with each
50: Generates all digtis in the string. If no digit is found it returns an empty list otherwise return them as number .
51: A function that takes two numbers as arguments and returns the larger of them.  Code is written in Scheme language, which
52: Create an endpoint list with the given string lengths truncated to be no longer than maximum length of urls. This is useful
53: A function that checks if one string ends with 'sb' and the other starts ith something. If so, return true
54: Code snippet that finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion to calculate it in one line
55: Converts list to first element. If not, returns it as is if its already an item or #t in case
56: Given an input, returns the label of its parent node if it's not root. Else return itself as is i
57: A function that converts PyDay to SQL day. Adds one if it is not already, as the last two days
58: Creates the dot product of line and half space defined by two points. The function returns an angle between –pi to
59: Returns the equivalent integer in base of number with given 'num' columns. If absolute is greater than column count then it throws
60: Computes the sum of Chebycheff series using recursion. Given two numbers, 'x' and integer number as
61: checks if the first and last character of input string are alphatbic or not. If they aren't,
62: Compute the maximum recursion level of an expression. For example, if you call `(list 'a #\c
63: Split input string on whitespaces. Returns list of substrings not empty strings obtained from splitting the whole regex expression split by
64: Convert urwiki colored output to clickable style. This function takes in an argument which is the desired text and its corresponding highlighted
65: Code that computes the function y = x^3 -  9*x + 7*(X). A polynomial with degree
66: Generates an HTML <LI>  element with the given input string.  For instance, if passed 'Hello World', it
67: A function to calculate the number of beaters on any given input list. The count begins from zero if there is no data
68: Computes the integer corresponding to binary representation of input. It is implemented using fold function which applies an operation in reverse order on
69: Convert an epoch timestamp to milliseconds.	Input/Output Format:[INPUT] Epoch Timestamp[OUTPUT
70: This function returns the elements of list in which each element is its own permutation. For example, given [a b c
71: Calculates the AMedicine dosage in mg/kg of medicines based on patient's weight, age and B
72: A function to format authors as either their name if they are given an empty, full set information ,or in the form specified
73: A function that returns the command to add or remove loopbacks on vRouter.  For each given 'Present' it
74: Compare two numbers with the given precision. If they are equal within EPSILON, return zero; if one is less than
75: Convert C to F conversion function."    .'   "convert given temp in degree celisus into equivalent farehenheat
76: Code takes in an amount of time, converts it into readable format based on the type . e g., second ,
77: Create function to append the file extension with given string.  EG(1): if we have 'abc' then it
78: Converts the given P value into its significance level in terms of statistical power and familywise error rate, where each category
79: Creates class names from string input by replacing spaces with underscores. e g : display name to .m.
80: Determine if two intervals overlap. Code takes 3 parameters, checks the first interval's lower and upper bounds against those
81: Produce output predictions using the model in each of its paths.  Takes as input an ordered list representing file/folder
82: "Recursively count the number of paths to reach top right from bottom left in an NxM grid" . This
83: Implements map function on the two inputs, and then applies each to another input as specified by index.  Map is used
84: finds all elements in list 'L' that are equal to string/character '_s_'.  It uses the lambda
85: This function searches an item in the given list by going through each element and comparing them. If found, returns index of that
86: Creates the necessary syntax markers based on whether an 'opening' blockquote or not.  Used in creating La
87: Creates and formats provider data.	Formatting includes ID, Name & Last ETL Time in the form of '
88: Get the maximum number within given input with specified degree of precision. “Tolerable” means it could be any real
89: Determines if the shard operation is successful. (The ES search result contains index and doc status, including _
90: A recursive function that creates an array with each number repeated according to its digits. The '!' is added after the
91: Checks if string is made up of only whitespaces. Returns true or false accordingly depending on the condition met . It iter
92: A function to calculate the accuracy of binary classifiers.   -  It's also known as Accurancy score,
93: Constrains the input by classifying it into its constituent parts and creating new values based on these classified inputs; if
94: "Check if the optimizer is within given tolerance of optimal solution"   .:: Code to decide whether or not we should
95: Calculates the sum of all possible combinations that can be formed using 'n' elements from list/array, where each combination
96: Compute the nth root of m using Newton's method.   Use iterative approach to solve complex roots which may
97: This function is used to get the protein id from an input string.  It's based on splitting strings by semicol
98: Check if the provided 'num' is within or equal to maximum worker capacity. If not, it informs about error in
99: A recursive function to merge two strings. If both are empty, it returns an blank string .If one of them is
100: Calculates the MD of two numbers. 	Inputs - Two Integers, Output is Boolean Value indicating whether input parameters
101: Resize the list by one element. The function '(first last rest)' changes to remove first and second elements respectively but
102: Generates the number of small bodies inside big one.	Inputs : Close, Low and High values which define rectangular areas
103: Return maximum sequence length among the list of sequences. If all elements in given sample are empty, return zero . The input is
104: Checks if point is on the same side of line from one end to another.  If yes, returns true; otherwise
105: Convert to boolean -> convert string 'yes' / no', into true/false.  . If other values, it
106: Generates csv file name.  This function takes string as input and appends .csb extension to it which gives
107: A recursively defined function that calculates the factorial of an integer. The result is returned immediately in case it's
108: This function checks if the user's chosen answer matches with computer random selected numbers in guessing game" . (code:.
109: Returns the number of items per page. If 'numberOfPages' is not set, returns default value as it might
110: A function to format the parameters into an instance of Hub/GroupId / ProjectName.  For example, 'user'
111: A function to get the temp virtual app name.  Template is used as base and appends _template at end of it
112: Given the accounts list and account number, return balance if it exists; otherwise returns false.  [...]" | pprint
113: Check if the given string is an extension of one or more submodules in Racket's module system, ie it
114: returns true if input is odd, false otherwise. The function takes the number as its argument and checks whether it's even
115: Function to return the values in each cell of an HTML table.  If 'table' is given, it will convert all
116: Check if the input is of type variable.  "(VAR X)" => #t, any other non pair value or
117: A function that sums up the non negative values in list of numbers.  Use folding and filtering techniques to summarize
118: Repeat the string 'phrase' by increasing numbers until zero. #t if negative number is provided otherwise returns false (#).
119: filter out employees with age over or equal to three times their salary and earn more than $4,687 per year
120: Implement custom function that returns first nonempty string. –(Custom Function Name : CustomFuncSelect)-/ . This
121: Return sign of given number. It returns +/-+ if the input is positive, or --/-- otherwise it does not
122: Create an n x m grid filled with zeros.  Code snippet to initialize the data structure used in your program
123: finds the largest sum of any sub array in an integer list. It uses dynamic programming to find maximum possible sums ending at each
124: A function that extends the sign of an immediate integer. If it is positive, just return immed as there's no
125: This function returns the categories available in our dataset. It also tells us about these three types of cases as they are classified into
126: Calculates the partial derivatives of scalar division operation. The first output is derivative with respect to 'x' and second one towards
127: Creates list of URLs from "searchURLS" which are not in the set, i.e., only include
128: Returns the integer representation of one number. Given three positive integers, it multiplies each with corresponding powers and adds them up to
129: Get the list of all unique hosting nodes from input dictionary. In case, no such node is found in dict it returns empty
130: Returns the available deep models.  .```   AVAILABLE DEEP MODELS LIST WITH THEIR DES
131: A function that calculates the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing factor. –alpha is initial step size, -
132: A function that calculates the sum of squares from numbers to given input. The sequence is created by applying lambda into map
133: Returns all pairs of locations that are ODD length.  [...]   If two lists have the same size, returns these
134: Function to convert bed file format with two numbers per line into string that can be written or read back by TSS finder
135: Function that calculates the probability of having an object within one unit's distance from another, based on their diameters and
136: "Change the color of terminal output to blue".  It uses ANSI escape codes.  🎨�
137: Checks if the input matrix is an identity one.   The function will return true only when given with matrices that are both
138: Code takes an array of integers as input and returns the same output. This is just one example usage – it's
139: generate safe file name from input string by removing illegal characters or spaces and replacing them with underscores, maintaining the same cas
140: Recursively computes the sum of all even numbers up to n that are multiples off three or five. If they
141: This function takes in an input string and parses it into its constituent segments. It splits the ID by ':'
142: Function to calculate the received power.  Includes inputs of EIRP, Path loss and Receiver gain with calculation done
143: Calculation of carrirage positions according to the FFT length. If there are no available flights, it is assumed
144: Compute the sum of distances. If no distance is provided, return an else value . Otherwise returns computed Sum otherwise gives only
145: parse text into elements by commas. 1st element is the main subject, and all subsequent are secondary topics."
146: Function to calculate the f score between two numbers, based on their respective scores ie., "precision" and	"rec
147: Finds local maxima in the given list of Ethereum prices. A point is considered as being at both ends,
148: Returns the number of ways to climb n stairs. A single step can be taken either one or two steps ahead in each recurs
149: clean the odatadata from datset and remove "@@... . ... ..  ......"" format. This function
150: Code snippet to perform the computation of an optimized least squares fit on data using Padé approximants. Input parameters are
151: Check if one string is the same as another, but case sensitive. If it's all uppercase and match then returns
152: Convert sequence elements to string representation.  Supports numbers, strings and boolean values with their respective 'true' or false'.
153: Defines function to divide two numbers. Handles division of any number with an arbitrary denominator; checks if the divisor
154: This function will find all the odd pairs in an input. The result is returned as product of those pair, or it returns
155: Check if number is in range.  This function takes three parameters, checks whether the provided parameter lies within or not between two
156: Divides two numbers.  Use error if the divisior is equal to Zero . It will throw an exception when
157: Removes special characters from the string. Only keeps alphanumerics, whitespaces and punctuations between lower & upper
158: A recursion function that gets values from dictionary.   .'     '   `       .....      /        \ `
159: Returns ‘word’ when it'll be 'guessed'. Otherwise, returns the other way around. This is to
160: Check if the first set is subset of another.  This function takes two lists as arguments and checks whether one list's
161: Recursively divides string into chunks of equal size. If the division factor is greater than zero, it will divide
162: This function computes the sum of all numbers in list, without including any duplicated ones.  In otherwords it removes
163: A function that assigns color to the players according their scores in football games . If there is no condition met it returns '
164: Defines the function Main to perform multiplication.  Given two arguments, multiply them together and return resultant value . This
165: Returns positive, zero or negatives depending on whether all of their signs match and returns them as is if they don’t
166: Returns the verb to describe workflow's current state.  This is one of two possible outcomes according on if task has finished
167: A function to calculate the area of an inscribed circle in proportion with other sides.  The first input is radius and second
168: Removes the 'User' key from dictionary.  Returns new dict with removed User Key and any other keys in original linked
169: Multiplies two numbers as per special rules. First, it multiples the first number of both input lists and then adds
170: This function returns the level of relative weather conditions described by its input. It checks if it's between -1 and +
171: Creates and checks boolean values in one line. If the value is true it returns True, otherwise false or an error
172: Replaces all occurrences of the specified value in input with another.  The function returns original version if nothing to be
173: If the class is either Property or Gene and its length of result set less than maximum allowed. This function should return true if
174: Converts string to Enum.  If the input is not valid, returns `Default` otherwise return corresponding integer/
175: Convert given power in dBW to watthours. Code conversion from wattHour on the basis of one unit base
176: Flaten lists. Given list of Lists, returns combined and flatened version with each item being in order from the inn
177: Returns the inputted sentence split into individual segments, then joins them together with hyphens in between. It is used to transform
178: Code defines an auxiliary function that returns the highest number from some input. If exclusions are given, those numbers will not be
179: Returns the specified column from each row in input matrix.  The result is represented as vectors of numbers .   Note that list
180: Creates an alphabetical string from the input. Non numerics are removed, leaving only letters in it's place
181: Returns the value of pf according to mobile mobility model based on parameterized input values "phi" and 'gamma'.
182: Returns the first item in list that ends with given string. If no such elements found, returns false ie nil; "
183: Converts vector of string representations to numbers. It removes quotes and converst strings in the input list into their numerical counter
184: A function that splits the given number into its digts. The output is in form of list containing quot and remainder respectively
185: "Normalizes the pathname"  [...] .   End. of summaries ]}}}`)) then `,e
186: This function calculates the standard deviation of three given numbers. It is based on an equation that finds difference between each number and
187: Returns the third element of each list in input, converting it to number. The function splits on comma and returns first value
188: Return the same string if it is length one. If not, append '0' at beginning of given String else return original
189: Get the User Agent from HTTP Request Header.  If it's not available, return nil else get header value"
190: Returns the path of UKB sum stats file based on given 'sex'. It returns two paths - one is GRch
191: A function to check if all elements in the first argument are present at some point, with case sensitivity.  Use '.'
192: Merge two strings if not combined with 'and' symbol. Otherwise, return the concatenation of inputted string arguments;
193: Define function to determine if rectangle contains point. Code checks both corners and edges of the given rectangular prism are within boundaries defined
194: Returns all the upper case letters in input string. Useful to collect them later on if needed." . \>'
195: Returns string of range between two years. If the given minimum and maximum are same, returns just one number as if it was
196: Counts how often two lists match. If they are of different lengths, it throws an error message saying that them need to
197: Create function that calculates the distance between two points using toroidal boundary conditions .   Given Two Points and Their Distance
198: Creates an array of state names based on the boolean values in another given list. “True” represented as "state
199: Generates deQuantified variable name. 	Inputs - original Variable Name; Output is De Quantised/Process
200: A function that takes two numbers and returns the result of dividing one by another, with error checking if either number is zero
201: A function that takes an arbitrary list and divides it into chunks of the specified length. It returns them in reversed
202: A function to sort names based on domain name parts.  It sorts in order by subdomain first, then the main domains
203: checks if the provided string is an URL.  "HTTP/HTTPS", followed by domain name, optional port number
204: This line defines the list of column names to be used in Vorwerk output files by setting them or unsetting and
205: Decode the value of one bit in input string. If its 'O' return zero, if it is other characters than
206: A function that takes the number of bins and total trials to calculate expected binomial outcomes. This is commonly used in statistics
207: Returns the subscription group name. Input parameter is Publisher ID -> Subscribers will get their unique groups based on
208: A recursive function to take the first N elements of an input list. "Take" is also defined as being able generate
209: Generates slugs from input strings. Sluggification is the process of converting text into valid URL string by replacing spaces with
210: This function returns the positive input. It is called "ReLU" activation, it gives an output of zero if its
211: Given string, replace non alphanumeric characters with the given character(replacement).'    '.))}'''.
212: Converts the time in SECONDS into minutes, hours and remaining fractional part. Result is represented as list [
213: A function to calculate the derivative of sigmoide activation in backpropagation method." write "(defun"
214: Create and return the brightness value from percentage light source intensity level of darkness or full luminosity . This function converts given integer to
215: Checks if the given object is an empty "str"ng.  In most cases, it checks whether or not its
216: Generates the variance of noise power in dB.   [Assumes Rician] channel model and gives an estimate from given
217: Creates and returns connection string based on the given parameters. The function takes in three arguments - 'backend', which is
218: This function returns the next number of people that will be in an adult's group by subtracting their current ages. The
219: "Flattens" the input using recursion. Given n lists, it creates one flat array with all elements from these
220: Check if the given file name ends with cmyq extension.	   -->  .cmz, –-.cz
221: Returns true if the given value is of type 'string' and nonempty, otherwise false. Otherwise throws an error with message
222: Create function to determine the abbreviation of course types. If type is unknown, return input as it stands --->
223: Function rescales the given number within specified range. The formula is used to calculate where on average we would put our value
224: Computes the derivative with respect to both variables of 4th order central differences method in two dimensions. This function computs
225: A function to convert strings into their ordinal representation. If the input is not valid, it raises an error message "Invalid
226: Intersecting boxes A and B by using their coordinates. Calculates the intersection over union ratio between two sets of boundign
227: generate data sets. This function generates the dataset to be used in training or testing tasks" .' -l 'code',
228: Computes the fans of some given shapes .; Input is either an integer or tuple containing integers defining dimensions. ; Returns same
229: Function that takes an input string and checks if it ends with the character '.' followed by any number of square brackets or
230: Converts the given timespan from seconds to steps, ie., converters it into ticks in Unicode game
231: This function performs the untranslatable part of an animation in .seq file format. It translates and scales time points
232: Calculates the flux ratio between two magnetic field strengths - magnitude and angle of incidence in MHz, using formula Flux =
233: Defines two functions leftPadWithZerros and makePadding. Left pad the given string with zeroes if its
234: Updates the appropriate groups of items in 'checklists' based on whether they are adults, children or non citizens. It
235: A factorial function using recursion. Code takes an integer as input and returns the product of all positive integers less than or
236: Calculates the step size based on an inputted derivative. It will return one of two steps, depending upon whether it is
237: A recursive function to calculate the sum of numbers from 'lower' upto and including, but not exceeding,'upper
238: Check if two colliders overlap on the x axis.  If so, returns true otherwise false; assuming both are squares and
239: This function returns the common neuron ids in two lists. It uses lambda to create anonymous functions and filter out elements
240: Computes the volume of sphere given radius as parameter and returns it in cm^n . If you are using an approximation,
241: Increments the input number by one. Code example to use it is given below in comments on top of function definition and usage
242: Extraction of passports from the input string list. It splits each entry into its constituent fields separated by '\n
243: Code snippet to convert time in Hours and Minutes into Decimal format of the day, from start date till
244: A function to generate all subsets of the given set. ...(generate nth subset in list/sequence.) Code sn
245: Returns date time string representation of the input in UTC. Format is ‘YY/MMDD_hhmmss’ as
246: Validates the given object as being of type dictionary and contains required fields - 'name', if not exists then returns false else
247: Code is to check if the first character of string 'name' in uppercase, then appending either an/the appropriate
248: Code creates and returns function sng(data). If the number is positive it gives one, if negative - zero. This
249: Function that converts an integer to its two's complement. Code snippet provided is essentially the same as converting from
250: Gets the first value from dict. Used to get values of specific fields in case user data need be parsed out by key and
251: This program takes an array and creates its reverse, then applies the function. The result is used to determine whether two strings are
252: Returns the Command Help Message.  .   [Get] Get[Command ]HelpMessege:[Parameter="
253: Implementing functions to divide nodes into three groups based on their status, i.e., new or existing and disappearing
254: This function adds the given scaler to each element of input vector. It takes two parameters - an list, and another number
255: Returns message type depending on if it's long or not. Else returns error msg and an SB prefix as specified
256: Generates prime numbers.   -> Code is generating and checking if number can be divided evenly by any of the previously
257: A function to calculate distance between two points. Uses the midpoint formula . Efficient and accurate computation of straight line distances
258: A function that colors the temperatures based on certain conditions. If temp is greater than or equal to specific range, it will be
259: Converts the given data type to its equivalent pandaray's DataType. If not recognized, returns original string
260: Checks if two strings are the same case insensitive.  Code will return true only when both input Strings have equal
261: Creates an integer that is equal to the given parameter, but rounded downwards if it's not whole. If no
262: Remove the word 'PID' from every instance of it in text.  A one line function to strip Pid values
263: A function that creates and returns an experiment description.  Args include the experiments's unique identifier, which will be displayed
264: This function is used to convert input text into its sequence form by treating each word as an independent segment. The method takes two
265: Converts an integer representing the IPv four address to string format. For example, conver ts IPV_ADDR =
266: Function to format an email adress as 'Name <email@domain.com>'.  This is useful in emails,
267: Defines and Returns Summation. 4 Parameters -> 8sums up the numbers" ) ]]))) .
268: decode the integer number in base three. Decodes an encoded value into its corresponding decimal representation, where each digit of input
269: Generates tag string by combining the filename with its corresponding file's major and minor versions. For example, "filename -
270: Checks if condition is true, and performs certain action.  If the given conditon returns "true" it will
271: This function calculates the difference between two  vectors. (END OF SUMMARY).    .   ) ; sub
272: A function that takes in an array of numbers and joins them into strings, with each term followed by ' + '. This is
273: Code takes in an list of physics skins and returns the string with each skin separated by plus. If no input, it
274: Returns the name of an object from its associated list. If not found, returns '#F'. The objects are retrieved by
275: This function validates whether or not an id of data should be generated based on Google App Engine'sd requirements.
276: Converts memory in Bytes to Megabyte. . The formula is memBytes / pow(1,4).
277: Code defines recursive function func, which calculates value of the given expression. The values 'a', ''b' and
278: Efficiently calculate the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers under given number. Finds and returns largest one
279: Creates the next position in move function. It accepts four arguments; an initial coordinates, and one of N(North),
280: A function to get the drink by profession name. The parameter is assumed as lower case string of any possible type or drin
281: Returns the subsegment of str from beginning to first occurrence where '.' appears. If there is no such an . then
282: Checks if two strings are alphabetical and/ or numerals, separated by underscores. It returns "true
283: This function creates an empty list and adds each element of the provided iterable `t` to it, with size determined by
284: This function calculates the middle index of an array or string. The number is rounded down to nearest whole integer since we want
285: A function to get the ordinals of numbers. This is useful in many places, like writing date and time expressions or format
286: Create and return an n by m matrix filled with zeros. The input is the number of "layers" or depth in
287: This implementation uses Euclid' algorithm that finds greatest common divisor by using recurssively calculated remainders in each step
288: Return true if the given string is part of an R6RS package version number.  Assumes that input will be valid
289: Convert RGB to ycc. Adapted from OpenCV's cv::cvtColor implementation with additional conversions
290: This function reverses the order of elements in list. It takes as input one argument, which should be either number or string
291: Create verses about when you have given up. When there are less than three beers left in your bucket... . Go
292: Returns the first element of list if it's not empty, else returns itself.  For example [1] => .
293: Creates an approximation of the probability function to estimate rerunning times. Input is number runs and output approximates value at any
294: Calculates intersection over union of two given boxes. The function takes in four arguments representing the coordinates and dimensions, returns an approximation
295: This function returns the name and version of packages. If no such package is found, it simply creates an 'empty' list
296: calculate gene ontology score of two proteins or DNA sequences based upon their combined lengths and the parameters 'protein/
297: Checks if input is valid English, French or Hindi language codes. This function checks the provided string to see whether it
298: Code that checks if string is equivalent to any of the boolean values. If yes then returns true else false  .  3
299: Returns the email address from @message dictionary. If not present, it will return an empty string as default value."  [
300: The knapSacks function is used to solve the zero one pack problem. It takes two parameters, total weight "cap
301: A function to handle None values in fields. It checks the type of value and displays appropriate message if it's none or
302: Convert MIDI note number to chromatic scale position. Pitch represents the middle C in an octave, and we
303: Returns the last bit of URI. If no path is present then returns 'For codes'.  .:: url/uri -
304: Generates the derivative of rhythm reactivity control using parameters from an input structure drums and creates its representation as rc .
305: checks if an integer is prime. Returns true or false accordingly .' left', 'right': left and right elements in
306: Returns the square of each element in input list. Example - lengthSquared([1,3,-4]) returns
307: A recursive function to create an ascending list of integers from 'num' down tp zero. "parent" is
308: A function that encases any given string with another specified markers. It's used to prefix or suffix the inputted
309: This function checks whether two lists are equal according to dictionary order.  It's used in Scheme programming language by L
310: A function to calculate the probability of error in exponential distribution used by one parameter Tau model with given values Half life and Window
311: Returns the dictionary with units changed. Code that converts given unit to another one using provided multiplication factor in change(). The result
312: checks if 'base' is divisible by the number given as parameter. If yes, it returns #T else false or
313: A function to return cache control string based on the provided argument.  .'s 'max age'. If not set it
314: A function to check if an element is tagged or not.  [code]: "if the given input has '[doc
315: "Create an additively hashed string of ASCII characters". Returns the summed result from converting each individual asci
316: This function converts grid indices to matrix index. For example, given an element at the third row and fourth column in two
317: check if the input has all required keys in it. If so, return true else false or display an error message and line
318: calculates the percentual error between two numbers; used in comparing algorithms' performance to baseline or comparison of different results/input
319: A function to Underlines the characters in Text. For example, ("hello") will return "h_e__l___
320: This function will split the given string into substrings. “attribute” is an argument that gets passed in and contains comma
321: check if the year of input data is incremental with respect to another. Returns true or false accordingly." write into
322: This function reads the list of requirements specified in "./bin/requreiments" and returns it as an object if file
323: Returns true if the input is in date format. The string must contain exactly ten characters, and they should all be digits
324: Create tokens from the given string. The result is returned as list of substrings split by whitespace/ punctuation .
325: Generates the name of an invoked procedure or method.  This will give you information to trace back your program flow,
326: "Implement an average of points in the given list".   Ex. Input ((1,3),(4,-7)(
327: Checks if the given word starts with either L or C. If true, it checks to see which version of cell performance
328: Count the number of ones in an integer representation. For example, countOnes function takes as input 'a' and returns
329: sets default rating based on the provided 'type' id. For example, setting it to be unrated if no specific ratings
330: Return the value of n inverted right zigZag traversal. Returns  ``` . In order to know if
331: check if the environment varible is set.  This function will return true or false depending on whether your application's env
332: Function to add column in an Adjacency Matrix. Adds one more zero element at the end of matrix which makes
333: Remove the ' class from all keys in dictionary . This function is used to simplify/cleanup input data after extraction
334: Count the number of times an entered character appears in any position inside one or more letters. The input parameters are string and char
335: get AWS STS URL from bucket and key name provided as input parameters in format of "BucKetName/.S
336: Convert the given binary string to decimal number. Returns integer value of converted data from provided bit pattern and applies XOR operation with
337: Converts the number of days to Julian day scale; one astronomical unit equals approximately 'one million years'.
338: Calibrate the knuberton. If it is needed then compute and return an estimated value of xi by using
339: Calculates the value of 'nu' raised to one over another number. This is done using binary logarithm calculation where two
340: find matching and count how many times given string appear in list.  If not present, returns an empty array/List or
341: Parses an assembly language statement. Expecting the next line to start with ".LABEL" followed by space
342: Implemented an LR schedule which varies the learning rate over time. It is currently set up to gradually decrease lrate
343: Computes the FIBONACCI series. First number is always 'ONE'. The next in sequence corresponds to sum of
344: A function that reformats an extent list into four pairs of numbers. It also has some test cases to validate its operation on
345: This defines an operation on two lists and produces another. It converts the given `op` to one that works with
346: Code generates zeros if the input integer is less than or equal to limit. Otherwise, it simply returns original number as string
347: A function that parses the first non blank string from multiple lines.  It uses newlines as separators and adds an
348: A function that subtacts two 3D points. It takes in Two Vectors and returns the resulting Vector after
349: Checks if the user has duplicate values in their preference list.  If yes, then returns true; otherwise false is returned
350: Function to format field names in JSON object, replacing '_' with space and making first letter of each word capitalized on multi
351: Converts device categories into string format. Takes an integer as input, returns the corresponding textual description of that value
352: This function translates the points in 'vertices' around their own origin. The new coordinates are based on minimum of all
353: This function sets the specified position to zero in an integer. It does not actually change any value that is being represented by said
354: Create an implementation of the varints in Racket. The function is used to determine how many bytes are needed on disk or
355: Implements the recaibligation of number by adding/subtracting an offset to it based on whether or not its
356: This function takes an input string and returns the same or modified version without any leading whitespace. If no characters remain, it
357: Return the last part of 'v' that is length equal to or less than limit.  Otherwise return all characters in string
358: Convert slashes to dots in the given string. For instance, if input is 'abc/def' then output would be
359: Return learning rate decay factor at the given number of training/evaluation phase's iterations .   It will return initial l
360: Function to calculate seat id from its respective coordinates in the plane. "row" is assumed as binary, and each bit represents
361: Checks if given round is an Average Encryption strength indicator. This function helps in identifying the rounds of encryption used during
362: Returns the value of field in cell specified by row and col. If there is no such fields then return nil; otherwise returns
363: Calculates the growth rate of life in lejave. If you're currently at zero levels, it will return one
364: Computes the sum of all numbers up to given integer. The function takes one parameter - an Integer value and returns their Sum
365: Calculates the sum of all elements in list.  If an empty List is passed, it returns zero as result"
366: Given two positions in the 3D space, compute their Manhatten Distance. This function takes as input position representations
367: A function to convert battery charge levels into volts from the huba98/battery library in Clojure programming
368: Function to calculate the sum of all elements in an list.  If input is null, return zero instead .   Example usage
369: check the number of command line argument passed to program. between three and seven are accepted" . $progname ) ;
370: Returns the intersection of two lists.  If one or both input arguments are empty, returns an emtpy result which matches
371: Check all elements in the list recursively. If any element is equal to input parameters, increase count of such pair by one
372: Unsets the bit at position in binary representation of number. Pos is zero based, ie., first indexed from right
373: A function that takes three arguments and returns them as list. 1st arg is the first movie,   second one -
374: A function to calculate precision in binary classification. If the true positive rate is zero, it returns one as default value of Prec
375: Convert an ElementTree Node to string.  This is useful if you want your output formatted nicely when printing it out or sending
376: generates the path to dynamic library with .so extension. The generated lib file is named by appending -dynamiclibrary part of
377: A function that removes the spaces at beginning and trailing of string. Used to clean up data from various sources, especially
378: Retrieves abbreviated path of the repository from its full one. It uses an ellipsis if necessary to indicate that
379: Defines the function hoffman. It takes two parameters and returns their sum divided by absolute value of difference between them .
380: "code checks if the array is even or odd".   The function takes an integer list and returns one of two strings,
381: This function takes 4 arguments and calculates the number of pixels in one row or column. If there are not enough elements
382: A function to reverse the nodes in an adjacency list representation of graphs. This is done by mapping over each node,
383: Generates list of details about locations found on map. Each element is represented by one place and contains the id, name ,
384: Returns the inverse of 𝑣 in vector form. The function takes three elements and returns them as list with neg
385: check if the filename ends with certain string based on its extension. If so, return True otherwise False and raise an error in
386: Return all elements from the first argument that are not present in its second.  The function will return these as new list of
387: Converts frequency in MHz to herzes using Mel scale conversion algorithm based on the input parameter as MEL value or
388: A function to convert CELSIUS degrees into FAHRENHEIT.	     . ``` c (.
389: Code definition and use of the function to multiply by two. Returns twice its input multiplied with Weighted Transformation F
390: Generates two hashmaps with the same keys and values. This function formats three sides of an element by duplicating it in
391: A function that counts the number of occurrencies in an input list. It uses fold to iteratively count each occurrence until
392: Generates the unique elements in one direction list.  This uses recursion to traverse through each element and check if it
393: Computes cos^(3)(φ), the third power of phi. – Cosine similarity index between two
394: Converts the given seconds into readable form of hours, minutes and second. The conversion is done in reverse order as
395: Returns the value of distribution function at input 'x' in given range. The curve is described by an exponential decay with half
396: Returns true if the URI is secure. Otherwise, it returns false or nil."' > test147930
397: A recursive function to find the hosts that match certain conditions. This will be used as part of other functions in my application
398: Computes the square of each number in list.  Code uses recursion to calculate squares on an inputted array/vector
399: Flatens the given list. It recursively goes through each element of source and appends it to accumulated result only if
400: Extracts an integer and float from the input, if possible. If not present in either format then it throws error stating
401: A function that takes an index and possibly another list as input, returning all elements at the given indices from first element of each
402: Compute and return the three binary scores as real numbers associated with each of precision, recall or Fmeasure .'.").
403: A procedure that removes elements in the dic based on subkeys of these elems.  It uses recursion and sets to
404: A wrapper around `lerna bootstrap` which also handles 'checksum' and produces coverage reports.  In
405: Code defines the function r shift. It takes two parameters, value and exponent; it shifts right operation is performed on given integer
406: Convert quaternnions to rotation matrices .	.c file reader and writer by line -> convert from Euler angles/
407: Check if the given path is same as comparison paths, returns #true when they are equivalent and else return true or false.
408: A recursive function to check the balance of parentheses. The string is read character bycharacter, using list form and
409: Gets unique elements in list. It is used to get distinct items from the input, ie removing duplicated ones .
410: Computes the error between two values. The result is in form of list [Absolute Error, RelativeError].
411: A recursive function that takes an integer input and reverses the digits of it. For example, if we call rev
412: This is the crates an abbreviation of given function naming. It takes in parameter 'NAME' and returns its
413: This function returns the maximum of three numbers.  If all are same, it will return that number itself which is already max
414: Generates the tile id from an inputted URL. – Takes into account only first part of any path after domain
415: A reverse of the given string. It uses recursion to iteratively go through each character in text and add it at start
416: "Converts the first character of each word in input to lower case."" (defun decapit
417: Returns the position of first occurrence. If not found, returns '-' .   Code source and version : CEDET/
418: A function to convert farenheight temperatures into cesuis degrees. This is used in another program with the conversion factor
419: Check if the provided filename is one of whitlisted files used by DenormMarkerScripts 	. . .. ...etc...
420: Converts the string representation of MAC address to standard format. Example input 'a3b7c9dfe'
421: Validates and cleans the input MSISDN number. It removes prefixes like +, - etc., then trims
422: Code defines the function to convert characters into strings. It takes an argument and checks whether it's one character long, then
423: Returns true if the string contains any of '{' or '%' and false otherwise.  In JINJA templating
424: Flatens the list structure of input recursively. The elements are added in to answer without repeating any element, and they will
425: A function to count the number of values equal with 'value' on one side and zero otherwise. It uses recursive helper
426: A function to return the third part of an angle in degrees, given as its value expressed on one side and using radians
427: Returns the result of adding 'add' to some integer value, then taking modulus with given limitation. This operation is done
428: Function to perform linear search on an array. If the element exists, return its index; otherwise returns false." [Source
429: Returns the string representation of list reference to all passed in arguments. Used when creating strings that represent object refs or references with
430: Computes the square of summation from i=0 to given number. In other word, it finds out sqrt(
431: Generates comments in the form of HTML <script type="text/javascript", with string input, outputting text inside
432: checks if the given file is only python syntax. 0 or False means it's not, >1 true otherwise indicating
433: Return whether or not the argument is 'Boolean' and return either True, False – if it’s yes/no
434: Defines the size of an image with aspect ratio at least that many times smaller than its original. It scales down by keeping
435: A function to multiply two numbers by the given constant. The result is rounded down due do not have decimal places, hence
436: convert dot notation to snake case of the given name. In otherwords, if there is an 'O' character at
437: "A function that takes two numbers and an additional argument to determine the ratio between them."   Expected result of calling with
438: Compute the label similarity between two fragments. The result is given as an integer representing how many times these labels are similar on
439: Calculates the Mean Squared Error between two sorted and normalized timeSeries . Returns null if one of them is empty
440: Apply function on list of elements.   Code explanation follows... . ) ;;(defn combine [call lst]
441: A tail recursive function to compute the proportion of elements in list that satisfy given condition. It checks if element is 'test
442: Returns all indexes of excluded channels in the list. This function is used to help with filtering out unwanted channel data from
443: Get the position of cell left in row from input. If there is no such cells, return false .'s character as
444: Generates and returns the sum of ‘cost’ in base 'currency' . Examples:( prepare\_summray
445: Checks if the input is leap or not. This function will return True in case of true/valid inputs, False otherwise
446: Converts given string to utf 9 format. "Text" is the input data type and converted into bytes which then
447: Function to check if string has no escape characters. This function checks the character before current position, and verifies whether it is
448: This is an iterative function that finds the largest factor of input number. It starts from given maximum value and decrements until
449: Trim leading and trailling zeros in numbers. It is used to eliminate or add the first character of strings that start
450: Code generates frequency distribution of data in the given list. This is done by creating an internal hash table to keep track how many
451: This defines an enumeration checking function. It takes in three arguments - the current input, all possible values to check against and
452: Code checks if the server response indicates that it needs to have one or more cats. If yes, then returns true else false
453: Finds the largest of two numbers.  Code written in python style - Largesst out from given set/pair
454: Calculates the output of an RC circuit. For given input taps and time interval, it calcula... (.md .
455: A recursive function to find the absolute minimum of an array. It iterates over each element in list, and keeps track
456: Code rotates 3D image by clockwise direction. Outputs the same as input but with axes interchanged,
457: Insert the number into an array at given position. The input list is divided in half and numbers are inserted between them according
458: Create an abstraction of the step function. The output is one if input > zero, otherwise returns zeros in R^
459: Code generates an expression of whether the given points lies within provided distance in meters from another geometry. This function uses ST functions and
460: A function that performs the union of two sets using blend operations in combination with set thresholding functions to ensure no overlap between elements
461: Returns true if the absolute difference between two times is less than or equal to one half of their sum in reference time, else
462: A function that checks if two boolean inputs are both true or false and return the conjunction result. If any of them is
463: Return true if the cell at row 'r' and column position is within board.   It will be offboard when out
464: Returns the time in human readable format. Input is seconds, and outputs string representation of that many years ago or further away
465: Implementation of an efficient function to concatenates multiple lines in Python. The input is list/array or multi line text,
466: Defines an image pair of side by sides centered with the given 'steering' and is shifted using provided "offset".
467: Returns the initial or step length used in stochastic gradient descent during training."; (commented out, since it'
468: Searches in sorted list by repeatedly bisecing the search range. Returns index where to insert element so as not cause
469: Get the GPU type of an instance with specific details" 			} } .   Gives us access to get accel
470: A function that calculates the output size of convolution operation. It takes as parameters input and kernel sizes, along with padding width
471: A function that converts strings into numbers. If the input is already numeric, it simply returns as given; if not
472: This function checks if all the limits of each bone are respected according to their respective configuration query. The bones in question and its
473: Creates and returns an acquisition time object.  This is used to hold the parameters needed by other procedures that need information about
474: parse and return the graduation day, given its value in string format.  Input is 'DDMMYY'. Returns output
475: Convert degrees of freedom from Cdm to nl units using the formula conversion factor .The exact arithmetic in c++ and
476: Returns the false positive rate of binary classification problem. Parameters are true negative and flips number, returns False Positive Rate
477: This function checks whether an image's ratio to the size of its parent area should fit on one line - either horiz
478: Scales the input vector by applying given scale factor. If no scalefactor is provided, returns unaltered original data
479: Creates and returns the new string created by replacing all occurrences of one character with another in provided text. The replacement
480: Code snippet that takes two lists as input and returns the list of bit wise XOR's between corresponding elements in
481: A function to calculate the falling slope between each frame in an input list.  It records and returns these values as part of
482: Code generates the full public IP address ID in Azure using its subscriptio id,  group and ipName respectively."
483: A recursive function to parse input lines based on their type. It takes in two arguments, the list of string elements and
484: A function that converts RGB values to hexadecimal. The input is represented as three separate integers, each ranging from
485: Code checks if two intervals overlap.  One interval is completely within another in the case of an equal end points, or one
486: A function that removes common English language Stop Words from list of Terms.  Used to clean text data before processing with N
487: Function to convert string 's' into boolean. True if the input is either true, yes or y/Yes; otherwise
488: Returns the average length of all individual word in 'sentence'.  Use regex to split by spaces and sum lengths.
489: "calculates the square of one half pi multiplied by three times divided"   [...]	. . /..."	"
490: A function that calculates the sum of all numbers up to and including 'n'. The result is calculated by recursively adding
491: A function that calculates the square of their respective sums from one to an inputted number. If no value is given,
492: Return the permissions required to create or manage resources in OpenStack using specified roles, return nil if no specific permission needed by user
493: Function to remove grid cells from an array. It's used when you have some elements that should not be included in the
494: This function maps the parameters of an individual into their respective subgroups. For example, if input is ('R' 'm
495: Code to generate name based on the VM set and instance number. It creates an adaptable naming scheme using provided templates with
496: This function divides the total number of inputs into equal parts. If there is an excess, it takes one group per element
497: This function returns the value of cards by checking their face. Aces are worth one, Jacks and Queens have ten points
498: Generates an SQL string that represents the given value. This is done by recognizing specific types and converting them into suitable
499: Code defines the Ackerman function, using recursion and base cases to calculate an integer. The slow version of calculation with
500: Checks if the given file path is valid or not. The function returns true when filename doesn't start with . and
501: counts the number of squares in which given 'players' have been placed. "board" is input as one 4
502: A function to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers. If 'b' is zero, it returns value in first
503: Creates and returns the name of content type based on provided integer.  0 represents Post, ..." Story".. etc
504: A function that removes the common part of two strings. It uses 'strinp'g and substrting functions provided by
505: Code defines sigma function that takes as input an integer and returns the sign of its value. . It'll help in
506: Checks if the input is an array of n x m where all elements are at least 'a' and no element exceeds
507: returns if the given object is not opened. Otherwise, it's already open/closed state .   "Check whether
508: Translate the tag to numeric value. For positive tags, return one and zero in any other cases - convert string input
509: A function that takes in list of files names and returns the content from each one. The output is then returned as two dimensions
510: This function takes in the location of an object and returns its bucket suffix. It looks at several different prefixes to determine what
511: Generates keywords from given 'line' based on the index of each word in it. The first N elements will be
512: Converts an argument to the corresponding method name. Used by some functions in Javascript/Nodejs environment and Python
513: Generates the bound of smallest 1d box encloses all given points in two dimensions. If no point provided,
514: Code defines the Ackerman function. Input is two nonnegative integers and returns an integer value representing recursive summation of
515: Convert Snakes in Camel Case into Pascale case. This is done by splitting the string on underscores, mapping
516: Check the receiver's permissions before sending or receiving.  If they do not have permission, return an error; otherwise continue
517: checks whether the given string contains both 'send' and not more than one of these two strings. If it does, then
518: Interpolates between two points based on time. Takes in an array of coeffecients and the start/end
519: Returns the input string, but with some URL prefixes replaced by GS1' web vocabularies if they are
520: Returns the liftovers sites HT file path, based on provided type and genome build information(GRCh  hg
521: Produces either green checkmark if 'Status' is zero, otherwise shows red cross and the value of Status. The syntax
522: converts pressure from pascals to hectopascales, equivalent of in Hg or hPa unit .).
523: Calculates the similarity of two strings.  The function compares length, and if they have same characters then counts how many
524: A function that takes in two arguments. The first is the collection of numbers, while other argument should be list/vector with
525: This function will remove the units from string inputs. It uses cond to choose between two alternatives, one if it is ending with
526: return string of type as per DREF types.  This function takes an integer argument and returns the respective description based on it
527: Returns the expression result multiplied by given value. If provided with negative sign, it will return inverse of operation ie.,
528: Returns the key from an input dictionary. If there is only one element, it returns that specific Key otherwise return #F if
529: Convert the string representation of an ISO date to its corresponding Unix timestamp. This function checks if input is four characters long and
530: Calculates the derivative of division operation in scalar form between two numbers, and updates with delta values according to some output data(
531: Given coordinates in the form of vector, returns summed vectors. Each element is multiplied by million to provide more precision than
532: Returns formatted version of page numbers. If input is string, it simply returns the same as output; if list and contains only
533: A recursive function that converts numbers and strings to numeric values. If the input is already numerical, returns it as
534: Takes in input and returns the lower case version of it, removing any whitespaces.  Uses anonymous function definitions to
535: Code that finds the indices of duplicated items in given data.  Useful when you have an ordered set with duplicate entries
536: Returns true if the given input is YAML formatted.  If not, returns false; 'file' being checked to
537: Toggles activation in the source depending on conditions specified. If 'measurment triggered' and within stop/start
538: Converts RGB color to String format. It accepts 3 numbers as input and conver them into the 'rrggbb
539: Checks if two strings are anagrams. The check works by comparing the characters of both string one after another and ign
540: A function to convert RGB color space from linear model L's aces rgbc conformance profile in Adobe srgb
541: A function that takes in input and capitalizes the first letter of each Word.  Code uses Lisp's string splitting
542: Function getRequestPath gets the PATH of an HTTP request.  It's part one in two way to extract URL path
543: Convert the given density in grams per cubic meter to kilograms / metre^s³. Code based on
544: Generates an escaped version of the given string within backtick quotes. The escape is done to handle escaping in Python
545: Given three points and two values, compute the cubic Bezie's curve at position 't'. If one or more
546: Function to convert Horse Power value in Hp/tonne into Tons. "Horse power" is the amount of
547: Calculates the average of all non nil values in an input list.  The increment value is added to current avarage
548: Returns the area of an isosceles trangle given its two smaller bases and one greater side. If less than or
549: Sets the dimension of an array/matrix based on its string type. If it's 'two dimensional', returns number as
550: A function that gives the KAPPA analysis results based on its input value, it classifies given output in terms of performance
551: converts hass temperatures to celsius. it's based on the conversion factor of -0,789
552: A linear learning rate schedule based on the number of training iterations. It is initially set to small values and gradually increases in order
553: Returns the score of last successful test if one exists. Else returns empty list .  Inputs : List containing information about
554: Parses and converts one or more space separated curies. e,g., OWL :sameAs .
555: A function to calculate the dihedrals. It adds seven times epsilons multiplied by ten in order of
556: returns true if the url is an ORACC project's site, false otherwise . eXtract from provided ur
557: Generates pairs of numbers from string. e..g., '3,4' returns the pair list [(#\
558: Given two lists, finds the common elements. The result is in form of new sorted linkedlist containing only these members."
559: Checks if the given values are equal. It returns true or false depending on whether they match in value and type .
560: This function returns the given word in Brot format if it's too short or long, and otherwise doesn’nothing.
561: Changes the status of an Action object. The parameter 'newStatus' changes how long will be held in seconds that can
562: A recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Using Euclid's algorithm as its method
563: Create the directory structure and initialize sqlit3 connection to /var/.db  or return false if unable. If you are
564: Find the width of lineage trees. Compute maximum sum from leaf nodes, ignoring any nonetheless connected with false segments
565: Returns total count possible from given input with sum equal or less than provided integer limit, in which each item is used only once
566: Calculates the wave index. The number of oscillations in one complete cycle is defined as 'complete' and can be adjusted
567: A function to convert the first character of each word in an input sentence into upper case. Used often with names and acron
568: A function to check if given align content is valid.  If so, returns it as string; otherwise -1 and an
569: Defines function to add two vectors. Two input vector must be of same length and return the sum as new list .'
570: A function to calculate the remainder of two numbers.  The first argument is taken as 'c' and its second part,
571: returns the smallest number between two given numbers or one of them if they are equal, in that order."}']))),
572: Function ID to integer converter. Convert an id of the form '[num]-name'. Returns list with two elements [start
573: convert an arbitrary string into array of characters if it is less than or equal to one character, and return the original value otherwise
574: Produces values from the given list of variables. – Code takes as input an environment and outputs its variable's value
575: This function takes an integer string and converts it to its list equivalent. It also handles commas as delimiters between
576: Calculates the search volume in cubic meters of an object with given area and length dimensions, based on assumptions about base sizes that
577: Returns the extension of formats supported by gettext.  It provides an abstraction layer over file extensions which makes it easier to
578: Max of two numbers.  Returns the maximum between 'X' and	'Y'. - Code written in Lisp style by
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide in sequence.   The function will return all indices at which it encounters an
580: A function that saves the user input of questions and gives feedback on its status .; [3pt]​   `
581: "Computes the mean and variance of an array." This function takes as input one list, calculates its elements' sums
582: Recursive factorial calculation function. If input is nonnegative, return the product of all positive integers less than or equal
583: Extracts the number part of filename and returns it as an integer. Uses '.' to split filenames into
584: This procedure returns the maximum depth of parenthesis in input string. It uses recursion to count levels and stops at encountering
585: Code snippet of the relu activation function. It takes as input any real number and returns one if positive, zero
586: Compute the non central m^(th)-order moment of vector using given parameters. For instance, if you wanted to
587: This function strips the zip or bs file extensions from filenames. The .(g?z?.?) suffix is
588: This function creates unique ids related to cities and states. If the input 'city' parameter is provided, it append or
589: A function that returns the sum of two numbers. It also counts how many digitis in number it represents  . This is
590: Returns the same string but with all line breaks removed.  For example, if you call `(code :test . ,
591: Normalizes the input string of double quotes to single and vice versa. This function is used when loading data from files into
592: Skip specific objects in the application. If not specified, do nothing but return 't' if skipped object is __
593: Counts the number of word segments in an integer. The count starts at 'start' and increments by bit width,
594: A recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two integers. It uses Euclidean algorithm where after each iteration,
595: This function compares the dates of two friends. If their common date is not null, then it returns false; otherwise true
596: Function to calculate Total Numbers Recovered.  The function takes two parameters, total numbers recovered and failed tries , then calcul
597: Converts frequency value in Mel scale to Hertz range . Code takes input as either integer or vector of integers,
598: A function to replace all newlines in the string with '&lt;br/' .  This is useful when you
599: Return formatted string of option name and its corresponding setting.  Empty if no settings are available or equals to 'false'.
600: get the best action to reach given window size, using round robin protocol's rule" .$(if $c
601: Creates or retrievs the hash of an arbitrary string. The result is assigned to zero one in case if it has not
602: Returns the scale factor to be used when computing kernel density estimates based on samples from data with given 'dimensionalities' . This
603: Generates the string representation of an application's major, minor and patch level. For example '1'. If given ((
604: Creates future with the provided string as it's initial value.  The resultant object has no particular behavior in its
605: removes the first ! character of any line in input string . `s` is to be modified.    'replac
606: A function that computes the density of air at different altitudes in kg/meter^(solar radius)."
607: Function to create URLs based on the provided arguments of type 'index' and its corresponding data provider ('source') from NO
608: Defines the function abbrevan which takes one argument and returns first character of it. It is used to abbreviating names
609: lerping between two values.  'val' is the interpolation factor from [0,1] representing position of
610: Verifies if required column names are valid in the request. If not, it raises an error with details about which ones were
611: Checks if two numbers are even or not. 1/ Checking the remainder when one number is divided by another in
612: This function returns the precedenc of an arithmetic operation. The higher number means more priority."'s"   - J
613: get the size of recording region in machine time steps. .'s"}}}}}...}'.")))]]. ")"
614: Create or get actions based on the 'part' of an experiment.  The part is identified as either deleted, started etc
615: Code snippet to find the module at given reference within PCB Line List. If not found, returns #false . T
616: Returns the response description of an array element. The first and second elements are joined by ': ' ." . ->
617: Checks if string is equal to original, but with some modifications. Also handles transformations like underscores and square brackets
618: Returns the number of hexagons in an octagon with one vertex at origin. "n" is height from bottom to
619: Generates layer names using either the default or given string as preamble. If no index is provided, then only returns
620: Generates an inversion of IP address v ersion -1.   [Requires knowledge about string manipulation and list
621: Return all invalid values in the list of tuples.  This includes those not within given range or are non number type
622: Checks if the given number is in triangulated form. For example, whether or not 'k' can be expressed
623: A function to find the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  The result is in form list with first element as minium
624: Function that takes in two lists of equal length, and returns the transpose result from applying map on every element. In essence
625: Removes all remapping entries with the given "PREFIX". This is done to prevent duplication of mappable elements
626: Generates the same output as Python's str.center function but does not use extra space at both ends, just insert
627: "Returns the elements from within each list in 'Group' that is not equal to given element."  Ex. input ('
628: Function that converts an argument string into boolean value. Possible values are yes, y , true or t and ‘
629: Extracts two wave files named as <file>a and .<outname> <suffixes in the given filename
630: checks if there are two dollar signs in succession. Each pair is considered to be valid, and the entire string counts as false
631: This function takes an arbitrary nested structure and flattens it into one dimensional.  It uses the 'append' operator to
632: Converts the angle in degree to minutes and seconds, optionally with respecting location names from file locations; otherwise returns
633: Generates an indicator of whether the input number is positive or negative, and returns it in singular form. If no value provided
634: Calculates the number of items in "numbers" that are bigger than given integer.   Code length=30 ch
635: A function to append spaces before nonempty strings. 1 line of python or javascript program only . Code : spacing required
636: A function to retrieve the value by given pair in list.  "P" stands first item of paired lists . In case
637: Function to convert Farenheight temperature into Celsuis Temperature using given formula." Code:. Define function
638: Returns true if the input is palidromic, else false. This function works by comparing characters at corresponding positions from both
639: returns the triang number at position 'n'. For example, Triangle(0), Returns :3. If called with
640: Creates string formatting function to print floating point number as text, including handling of zero and negative numbers; handles the decimal
641: validate that probability is between [min="[a number]", max = "[max]"]. if not valid throw an
642: A recursive function that finds the largest prime divisor of any integer. It starts from two and checks each time if it
643: Returns true if the given string is reference type, otherwise returns false.	```' & ' are references to an entity
644: Code to calculate the csi value of an entity in terms with two parameters. If either or both inputs are zero, then
645: Define dSA Constans, get the values of D & S in an array. Return either constant value or input as is
646: Compute and return difference in angle between two given points on unit circle relative to x axis with positive direction as when first argument
647: generates list of components that have dependencies on the current component. The function checks each dependency recursively, maintaining an internal state
648: Calculates the number of frames in video. The size, frame shift and total pixel count are inputs to calculate numbered by
649: This function assign weights to the syntactical roles of entities. S stands as strong, O indicates moderate and X means weak
650: Creates an offset list by applying the movement vector to coordinates of input position.  The vectors can be defined as pairs or
651: Given three inputs, return the y value given an equation of form `y = slope *x + interception`. .
652: Given the start and stop indices of an interval within which we want to search, filter out non covering intervals by considering its length
653: If spin systems are intertwined, returns true; else false? Code computes the mean spins of two sets when system
654: Cleans up the end spaces of given string. – Text contains extra space at last line which breaks it from reading correctly
655: Code that calculates the dot product of two 4d vectors. Useful in physics simulation or similar applications where we are
656: Returns the result of performing arithmetic operation.  Given two numbers, it multiplies one by another and returns an integer value
657: Returns the 'i'th value in set, where i is calculated from bits of binary representation. A bit within that index
658: A compare function that uses the second part of item identifier as numerical value. It is used to order items in sorted way on
659: Checks if the absolute difference between two values is within an acceptable margin of error in terms on whether or not they are approximately
660: Creates price levels based on the provided initial/base pricing, number of related prices and order in ascending / descencing
661: Escape the user's inputted username. _(_ escape . ) will return an escaped version of provided in to get
662: generates the header of an ontology.json file with name and unit information from input hash map `metrics`
663: This function returns the list of remaining files after moving any number in `movedfile` to other directories.  It checks
664: Returns an HTML link string.  Label and URL are the parameters of function to be displayed in anchor tag with its href attribute
665: A function to find the first index of an even number in input array. Returns - by default if no such element exists,
666: A function to check if all the elements in 'word list' are alphabetical.  Debug is used as an
667: This function maps an action to questions.  Given the string argument it returns '(“whom”,’‘ why'
668: This function checks if the input string is of suit. It takes in one argument, an element with two characters indicating what kind
669: Returns true if the bit at 'offset' is set, else returns false. The function checks whether integer part of OFFSET
670: Add Dokumentation Id and Title from markdown files in the directory of type .md/.txt/". Returns processed
671: A function that checks if the given input is of type 'section' and equals to "'file history'" or not.
672: Produces an unordered list with links.  Arguments are the titles of each link and their corresponding URLs, followed
673: Fetches metadata from the given table. 1/3 of total operations, not used in querying only but may
674: Get binary representation of input number. Returns zero if less than two and one otherwise, indicating whether the provided value is nonnegative
675: This function takes three arguments and performs modular multiplication. The remainder of the product divided by third argument is returned as output which satisfies
676: A function to find the opposite of an inputted cardinality ("north",	"south","east" or    west
677: A function to generate plural form of list elements.  In English language, it'll convert singular and 'y into their
678: Parses the given custom commands and separates them into individual parameters. It does not interpret special characters like parenthesis or
679: Get the name of last segment in AWS ARN.  [#aws][]" #AWS][]. Returns nil
680: Retrieves the label associated with an edge in graph data structure. The algorithm assumes that edges are connected to vertices and labels
681: Preprocessor function that converts tabs, newlines and carriage returns into spaces in text. It also handles multiple lines of the
682: Given the direction of depression, returns corresponding stroke value. This is calculated by adding or subtracting to base stress level depending on
683: Transforms the given block of input into an array or list where each element is split by newline. “\r
684: This function converts BING Tiles Key to URL format used in API calls from Quad Keys .'s."
685: A function that retrieves the corresponding binary arithmetic operator from an integer. The operators are represented by numbers, and they can
686: This program is used to strip command line arguments. It determines whether the given argument should be skipped or not based on its
687: A function that takes the 'raw' input from an expert system and calculates its DBOT/Expert System Score
688: Calculates the ratio of one variable to another. It is called 'varsigm'a function that takes two variables, and
689: This recursion problem is solved by determining the maximum value of items that can be put into an empty knapSACK with
690: Code takes in list of values and compares each value to the next one. If they're equal, it increments
691: Code to read text corpuses and generate features from it. Includes the ability of adding labels/classes during data preprocessing
692: Normalises the string to replace pipe character with underscore and dot, useful when using as path or file name. Returns
693: Create an instance of the MappingTable class, with 'domain' as its parameter.  The table name is generated from
694: Returns whether two given numbers are the same parity. Takes as parameters,two integer nums(n and/or
695: Returns None if the list is empty. Otherwise, returns its argument unchanged."  ->  ```(#\space .
696: Constrains the input to be within an interval.  For each element of sequence/array, replace with its constrained version
697: Check if one rectangle is within another. Code checks whether the first and third coordinates of both input boxes are in between each other
698: Generates the power series of any given vector.  It does so by taking each element in its input, raising it to
699: Get the gender of an individual given its name.   The names are case sensitive.")."}') ;; return either
700: generates the predicate function based on attribute name. This is similar to generate_attribute in RDF4j, but with more
701: Merges two dictionary objects into one. Two dicts are merged on their keys, values will be from the second object
702: This function is used to get the extension of library file names.  If 'shared' flag, then returns .dll
703: Calculates the weighted average of an RGB color's red, green and blue components in one line using let syntax with two
704: Transforms names to the correct format of variable naming in C language. This function replaces special characters @,-, .
705: "A soft threshold function, where if |x| < λ then return ±λ else zero"   .
706: Code checks if string input is valid by ensuring only alphanumerical characters and underscore are present. If none of them
707: splits input on commas, trims white space around each resulting subcomponent.  If the original order of substrings
708: This function is used to get the commands available in gitflow. It returns all unmentioned Git Flow Commands and their order
709: A function that parses boolean from parameter.  This is useful if you want to deal with some parameters which can either be
710: Converts the given number of frames to milliseconds, according with provided frame rate .   [END SUMMARY]
711: Generates next power of two. It uses recursion to find the smallest integer that is greater than or equal on its own
712: Find the character position of first upper case alphabetical letter in given sequence. If not exists, return #F . El
713: Converts temperature from one unit to another using K, C or F" . Please note that we assume the input is
714: This function checks if the given strategy is valid or not.  For now, it only supports basic strategies but can be extended
715: Generates fraction strings from two numbers. The output string will look like [numer/denom]. If the second number is
716: Convert centidecimal frequency to microhertz. Returns the equivalent in uHertz format as output from function call
717: Calculates the CRC value of given byte sequence.  Useful when dealing with protocols that need to verify transmitted integrity,
718: Returns the domain of an nfold, or first element in case no nested lists are present.  The input is checked to
719: Creates an oneline description of the functionality or purpose that your function provides.  It should be concise but informative enough
720: A function that returns the dimensionalities of columns in table. If it's not list or if its first element is string
721: Checks if the given file name has an extension. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false - one line function to
722: Function to decrements the GPIO input/output number by one. It is used within control loop of main program where we are
723: Return the color of an item in position '(x,y)' if it exists. Otherwise return black (#196
724: Returns the weight of an object within its box, if not in it returns zero and negative weights are applied when outside boxes
725: This function checks if the given true values and predicted value are equal. It returns ‘True’ or 'False' based
726: Calculates the rise in temperature and loss of energy due surface heat transfer from an object with given operating parameters .'  |
727: Returns the numerical representation of time slot in given string format. It returns integer from [from Monday to Sunday]. If it is
728: Simplies an arithmetic equation using addition and multiplication. It takes two numbers as arguments, multiples them together with 'x
729: Detection of the language used in GPU computation.  It uses two keywords ("$_" and "_=", which are often
730: Code takes as input the elements of an ordered sequence, and constructs new sorted lists. The result is all possible permutations
731: Implemented function to get the unique value of an element at certain level in hierarchy. If such hierarchical data is available
732: A function to mask out part of string sequences based on its position. If no parameters given, the entire input is returned as
733: Function to convert Gas Per Minute(s)/hour from gallons per minute or gpmin/hr, returns lit
734: A function to compute the Hammings distance between two DNA strings. It returns an error if any of inputs are not valid
735: This program generates n grams of size 'N' in string. If the length is not multiple or equal to N then
736: This function normalizes the string. If given, returns an optional prefix with spaces added to appended in between it and '
737: This function converts the format type to string. If it's analog, returns 'Analogy'. Otherwise if alternate
738: This function takes as input the number of an unsolved eulerian trivia puzzle, and returns its associated file
739: Return the first string in list, or #F if empty.  If multiple strings then return shortest one"   .
740: Parse the edges of an XML dependency graph. Given raw input as strings, return parsed form which is in list format with
741: Given two sizes, return the smaller size. If they are equal or one of them is not given in terms with pageSize
742: This function receives as input two lists of parameters and removes the spaces between them. If they have '+' in any position
743: Convert an RDFA predicate to readability. This function is used when reading ontologies from file formats such as .
744: Convert hexadecimal color string to RGB. If the input is not valid then return an error message." Code": ((
745: Return the number of pairs that can be made from input array 'A' with at most one element repeating in each pair.
746: Convert underscore separated string to all capitalized.  eg.: my_function -> MyFunction, etc... .
747: Relative sequence function. This will return the difference between two sequences of integers in base -10 or less than that by
748: A function that takes three strings and converts them into an integer representing the size. If they are only one string, it
749: Apply default value to each element of list or pair. Default is applied if none, otherwise the original non null and paired elements
750: Returns true if the provided string is an IPv4 link local address.  It will return false otherwise, or in case of
751: Returns average of elements in given list. If no input, returns nil; if not an empty set return 'average is
752: Compute the power iteratively. Outputs result of raising "base" to exponential term ".exp". This version uses recurs
753: Counts the number of rooms that have at least 'wanted distance' away from other room.   //(distances
754: A fast exponentation algorithm. Uses recursion and reduces the problem of calculating power by half with each step reducing time complexity
755: Create or return the plural form of given word/phrase. It uses English rules to determine if 'n' is singular还是
756: A function to get the nth tuple of given list that contains at least one element equal as 'item' from current
757: This function adds two vectors element by 	element and returns the resultant vector. Both input vectore elements are assumed
758: Calculates the nearest lower number that is also divisible by two. "input" to be passed as an argument."The
759: checks if one element is in the list of others using recursive method. It traces back to its parent elements until it either
760: This function returns the unique identifier of each weather stations. It uses USAF and WBUN as keys in dictionary to
761: Checks if given number is power of two. This function uses the fact that all powers can be expressed as '1 *
762: checks if the given 'role' is in an authorization list.  Useful to avoid recursive calls when working with
763: Code snippet that takes in an input string and replaces any keyword within the language syntax with underscoes. Used
764: Computes the product of all elements in list. For an empty input returns false and if there's only one element,
765: Returns the length of string. If empty return zero else add one to total characters in remaining sub strings until it is finished processing
766: A function to resolve prefixes in tablename. If the name starts with '.', it will be considered as relative,
767: Checks if the given 'volumetype' is allowed in ElastiCache.  If not, it raises
768: This function calculates the square of distance between two points.  The first argument is treated as origin and second one to be
769: Combines all the elements in list 'a' into one string with underscore separators. For instance, combineLastNames
770: Function to calculate the products of numbers in an array except self. Takes as input list/array and returns output vector with
771: A function to determine if the provided argument is boolean value. (define ((and lst))) ... ) . #
772: Given an input character and the complete text, finds occurrences of that single instance in order. If there are no instances
773: A function to calculate the ZOO size based on animals in zoos, which is related with animal species and their number
774: Check if number is even. Code returns true or false based on whether the provided integer parameter "input" could be considered as
775: This function takes one argument, 'field' and returns zero if the given string is among four common fields; otherwise it will
776: Naïve Tokenization. It divides the given input string into individual tokens based on space, punctuation and other
777: Return the number if it'is already in integer form. Otherwise, return False or NULL depending on whether input is empty string
778: Generates an association list from the given URLs. The function takes in input of two strings and returns one string containing associated
779: Convert input string into numerically based on units. It reads the first two characters of strings and convert it to corresponding numerical value
780: Generates all splits of the given id into an empty list or sublists. It starts by creating two lists, one
781: Generates the name of clean version filename.  Code to convert all special characters in given string into underscores and replace
782: Convert an arry to string with numbers separated by space. If the input is not valid, it returns 'Invalid' or
783: Cleans the email from all special characters and numbers except letters.  For example, 'test1..example...' will
784: Function to convert margin ratio into leverage value. The higher the risk, hence more assets per unit of capital can be used as
785: A function to calculate factorial of an integer. It checks if the number is less than or equal one, returns it as
786: Function to create an equivalent of gencode's _indents.sh command, adding the correct amount and types on each
787: A function that takes in list of links and returns the valid ones with reference to their months. It only accepts those items where
788: Defines two functions, 'truthtrue' and truth. The first one checks if the given parameter is equal
789: A function to return the appropriate textual input based on provided parameters, used in price extraction from different types of data files .
790: Creates an input function that splits the given multi line inputs by newline, then maps each of these strings to their
791: Returns the given vector of numbers with each element being padded by zeros at both ends.  It's called on
792: A function that finds the last index of nonempty line in text. If no such indices exist, it returns 'false'.
793: Defines the clamps an integer to its boundary.  If smaller than min, return max; if larger then returns small
794: Determine if the given string is palendromic or not. A single character in any of its parts are considered to
795: Code generates subtring from the provided attribute name without its private parts.  The public part of an object is defined by start
796: This procedure maps each element of an input list to itself and then takes the first non null result, raising Value error if there
797: returns the installed target identifier, or original package if no specific installer is provided.  The format depends on what type of system
798: Look up the Amazon SNS Topoc entry. Returns ARN of first matched subscription found in provided Session and then . This
799: This function finds all prime factors of an integer number. It works by recursively dividing the input value until it can'
800: A function to map simulation technology names in the form of strings into their respective identifiers.  It is used as part input
801: Creates an instance of transaction with specified properties. 	Type : 'debit', or other valid types such as credit
802: Deletes the first occurrence of each character in list from input strings.  Recursively delete all occurrences .'
803: Generates string representation of all players' individual scored card values. The generated output will be in the format '(playerId
804: Decays the learning rate by an exponentially with each training step . The first 'epoch' is at initiation,
805: A recursion based function that sums the digtis of given number. Code written in scheme language.""")'", "
806: Code snippet to determine the difference between two lists. The result will be another List, containing elements that exist only in
807: Compute factorial of given number. The function takes an integer as input and returns its factoring result through recursion."
808: Creates log formattings based on the level of detail required. The formatting includes timestamp, name and message in each
809: Code creates an intermediate representation of the given tensor in Python using NumPy arrays. If required, it pads or trims tens
810: A function to identify whether the string starts with an underscore. Note that it is used internally within Mosh and others
811: This function computes the cross product of two vectors. It takes in one argument which is each vector and returns their three elements
812: Returns the stream label.  Code takes in three arguments - Sample rate, Channels and Block size to generate unique labels based
813: Removes indentation from the beginning of each string in input list.  This is useful to convert strings that have been
814: Returns the Euclidean distance between two 4 dimensional points in three space. For more precision, use sqrt instead of +
815: A function that checks if the first lines of an error message start with "===>".  This is common in log files
816: Compute the sum of squares. Function takes an list and returns its square roots with apply function combined in one line using l
817: Code converts decimal numbers to binary. If the input is not valid, it throws an error message saying 'invalid'. Otherwise
818: Maps the provided commands on an integer representation of their execution state. Returns false if none exists and returns specific error message otherwise
819: A function that marks all occurrences of specific terms in the given text. It uses dictionary to store already marked word counts
820: Count the number of whitespaces in string. Parameter is input, returns counts as integer."' | python -c '
821: This function is used to return the multiplication of two numbers which are passed as argument. It takes into account that every byte has
822: Function to get the base or parent versions of an application .   Code is used as reference point if needed in case there are
823: Converts strings to boolean. Y/Yes -> True, No / Falses only T &F or t
824: Sanitiizes the given input string by removing leading, trailing and extra white spaces.  "(remove excess whitespace
825: Generates hash from given data, where each key is unique value of column header and correspondingly its associated values are the rows
826: Convert temperature in the input 'unit' to kilos of celsius or Fahrenheit . If not available
827: Converts Kodicom Covers's notation to ASCII. Note that not every character has an exact match
828: Compute the potential energy of an Lennard Jones pair given its local volume and surface area, along with optional radius cut
829: Code generates an expression in SQL format from input list of column names. If no condition is provided it simply returns empty string otherwise
830: Convert English sentences into PIG Latin. A sentence is read, split by spaces to create individual phrases/sentences and then
831: Code defines function _matches to match type of event. Returns 'event' if the input is matches, else returns ''
832: Code generates flat list from nested lists. In case of null input, returns empty brackets; in other cases converts the
833: This function returns the smallest possible expected number of overlaps between one pairing in which two members draw. It's computed
834: This procedure is used to convert the range of registers into binary format. It uses an algorithm that reduces its computation by dividing
835: function to convert given number of whole years into seconds. For example, if you give it two arguments the output will be eight
836: Creates if two objects intersect in the x direction.   Two colliders can be defined to determine intersection based on their
837: Returns the four points on which to draw an arc of given center and radii.  Used in GUI design, etc...
838: Function to find all header tags in given text. It loops over each element of the list, checks if it's either
839: This function checks if an integer is prime by using the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm. The hash table `
840: Code defines the dot product of 3D vectors. Vector is represented as list containing three elements in it, ie.,
841: Converts the given list of '(HABIT . DATE)' pairs to markup format. It generates lines
842: Swaps the http and https schemes of an URL.  Uses simple string manipulation functions on inputs which are strings in
843: This function returns true if the provided parameter is an auto number or string, else false .'   }]}`}}}}}
844: Creates and returns the vector of differences between two vectors. The result is in form [a-(b,c,...,n
845: This function checks the first element of each list within xml data. If it's real prediction, then return that as result
846: Function to get plain text value from the given object.  Return 'undefined' if no such field present in an instance of
847: Function to append element at the end of list.  Code snippet :(defappen .d/s d
848: Return only the field names as strings.  Code to return all non empty objects from list of possible object types and their associated
849: This function calculates the relative difference between two given weights, considering both bounds and applying some configurational parameters of different types like
850: Given an input string, truncates the sentence and adds tokens to make it length 'num' characters. Pads end with
851: This function removes all sequentially duplicated elements from the list. It works by checking if current element is equal to next one
852: A markup language processor that converts the given string into MarkDown format. It sanitsizes and fixes any invalid/
853: Function to generate the solution of TowersOfHonaire puzzle using recursive call and stack. (A problem
854: A function to calculate the score of cards given in list format. If we get only one card left, then it returns its
855: This function generates data structure to store the information of DNS record in mozilla's servers, which is stored as one line
856: Generates the name of an FUZZER module. e..g., it could be 'foo' if there is
857: Create list of all paths based on given keys in the form ./. or /.  The function takes as input List<
858: This function takes as input an hypothetical resource' s sanitation and converts it to have no dashes (-).
859: Given an empty list, the function returns whether or not it'd exist within another given dictionaries. The purpose behind its
860: Converts the hexagonal grid to triangular form. Inputs are three integers - length of one side, number is
861: Reads the file from given path. If it exists, returns absolute paths else return relative one." (require '
862: A function to convert given string into its respective case. For example, "Mr" -> <mr><MR>> .
863: Get the id of currently logged in User. If no one is set, returns `#F` otherwise it's returned
864: Returns the maximum value between two numbers. Code uses an if statement to check which number is greater and returns it as output..
865: Defines an add method that can apply different levels of spacing. Useful when debugging with nested blocks, or in
866: Code checks if the dictionary passed in has an 'alerts' key and is set to true. It then ensures that each
867: This function takes an initial bound box and increases its height by the specified amount. The input is in pixels as per standard coordinate
868: Returns the types of features that are considered in order to extract trading data. These can include either 'price' or close,
869: Calculates the frequency of occurrence in different possible ways.  It applies each value and its corresponding pair from two lists together .
870: This function will generate all squares in the range from 0 to given number. It uses list comprehension with map and l
871: Returns the first non null/empty string in an array.  If there are no strings, it returns "NoValue".
872: Function to invert the letters of an input string.  Returns reversed version in uppercase formatting with no punctuation or
873: This function scales down the dimension of an image by half if its value is greater than zero. If not, it leaves as
874: Computes the number of set bits in an integer. Code uses bitwise operators to count and return how many 'bits'
875: Replace all occurrences of '\r' in the string with newline character.   –Decodes MIME
876: This function takes an input list and returns the squares of its elements.  It uses map to iteratively apply '(declare
877: Given the level of moisture, output whether it's dry or wet. The acceptable range is between ~68% and
878: Given the length of one side in centimeters, and mass index , compute an approximate height using lawmen’s ma
879: calculate the margin of error between two measurements. Note that it assumes both numbers are within acceptable ranges and they share an interval with
880: Converts an RGB value to Gamma space. This function takes two parameters, the first is original values of red/
881: Return the mask of 'i' bits. In binary form, it will return all zeros except one bit at position '.
882: Creates and returns the command to create an unbound symbolic link from source 'src'  on destination file/folder '.
883: A function to round number 'x' down or up based on the value of division by an integer, "y". If
884: Return true if the last two digits of 'n' are both eigths. If not, return false or nil
885: A function that converts ASCII strings to binary. The input is treated character by one byte at time, so no more
886: Generates list of edges leading to each node in the path. Each line represents an Edge between nodes along with its corresponding Node
887: A function to check if the given number is palidromic or not. 4/10 points" left
888: Compare two strings lexicographically. If they are equal, return zero; if the first string is less than second in
889: Convert string to http uri.  If the input is not an URI, return as it was given but with its protocol replaced
890: A function that applies the XOR operation to all numbers in an array. The result of each xoring is then combined
891: Extracts the major component of an integer string representing software or library versions.  Returns its number equivalent as if it were
892: This function takes in list of records, and returns names associated with each record. It does so by extracting the ids
893: A simple function that returns the same number if it is in [(modulo)] zero, one and two. Otherwise return
894: This function checks whether the input IP is shothanded or not. An internet protocol address consists of one to four octets
895: Returns pairs of substrings from the input string. The subdivision is rounded to nearest whole number, creating two equal halves
896: This function converts strings to boolean values. If the input is 'true', it returns true; if not, and its
897: Code checks the sum of all values in each row and column.  Then return result as total_sum = col1 -
898: This function takes one argument, which should be either an error value or the numeric equivalent of such. If it is already
899: Function to convert underscored string into cammel case. Example of usage : ((call/cc cvttoCaml
900: Create an RPM calculation function. This will calculate the rotation per minute from input values of 'count' and '_'. It
901: This function computes the precision of classification in binary classifiers. The two parameters are number correct assignments and totals assigned so
902: Code returns the run of experiments in which only D or md are found. This function filters out all other characters and
903: This function retrieves the schema version from given Manifests.  The returned value is an integer number that represents current implementation
904: The function takes an argument of 'molecular name' and returns the molecular structure as list – if it is string
905: Returns the number of tricks needed by all players in game. If any player's bid is higher than their current round tr
906: Convert an integer representation of the binary number. . The algorithm works by raising each digit to power and summing them all up
907: Function to calculate the layer size. Height is given as input and result will be number of layers needed by an astron
908: Returns one of two points on an curve defined as per specified function parameters and their respective derivatives based upon input list "ordered pair
909: Given an empty list of numbers, return the summation from these numbered digits. . e g([] ->
910: A function that converts booleans to strings. If the input is not of type number or Boolean, it returns an
911: Convert binary string to integer in base two. Code by @NilsBraus . Calls 'base convert' function
912: A recursive function that removes duplicates from an unordered list. The result is printed on the screen and returned as output
913: This function takes as input an unsorted list of integers and returns the same output, but in reversed order. It applies
914: "Compute the square of an input"  [insert relevant name here] - Computes and returns its argument's
915: Tokenizes each individual text file into unique, unambiguous terms. Each token is identified by its frequency and the
916: Returns the header namespace of an HTML document.  For example, if we have html = '(html ((title . foo
917: Provides the information about switches connected to hosts. -->END OF SUMMARY<!--   get info of specified or
918: Returns true if the 'wants' mask is equal to hash in AND operation.  1 means two bits are set
919: Create an image that can be used as the basis of future images. Resolution is defined in pixels per meter, such to
920: Create an event based on whether or not time is within the given range."   } {#lang racket} Box function
921: Calculates the Waller's Product, an infinite series expansion of epsilon over sqrt(pi). It is used
922: A recursion example. It checks if 'x' is zero and returns true, otherwise it makes the function call itself with
923: A recursive helper function that combines two dictionaries based on their key. If the same entry is found, it will not
924: A one line description of the function and its role. It could be named, e..."  .e(M)"
925: Decodes the byte input into fstops of an analog image sensor" . (encode/decoding function to store
926: Code defines timeout function that returns the input if it is more or equal to 1 second, else displays error and exits
927: Removes white space from given string. 		    Input -> Output . Efficient way to clean input strings of any
928: Convert the given UTC time to local formatted string. If 'UTC' is contained in input, it converts accordingly and
929: Generates regex to check if the string is followed by some part. 1st argument being that follower/base sequence
930: Determine if the given list of numbers in deutsche joscha's system is constant. A number N appears
931: Define function round to nearest integer, given floating point number 'num' . This will always return the closest in value intger
932: Code returns translation of language in greeting phrase. 1st condition is ES, the second one GE and third SV
933: Converts ECALCENERA COURSE to lower case. It checks if the input is in 'Comp
934: Checks if the given number is power of two. Code uses bit manipulation to check whether or not its argument meets all
935: A function to create coordinate objects.  It is based on the class of 'Coord' .   Arguments are represented
936: Given the name of an os file, determine if it is not from test directories or docs directory and also excludes D
937: This function will return list of predictions where all elements are either zero or one. In the case when an element in input is
938: A function that returns the result of adding three to its input. The value returned by getValFn is what we are looking
939: "A function that returns the guid of each element in an array list.""".trim()", """)(""" Gener
940: Increments the average value by adding given number to every observation. Useful in handling data where we need an incremented dataset
941: The function sums the digi[...]', ''ts of years since inputted value. This is done recursively and by
942: This function takes in the user's name as an argument and returns their about page URL on Facebook using https scheme"
943: A function that checks if two numbers are equal or one of them is zero, and returns the other number. Else it
944: Finds the first occurrence of an object in another list. If not found, returns -1; otherwise gives its position within
945: A function that multiplies the corresponding elements of two vectors. If one vector is shorter than another, it pads zeros
946: Starts by declaring worker as function with one argument - an integer, and it prints the given number to console. Work
947: A function that returns the given number plus zero.   It can be used to generate constant amplitudes when needed in digital signal
948: A macro to wrap or unroll function call. Works in either single functions and recursive calls, without any overhead from extra
949: Defines add one function which adds on to the provided number. The input is just an integer or floating point and it returns
950: Get reaction name. e means Endogenous or Nitrogen transport, and the first part of it describes what happens in
951: Converts kmph to ms. This function takes in the kilometer per hour and returns it as meters by dividing
952: Returns OR operation between two conditions.  If one of the arguments is not boolean it will throw an error else returns result after
953: Generates line style string. The function takes one parameter which determines the type of drawn straight or dashed/doted lines .
954: Checks if two numbers have the same number of significant figures up to "SIGFIG" decimal places using exact arithmetic
955: This function gets the type of an entity based on its id. Types include satellite, spacecraft and barycenter as
956: This function gets the Phone number and returns it as one single String.  .Example usage :( getphone '13
957: Format the given string into an Issue Key. It converts it to upper case and then formats with prefix - followed by
958: Create and return the latitude from decimal degree coordinates. Code is given in Python, but may be ported to other languages
959: checks if any element in the first dictionary matches with one of those elements within another. If it does, return true; else
960: Returns the followers ratio based on input parameter. Input is an ID of selection picker and output returns one among four ranges from
961: This function returns the notifications in 'List notifier' that are  	        no longer relevant. It does so by checking if
962: Convert string to number or boolean. If the input is not valid, returns error message as default value if available in language'
963: Returns the value of every element in `options` list. If count is even, return an empty array else returns each elements
964: Returns the item in 'items' closest to number or point defined by ‘pivot’.   -> Finds
965: Generates bandwidth of sound waveform from given frequency and time. It returns the result in bit per second, bps or
966: Returns the minimum & maximum of an integer sequence using recursion – one line function written in Scheme style language.""
967: Computes moving average using the closed form equation.  Alpha is smoothing parameter and controls how quickly an estimation becomes more
968: Creates an approximate solution to the raylifetime equation. This is based on two constants and parameters of interest in life
969: "Calculates the smallest bound of two points".  'p' is pair where first element represents x coordinate and second represent
970: Finds the longest of all strings found within list. Returns null if input is empty or contains no elements, else returns length
971: checks if state changes depending on neighbors' states. If no, it returns false; otherwise the number of true/#true
972: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. Bounding box format is defined as `(x . ,
973: A function that calculates the missing number from an ordered sequence of numbers. The input is also another parameter, which determines how
974: A function to check if the given keyword exists in any of elements. 1 argument is required and it will return true when
975: This function calculates the margin of error in boiling point using approximate and real measurements. It assumes that both values are relative
976: get User Data of the current connected client. returns list containing id, name and chanel . in format ["ID"
977: convert input to integer if it is either number or string representing an unsigned decimal. If none of these, return zero; in
978: Converts DNA sequences into their complements.  This includes replacing the Adenine nucleotide with Thymid
979: Checks if the given string contains either decimal point or hyphen.  Returns true in case yes and false otherwise, whether
980: returns the tensor name with its slot number appended.  In otherwords, it generates an id from current model's
981: Given an application version, parse it into individual components. Returns them as numbers in ascending order . exe '1',
982: checks if there is at least one indel in the cigars.  If yes, returns false; otherwise return true to
983: Generates the asymmetry peak height in cm. Given time, initial parameters and amplitude of peaks respectively." (load '
984: checks if two given arguments have the same width. It does by comparing their first elements and recursively checking those comparisons with
985: Create function to find the 'user' in dict/hashmap that is not null. – Function will return user name
986: Function to check if two axises are the exact equal or not. This function will return true when both axis have exactly similar
987: A function that returns the dual triangular numbers. Given three elements, it calculates their respective cubic and double triplets in
988: Finds the maximum sub array of an integer list. Uses divide and conquer strategy to solve it in linear time complexity O
989: Returns the percentage of expected gain from using 'theoretical' amount in unit cost. This is useful to compare two different
990: Convert c elsus to farenheit. "temp" is input parameter of the function that represents temperature in degrees C
991: This function takes the source key as argument and produces its destination(s).'".sub("@blob","")  }
992: A function to wrap around given list by checking if the specified value is within an interval. If not, it signals and error
993: Returns true if the URL starts with "http(s)?:\/\/[a..zA..., etc...]."
994: get ordo id from iri. It gets the specifics of an IRI, like 'http://purl .
995: Generates an appropriate string depending on the input, indicating what library is being used. It takes in as parameter sdk name
996: A function that takes in two parameters, the desired file name and returns it if found within passed list of files. If not
997: This function generates header information about digital marketplaces.  It takes as input an array/sequence with the names and dun
998: Casts the given object to none, returns #F. If it is already None then do nothing and return input unchanged
999: Counts nonzero elements in the input list.  Input is processed by using filter to remove zero values and then counts those
1000: Returns the default specification filename to attachments.  This is often set by server configuration and defaults otherwise if not specified explicitly in
1001: Returns the subwords units of given grammar rule. For example, when called with 'hello' and -bio-, it
1002: Returns the ceiling of 'x' divided by '_y'. It returns an integer part after rounding up. If _Y
1003: Returns true if the first character of string 'f' is "." or its last charachter in reverse order would be
1004: Return true if there is another element at the given sequence, and return false otherwise. If no more elements are available it indicates
1005: A function to recall with certain candidates, where we can select between all and some elements. The input is an ordered list of
1006: A function that performs division. If the second argument is zero, it raises an exception stating 'Cannot Divide By Zero
1007: Computes the product of horizontal position and depth after following commands in given list. A 'direction' is one outof forward
1008: Return the minimum value in each column of given square list.    Input format should be an n*n array, where all
1009: A function to determine the querying resource format by its string name.  This helps distinguish between different possible resources and handle them
1010: This procedure parses test lines. It splits the input string by ';' and takes two substrings which are separated
1011: Function checks if an input string is in the list of phrases. Returns true or false based on result." \n"
1012: Convert string to boolean. If the input is either 'TRUE', ‘t’, or Boolean object then return TRUE otherwise
1013: Convert atomic numbers to moles of argon, using precomputed conversion factors from the Argonaute Database and converting them
1014: Determines if the number is in Triangle numbers sequence. This function uses recursive method to determine whether or not it’
1015: This function is used to combine all the rules of an infix grammar with one another. The combined string result consists only
1016: This function converts milligrams to grams by multiplying the input value with .378496 times
1017: Checks if the event was not run by looking at whether or department name is given. If it isn't, then
1018: Check if given day in the past. Avoid processing those records which are older then specified year and month, but still within
1019: Creates arguments necessary to run optimization.  This function will handle different methods and their respective keyword argument settings by using an if
1020: This function checks if there are any line items in the provided list that contain only whitespace characters. If so, it returns
1021: A function to get the parameter name of an element in CVC4's syntax.  It checks if there is any
1022: Code returns the non isomorphic matroids of given set. The definition is that two matrices are called Non Isomorphically
1023: Creates and calculates the yield depreciation based on an accerence rate, initial investment value ,and interest
1024: Returns the internal IP address of given number as string formatting by adding leading zeros if needed to reach required length . This
1025: Generates the reflection of three dimensional coordinates in hexagonal coordinate system.  The input is given as two integers, and it
1026: "Determine if two sets of secrets conflict."  Check whether the secret names are unique. If they're not
1027: Remove leading and trailing white spaces from the inputted string. This helps to ensure that our AI model can effectively understand
1028: This function gets raw data with normalization. It scales and translates the input to fit in range 0 -> 1,
1029: Produce an appropriate header name based on the given binary number. For example, if 'i' is zero and there are
1030: Replace the dashes and dots of character name.  It will return only one line version without any spaces between characters in
1031: Create and retrieve configuration version number. If present in blob of data .   Pulled from or derived based on current
1032: Substitute characters to achieve similarity, cost calculated based on types of substitutions allowed. If all letters are identical and
1033: A function to calculate overlap score between two strings using Hamming distance as measure of difference in characters and length ratio compared with the
1034: This function searches the file "filename" line by Line. If it finds at least one occurrence of string 'to find'
1035: Sum up all the elements in an input list.  If no element is present, return zero .   List -> Number
1036: Check if two numbers are the same, including equal or zero. In other word - they have to be "close enough"
1037: Splits the URI into its components. It handles both absolute and relative URIs by splitting on slash or no
1038: Checks if two shapes are the same by comparing their first elements. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise
1039: Tests if the first element of one lists is in another.  Recursively checks each subsequent elements until it finds match
1040: Calculates the area of triangle given its bases and heights. |end generate| Code block with your solution is below, in
1041: checks if any of the values in an object is not "None" according to some conditions.  For list, vector and
1042: Returns the first, non empty string found in given 'dictionary' under provided `keys'. If none is available returns error
1043: Returns the connection string to connect with postgres database.  Contains name of PostgreS DB as argument which is used in
1044: A function to add colors from RGB values into the hash table data structure.  If no color is given then it backs up
1045: A function to filter out the matching records in two lists of strings. It checks if any string from one list is matched with
1046: checks if the input number is even. Returns true or false .(END SUMMARY).' - 'A function that determines
1047: Calculates the negative confidence level using given true negatives, false positives and total positive cases . If either of those parameters
1048: check the given inputted and expected output of your function “test” to ensure it matches. Test should return true if
1049: A function to add blurs in the beginning and ending of text. If it doesn't contain any space, then nothing
1050: Creates message id from input string.  if the supplied parameter is not of type 'STRING', it returns itself, else
1051: This function aligns the start and end points of word spacing in long sentences by looking at two lists, one containing potential
1052: Returns the TF score of an individual document. The Term Frequency is calculated as number(Term occurs in Document)/number
1053: Encode the array of ticks into one line. The function is used to transform an integer input, where it applies '
1054: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. Note that we are handling edge cases and special values like zero
1055: Code converts note number to its corresponding frequency in Hz or hertz" This function is useful when you want the sound
1056: Intersects two lists of points. It computes the intersection point in case both lines are not parallel to each other or
1057: Returns the file encoding. For writing, returns utf – eight; otherwise - "u t f _ s i g".
1058: Create an API Route.   ;; TODO replace with real function name and description once implemented or given by contributors when contributing
1059: Returns an EPSGAcceptable format as string, or the input if it's not of type number.  If
1060: This function creates an output file given its name and writes the content of provided list into it. It also has functionality to create
1061: Check if the difference between two values is less than or equal to provided Tolerance. If it's true, then
1062: Generates readability of time difference in terms. It is given number or timestamps which represent the count from start date
1063: This function takes in one parameter and returns the string capitalized. If no argument is passed, it simply does nothing . The
1064: Calculates the average of values with modification. Modifies and returns calculated value according to given conditions or rules depending on specific inputs
1065: Code snippet which calculates the probability of covering certain pixels in time.  Proportionally to pixel area, it
1066: check if target is appropriate in terms of dimensions. This function checks whether the provided object can fit into given area with specified width
1067: Generates the value of an equation line.  [..] The formula used to generate is derived from point algebra and uses
1068: Computes the square root of 'a' using Herons method, which is based on an improvement to Babylonian Method
1069: Returns the display name of an account by truncating it if its length exceeds MAXLENGTH. If not, just returns input
1070: A function to calculate the distance traveled given its initial velocity and time. This is inversely proportional with human walking speeds,
1071: Returns the sums and differences between means & variances in lists. For example, if given ([30 -74]
1072: Returns the minimum and maximum of two values.  "code": ()". If 'values are between" ". It returns either
1073: Computes the value of function f(i,j,k). This is done using addition and multiplication. It's
1074: Converts decimal degree into Direction, Minute and Seconds. It takes an input in the form of number representing
1075: "Unlists elements in list"  . ;;. Unifies the first and second element of each substring, if
1076: Checks whether the specified files contain ACKs. True if it does, false otherwise.";   Code checks and
1077: Generates the FIBONACCI sequence up to Nth term. Note that there is an additional layer of efficiency because
1078: Generates the number of CPU cores/Thread, either as it is or if threading support enabled. This function handles whether
1079: Defines function y(v,t). Takes two parameters - velocity and time.  It multiplies the first parameter
1080: Determine if the given string representation of an integer as well in form '##.###' or '#.' indicates whether it
1081: This is an implementation of parameter extraction from the documentation. It extracts parameters in .parameter files by stripping leading and tra
1082: Function to remove blank lines from the input. This function uses list comprehension and 'strind' method of strings in Sche
1083: Calculates the minimum value between two neighbouring elements of an array/list. If all values are negative, it returns zero
1084: Implement insert sort algorithm. Returns list of numbers after applying the Sorting Algorithm to it, using Insertionsort method
1085: Check if there is any price above the given 'threshold'. If yes, returns true. Else false .  Given
1086: generates key type by matching against certain patterns. 1 = RSU, PS - public/private keys ;  0=
1087: This function adds .CSS to the end of any input string. 	Examples : addcss("test")
1088: Creates the delta between two frames. If there is no next frame then returns zero, if we are at first or last
1089: Checks if two lists of file names are the same. If one list is subset or equal to another, it returns #
1090: Calculates the maximum possible value in each of three cases based on subtract amount, and weights. The result is returned as
1091: Pads the given sequence list with padding tokens.  The padded sequences are of maximum possible lengths and then concatenated into
1092: A function that takes list of load balancing pairs and returns hashmaps, each representing one pair. The key 'type'
1093: Code is used to calculate the balance of parentheses in an index. The function getBracketsDepth takes three parameters :
1094: Generates the rightmost index of rotation within [0,3]. If rotated clockwise it gives next number. In
1095: Check if an element is in the list of failures. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether that failure exists within your specified
1096: Generates the next value of an arbitrary sequence in one line.  Useful to make your script more readable and compact
1097: A function that generates more stuff in the output of given input. If an existing hash then adds key/value pair to it
1098: Code snippet of FIBONACCI sequence generator. It returns the first 'num' elements from fibonac
1099: A function that calculates the number of captured frames in each given set.  .   it also filters out overlapping windows
1100: Returns true if the input is an opening bracketing symbol, false otherwise.  If not called with parenthesis as parameter
1101: Gets the class of an object from its dictionary and returns it as string. It works by splitting on ':' then retrieves
1102: Convert MEL to herz. The input value is converted into Hz according the formula in .'s documentation string : Mel
1103: Adds the numeric values of all keys in dict to each key present at object level. If they are not already added
1104: checks if there is only one row of zeroes and it's the last. If so, then vertical line pattern will
1105: This function takes an object's base type and returns its localized version.  For example, if the input is 'object
1106: Create an environment version extraction function that matches given releases with specific versions from 3rd party packages or services like npm and
1107: Check if the input is in mixed case. If it's not, returns true; else false"  .   -
1108: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find gCD .
1109: Creates fancy label string with Nth dimension as specified by arguments. Efficiently handles negative indices and zero indexes .'
1110: A function that computes the difference between corresponding elements of two lists, and recursively calculates these differences until one list is
1111: Computes and returns coordinates in which each element is pair(a x b), representing its respective point's position on an
1112: Convert string to bool. If 'value' is “true”, returns true and if it’s not an integer
1113: Checks if the current game status is similar to its last saved version. If so, it returns True; otherwise False will
1114: A function that takes in three arguments, uses the 'strategy' argument to determine how much of an impact on users’
1115: Convert the given string to TitleCase format. This function splits input on underscores, converts each part of resulting
1116: Converts the number to an unsigned integer if it's greater than 'overflox'. Otherwise, returns as is
1117: Apply function to each element of list, maintaining order. – Function applied first then other elements in the same position from left
1118: Parses an ORDER string and attempts to execute it as if its from the ORDERS list. If unable, returns
1119: get information of the winning party in election results.  .   ..... etc..'s details on each candidate/v
1120: function to generate filename by combining an Era and the id.  It is used in loading text files from different eras .
1121: Extracting the id of Github's gem list in JSON format. Output is just one line containing unique ID value from
1122: Checks if the input is numerically or string representable as number. Returns true only when it's both integer and
1123: A linear interpolation function, which determines the position in one step. Inputs are start/end point and number of steps
1124: Checks if two numbers are summmarizable. ie., the first number can be expressed as second in digits
1125: Convert an input list of strings into integer lists. Converts each character to its corresponding ASCII value and converit it
1126: Return the input, but if it's false then return none. Otherwise pass through unchanged to next function in pipeline .
1127: Convert decimal to octahedral. .eo( 'code': convert the given parameter from deciaml system into
1128: Finds the intersection of all elements in list.  Input should be an ordered pair, where each element is another sequence;
1129: Computes the maximums and minimum values of input list.  Returns as two lists in sequence order from max to min."
1130: Generates the stubs's device info. This function takes in one argument which is an object that contains information about different
1131: Returns the given list with all leading and trailing whitespaces removed. If element is not iterable, it will return itself
1132: This procedure takes as input an integer representing the duration of time in terms per month. If it is between one and twelve,
1133: A function to check if the coordinates provided fall within or on an edge of our board. The first argument is number 'n
1134: A function that sums two encrypted/decoded numerical vector inputs. If they are equal, it combines both into one and returns
1135: Computes the number of digtis in an integer. Negative integers are considered to be non positive . This function uses recurs
1136: This function calculates the average length of two strings.  It returns zero if both inputs are equal, or else it will
1137: A function to calculate the kinetic energy of an object with mass and velocity as inputs, KinT(I;w).
1138: Code to generate nascar standard series seasons. e,g., returns '9873' from input value =
1139: Calculates the absolute error between two numbers. Uses relative tolerance to handle small deviations from zero and large errors in ar
1140: Finds the intersection of two lists. Code finds elements that exist in both list, returns new set with those items .
1141: Implements an optimized algorithm to remove newline characters from input strings. It's similar in function as the Python builtin
1142: returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to given number. If input less then one, it would return
1143: Implementation of the stripping function in Scheme. It removes whitespaces from string/characters." (end
1144: A recursive function to generate all possible nonempty subsequences of the input characters. This implementation generates every subseq by starting
1145: Generates headers in the correct order based on provided keys.   [Done] .  eox's python -m
1146: This function is used to find the intersection of two lists, or other 'iterables'. It's called with three parameters
1147: Convert the given value to boolean. If possible, it is either true or false otherwise returns original input as string conversion does not
1148: This function gets the string representation of devices. The first element in 'devices' list is used as base and then appended
1149: Function to determine if given coordinates are inside of the rectangle.  This is determined by checking all four conditions that would make it
1150: Code calculates the number of seconds from an inputted hour, minute and second. The functions are used to calculate multiplication by
1151: Constructs publish commands to be run on CI using Python and twinesrc package – A simple way of publishing python projects
1152: Defines the function clamps to return an input value between two other values, if not within those bounds it returns that bound
1153: A function to calculate the sum of indexes that are not zero.  It is used in conjunction with 'find' and returns
1154: Computes and returns the corrected percentage of each unique genomic segment within an annotation file. The values are divided by their total
1155: A recursive function that replaces occurrences of an element within list with another. It handles nested lists and pairs as
1156: Check if two MAC addresses match by up to one bit difference. Note that the order of these inputs does not matter in comparison
1157: This program takes an array of strings as its argument and returns the unique groups in that list. It does so by taking each
1158: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in pairs, each pair representing one vector and returns
1159: Get the Event data from Abide by name. Returns an empty list if no matching events found or more than one match exists
1160: Code checks if the HTTP request resulted in an error, and attempts to reconnect with provided credentials. If it fails more than
1161: This function returns the upper nible of an integer. In hexadecimal, it gives us more significant bits that make
1162: Worker and Async done. Code works with both threads, maps or multipliers."   .-->#<
1163: Classifies the error as either "small" or 'large' depending on whether it exceeds half of one. If not,
1164: checks if the input is in lower case and returns true/false.  If not found, it will return false with no
1165: Normalizes values. It will sort the elements in set, or keep non sorted and boolean/non string items as they are
1166: A function to concatenates two lists of round numbers. If the second list is empty, it just returns first one without append
1167: classifies characters in the input string by checking if they are alphabetical, numerals or specials. If length of
1168: A function that trims trailing garbage characters in the input string. If no garbages found, it returns zero else
1169: Code validation - check the status of software execution in general, based on 'exit' value from calling process/script or executable
1170: checks if the HTTP status can be retried. If so, returns true; else false is returned indicating whether to rety
1171: Given an array of regular expressions and the input, checks if any matches exist in that list.  The match is returned as
1172: This function calculates the total number of kicks in both teams. 0 if none exists or not applicable).
1173: Returns the merged query according to certain criteria. If all are true, it appends them; if any of 'h'
1174: Returns the string Hello followed by input parameter.  - Code comment added with .<br>   get function to retrieve
1175: A function to compute the time difference in milliseconds between two times.   Given an interval, it returns how many mil
1176: Converts degrees to arc minutes.		      .(infinity     -inf   )" }]]}..
1177: Code takes an input list of strings, splits them into lists on spaces. Then applies the format function to each part and
1178: Code converts all non lists to single items in the provided sequence. This function is recursive, and will convert any nested
1179: A function to sanitze the destination of an HTTP GET request. The first character should be '/' if it is not
1180: A list of products produced by specific types in the entertainment industry. .::[Hash table] containing product names as keys and
1181: A function to return the nth element from list. If index out of bounds, returns 'False'. Otherwise -> it
1182: Code snippet to calculate the difference of two complex numbers.  It is done by subtracting real and imaginary parts separately
1183: Function to parse and manage size of compressed images. It can generate different types or options in the image based on input parameters provided
1184: A function to identify the language based on .file extension.   Possible extensions are python, java , javascript and shell but
1185: A recursive function to find out how many times the subpattern appears in given string. Code checks each and every character of
1186: Extract the filename from an SVG file name.	"   ____________    .  ::::'      `\\
1187: A python implementation of the extended euclidian algorithm. It is used to find coefficients 'a' and coeffients
1188: This function will generate an output file that contains the regex token of all possible combinations. It is used in pipelines to train
1189: Code defines an enumeration of different types policies used in the contextual bandit algorithm. Each integer index represents one type or
1190: Takes an integer as the ASCII numerial equivalent of alpha characters and returns it's index within given number teams.
1191: This procedure calculates Sidák' Corrections in statistical testing procedures that involve comparing the means of several samples, based
1192: A recursive implementation of the factorial function. It is based on tail call optimization in Scheme language to improve efficiency when
1193: checks if the number is on at position 'j' of binary representation. ie, whether or not there exists an odd
1194: Retrieve and store natural orbital occupation numbers in an atom's properties.   [Note that only one occurrence of each number
1195: This function takes in the name of an external file or resource and returns its unique, descriptive filename.  It's
1196: Computes the derivative of PRelu function. Returns an activation value according to thresholding rule with respect given by 'alpha
1197: Generates the name of an .npz file that stores noisy parameter sweeps.  This function is used in data cleaning
1198: Removes excessively long marker entries. If the list has more than 'num' number of elements, it returns reversed
1199: Function to generate filename from pathname. Filename is generated by getting the string before .last in name, which will be
1200: Computes the sum of two numbers. It can handle integers and floating point values as inputs, otherwise it throws an error stating
1201: Checks if string input is false, 'F', null or no. Returns true otherwise" .))}}'s
1202: Checks if one string is subset of another.  Returns true or false depending on whether the first parameter, "long",
1203: Flatens the nested lists into one level. For example, if input is `((1 3)(4 ()(6
1204: remove the specified string from all substrings of input strings.  If it is not present, leave them as they are and
1205: Returns the character corresponding to integer or string input. If it is not an actual char then converts from ASCII value of
1206: A function that converts wheel positions to RGB values. The input is assumed as between -inf and inf but might not always
1207: Generates an list of parameters split from comma separated input.  Useful when dealing with HTTP request query strings which may contain
1208: A function to return color based on the layer type. Conv Layer has #ff, Pool layers have orange and other
1209: A function that checks if the provided string is tagged with version and returns it, else return false. If not properly formatted or
1210: Implements an equality comparison between two strings or lists. It uses recursion to compare each pair element and stop when they are
1211: This function calculates the time needed to charge given power, with specified capacity.  If no such calculation is possible it returns
1212: A function to calculate the factorial of numbers. The base case is when 'n' equals one, in which it returns
1213: Returns the multiplier of credits needed to build floors at specified index, taking into account that each subsequent level is half as expensive
1214: Checks if the inputted value is valid within range. If it isn'tu an integer or falls outside of permitted ranges
1215: Creates the nb of positive numbers in between two given negative bounds."  [code]: The function takes one parameter,
1216: Computes the sum of minimum values in each subarray.  The result is computed by reducing an array that consists entirely negative
1217: Return the name of segmented image file ending in seg_.  NIf none found, return #F."' | tr
1218: Flattern the fields in an ontology.  The function returns all subfields of each field from left to right and
1219: Sort list of pairs in descending order by second element.  If two elements have the same score, sort them based on
1220: Code defines an extract text function that returns the content of any node if it has one. Otherwise, return false"
1221: A function to get the administered origin of an entity. Includes support only by US and converts 'conventionally
1222: Lists elements are summed element by €lement. . If one of the lists is longer, then it returns an
1223: Function to get domain name from the URL parameters.  Useful in constructing more complex applications that require dynamic domains depending on
1224: Function to expand single period characters in the start of strings and return original string if there are no periods at all or it ends
1225: Returns the string with all spaces replaced by no space. A recursive process is used to remove leading whitespace from strings in
1226: A function that returns the path to ICD 10 or ICU Release of Throat and Muscle Intrac
1227: Checks if the given string is equal to gzip magic number. "". This function should return true or false based on
1228: A function that takes two integers and returns the maximum between them. If one of those numbers is negative, it will return just
1229: checks if an email or phone number in the given string contains numbers.  This function is useful to detect invalid data, e
1230: Creates an implementation of the function to convert Party Codes into readable names. 4/3 .code version from
1231: Defines the median of three numbers. If first number is smaller, then checks if next one's also less than or
1232: A function to generate jellyfin's url format based on the input. It takes care of relative paths by replacing '
1233: Validates if the given environment matches any of FLINT's supported environments.  If yes, returns it else return false
1234: This function counts the distinct locations visited by an antenna in order to establish distance between antennas. It assumes that each position is
1235: Generates an amplitude modulation by using noise peak as the basis of input to output signal, with specified parameters amplifying and
1236: checks if the given number is numeric.  This function will return true only when it's an integer or decimal value
1237: Tests whether two configurations are equal. Two configures will be considered equivalent if they contain the same elements in any order,
1238: Calculates the average of given metrics among classes and returns it or zero if no records found . Given 'metrics' are
1239: Checks if the input number is prime. The function returns false when not integer or exact, and it's only possible
1240: Return true if the given object is an 'emitter'.  A transmitters are objects that have been turned on by some
1241: A function to get the sentiment of an input number as either 'positive', negative or neutral. It uses if else conditional statement
1242: Check if the source is supported extension.  If yes, return true; otherwise false or raise exception as error message .
1243: Defines function to strip illegal characters from string inputs, specifically removes spaces and special symbols except underscores (. ) : -
1244: Defines an autotranslator that prints the percentage of completed tasks. If task is over .8, it returns
1245: Retrieves the name of an eXtensible Infrastructure Kit(EXTENSIBLE KIT).
1246: Checks if two input strings are anagrams of each other. In terms, it determines whether the first string is composed
1247: Generates the set command to be used on current Channel. 10 channels in total, each having an integer as its
1248: Returns the score of an item based on its index in relation to other items, where higher indices have lower scores" .'
1249: Given an artist's name and number of total follower, return the string format. For example 'Rick Astley
1250: Given an input string, checks if it's exactly ten characters long and returns the same value unmodified in case of
1251: A function that converts an array of strings to sentence. The first word is capitalized, and the rest are lowerc
1252: A function to move the current position in four different directions. Use string notation like R3, U4 etc., where each
1253: Convert the given input into table format. If it's not already in form of dictionary, just return as is..
1254: Finds the first element in list of lists where 'lpram' is equal to provided parameter. It keeps looking up
1255: Creates quaternary easing function which slows down on first 4 steps, accelerates in the next. The
1256: Check if `potentialchild` is subkey of the parent or not. Code to check child string whether it's
1257: A function to convert all lower case characters in the string into upper cases.  If input is empty or contains only whitespaces
1258: A function to determine if an inergy state and/or constant states can be used together.  For example, "
1259: Creates the MUNSLL value of moon with radius provided by user input in years since March, and gives result according
1260: Creates dictionary of English numbers as strings. This is used to map from integer values between -9 and +3 digits
1261: Returns the count of teams that have played both Football and Bad Mintuns. This is used to calculate team strength by comparing
1262: Given two inputs, it performs the function of clearing or unsetting bits at specified positions. The input is 'bb' and
1263: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. Each component of the input list is represented by an integer from between 'R'
1264: Code to escape % in naming files on Windows. ESCAPES all the percent signs of any file names contained
1265: This function converts the Severities into numerical levels to be used in Prioritization and Classification Algorithms .
1266: A function that takes in string and returns the format of solution based on its content. The returned value is either formatted as default
1267: Deletes specified characters from the input string. Useful when you have many similar instances of same character in your text file which
1268: Converts Fahrenheit to Celsius.   .::Conversion formula is (*(value -4
1269: A function to calculate fuel required by an object that weighs more than its mass and needs less or equal energy per unit of
1270: Creates normalized version of an input list. It accepts 3 arguments - the vector to normalize, and it returns its
1271: Checks whether the path is an absolute one or not. Returns true if it'll be treated as such and false otherwise
1272: Returns the date string without trailing zeros. If no such exists, return an empty String .'   ' This function
1273: Create the function transposes 3D matrix in one of two ways, firstly to channels last configuration and second - channel
1274: Replaces accented characters with their unaccented counterparts. This is used to decode CP 847
1275: Removes the common elements from two strings to create an equivalent "safe" version of their length. 0 is returned if
1276: Check if an input number is within the range [1, max] inclusive.   Code length constraint may cause some solutions to
1277: Checks if the string contains any numbers. True = has number, False otherwise."   -> `(defun num
1278: decodes ERD binary to integer. The function takes an input in hexadecimal format and returns the corresponding decimal number
1279: A function to get the RGB value from Red, Green and Blue color channels. This is done by using bit shifting operations on
1280: Constructs an URL by combining three string components. The first two are path segments, and the third is query parameters or endpoint
1281: A program that generates an error message when the server receives and handles HTTP requests. It does not handle cookies or sessions as they
1282: Function f that converts the temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit scale using mathematical function formulae "value
1283: returns whether or not the money can be made positive. If true then it's success and if false, its danger to
1284: Returns the size of group to be used by compress method. Depends on file's sizes and compression ratio, not just its
1285: Trims '(object . python enhancement proposals)' from the input string. `String to String` transformation function which removes
1286: A function to check if the string is composed entirely of bases. In our case, it checks whether all characters in 'IS
1287: This function removes consecutive duplicates from an array. It does so by comparing the first two elements of each pair and eliminating
1288: Compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It is used to find maximum number which can divide both these given integers
1289: Delslash function deletes trailing slashes. Takes as argument string with possible leading and trailin / or . Remove
1290: Checks the file type of URL. Returns true if it's not pdf, doc etc., and false otherwise..
1291: Checks syntax of model and file structure. If the program fails to find any errors, it returns true; otherwise false is
1292: A function that updates the count of true positive, false negative and also counts up when there is confusion among both targets. If
1293: A function to convert the number of bites into megabites.   .eol.)).))... )"
1294: Convert entity names to plain English. Used in the context of a game or other text/story setting, where we want user
1295: Given an ID list and dictionary, return decoded string. This is done by searching the dict with each of these elements in
1296: Return the ratio of x and y coordinates. 1/sqrt(x^pow +y ^ pow ) if only one
1297: Provide the name of an interface joint, replacing any instances that have double underscores with single ones. If no
1298: Create function that determines separators based on input string.  Code can handle pipe, comma and space as standard output separation types
1299: "Implements the function getPressedButton"   - Code and its explanation.  --(end of line)-- .
1300: This function computes the color associated with each possible value in range [min,max] of an integer. A special case
1301: Returns list of paths where each coordinate pair is greater than zero. The function takes as input an array containing one or more lists
1302: Produce only the numbers from list.  If no number in passed, return an empty one and if not any then continue
1303: Checks if an input number is prime. It's based on the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm,
1304: parse and return the first line of each JSON string.  If not available, then just do whatever it was meant to be
1305: This function checks if the first element of one list is present in another. It continues to check until all elements have been checked
1306: Returns the score of human participation based on their number." ---"code": "(defun answer (.num.) (*
1307: This function is to sanatify the input position coordinates. The positions can either be positive or negative but they should not exceed
1308: Function to standardize the string.  If empty or not of type str, return #F; otherwise convert it into lower
1309: Creates an estimate of the mean by smoothing over values from X. Useful in applications where we want to calculate statistics
1310: Computes F(n). The recursive formula is as follows. If 'm' equals to zero, then it returns
1311: resolve given id and name in the database.  It checks if there's an entry with that exact match or any similar
1312: Convert the first three letters of each full name date to number. If an invalid input, raise exception with message error.";
1313: Given an array of coefficients and exponentiation, compute the polynomial value. It adds up each coefficient multiplied by itself raised to
1314: This function gets all the names of keys in given dictionary. The result is an iterator over these name, one per key
1315: convert .NET int to string and then trim trailing zeros. Code adapted from Java'd conversion method in Jet
1316: calculates the volume of water molecules in an oxygen molecule from atomic number and molecular weight . Input are Oxygen'
1317: Check if all elements of list ‘l’ are in the given other lists. - 'list' is an abbreviation
1318: Reduces the degree to within [-π, +π]. If less than pi then simply returns it as is. El
1319: Calculates the first derivative of Kirkhorn–Friedrichs theorem in density with respect to ρ .
1320: Transforms input list into unnested form. It works by recursively reducing the depth of nesting if it finds nested
1321: Recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two integers using iterative method. The numbers are taken as input
1322: This function filters out the boundaries of an object. It does so by looking at each element in 'object' one after another
1323: Projects the vector '(xx,yy,...,zz)' onto basis defined by vectors ['xy',...,'zy']. Returns
1324: Corresponds to the "two" extension of each file in directory. This function checks if any two files have same name
1325: This procedure generates identifiers from input parameters. It uses conditional expressions to handle different types of inputs and replaces periods with unders
1326: Function to check if all elements in the list are unique. Takes into account nested lists as well by checking within each element
1327: Convert string to float value with percentages removed from the end of each line and then convert them into floats using decimal division
1328: Calculates JACCARD SIMILARITY between two lists. It uses the intersection and union functions to find common
1329: Generates the average of an elemental data structure; If all elements in list are zero, it returns original values as they
1330: This function converts an input between two ranges to its equivalent output. It does so by performing the conversion using linear interpolation
1331: Checks if string contains at symbol or not.  Returns 'True' when found, else returns false indicating the absence of
1332: A function that calculates the daily temperatures based on given temperature data. It keeps track of when each day's maximum temp
1333: This function calculates the total cost of all items in an order, taking into account their prices with no dollar sign at start
1334: A function to determine the appropriate msg typ in case of legacy messaging. ..., end with . Please note that there
1335: This function fetches all the posts on users's walls and returns them as hash values in list format. It takes two
1336: Returns the sub string from index "offset" to 'amount' of given String `s`. The function returns an empty
1337: Returns the path of given file or object. If it's not in its native format then converts to some default string
1338: converts an input id to one of two format strings - 'x' or ':y', where x is the second number
1339: A function to convert the input "heights" in cm into their equivalent values based on conversion factor of .9).
1340: Creates and stores an RPC trace log entry.  Useful in debugging network applications that use the remote procedure call
1341: Code defines the function to determine sign of an input. It takes in one parameter and returns either +, or maybe -- depending
1342: A function that computes the FIBONACCI of an integer number.   Code by Dennis Ritchie on
1343: A function that calculates the cost of traveling through an even number or odd indexed path. For each step on way,
1344: Converts each word in the input to Title Case. This is done by converting it's first character upper case and
1345: "Converts point to the equivalent position on canvas". It accepts three parameters - normalized coordinates of object, its average location
1346: Create an indexed function that returns the integer at each position. If both indices are zero, return 'zero'. For other
1347: Validates that the parameters of an electric component are valid. The components should have at least one between gate and inverting input
1348: Find smallest header depth in text. It splits by new lining and filters out non ##/### prefixed head
1349: Create or find filters based on actions.  . : Fetches the corresponding filter from either cache OR fetched by making
1350: Function to compute hour angle in the day. Calculates time difference between current and given input as hours from noon, giving an
1351: Code creates an element insertion function. It takes in parameters 'circle', which is the list to be modified, and two
1352: Returns the density of an object. Density is calculated as Mass/Volume . Inputs are in grams and cubic cent
1353: This function takes in two arguments, an SQL query string and limit. It returns the modified sql command to select top n rows
1354: Code creates an empty board. It fills each cell with either the character | or -, depending on whether it is in first
1355: This function implements scaling to adjust values between -0.9 and +4 by adding one before shifting them into halfway,
1356: Convert dBm to watths.	Covert signal strength from decibel milliways per hour into Watth
1357: get the position of next base in read by considering strands. It is used to avoid reading bases which are outside sequence length
1358: This function takes in an index list and return the values of corresponding indices from input 'F' 	sequence. The operation
1359: Generates an id by subtracting one from the provided stream key. If it'll generate new date, returns with '-
1360: Check if the given `dimension` and an array/vector's end. This function should return #true# or
1361: Returns the maximum value that can be obtained by taking one or more items from available values. The problem is solved using dynamic programming
1362: A function to remove any kind of character that is considered as puntuation from the given string input." I
1363: A function to compute an optimal value of the objective. If |qs(n)*f| >= tau*max
1364: This function replaces all instances of certain keys in the given data with their corresponding values from another map. It is essentially
1365: This function takes in an input list of word, and outputs the unigram version. It does so by taking out duplic
1366: Function to scrutinize and clean names. It removes any potential 'name suffix' from the input string by checking if
1367: A recursive function to compute the value of comp(val,size). This is used in calculating power. The base case
1368: Linearizes matrix index. The 4th element of the vector will hold resultant linearized position, which can be
1369: Check if the data is ISA formatted. .   ,,..     ....    .....      ...       :....."
1370: Generates substrings of equal length from input strings. If it cannot evenly divide, last segment will be shorter by one
1371: "Calculates the length of each individual character in input string".  This function takes an alphanumeric inputs and returns
1372: Convert an entire set of objects into their corresponding lists. The function is applied recursively to every element in the input sequence,
1373: A function that retrieves the bit at certain position in binary representation of any integer. It uses arithmetic shifting to retrieve each
1374: This function computes the reachable vertices of all pairs in an undirected connected network represented as adjacency matrix.
1375: Generates URLs based on the browser' and server IP & Port details, used to connect with servers running in different environments
1376: generates random alphanumeric keys.  the key is always lowercase . no spaces allowed and up to [N]
1377: A function that appends commands to LaTeX bodies. 		 .'|">\t'.			    /
1378: checks if two histroy lists are identical  Code is to check whether the given 'History' list(s)' .'.
1379: Flaten the given list. Returns an unbroken version of that flat, or simply returns it if not complex and nothing more
1380: This function takes two arguments, an item list and the chosen "pivotal" element. It then checks each individual of
1381: Returns true if the provided 'tile' corresponds to one of DORA’s terminal tiles. This function helps in
1382: Function that returns true if the end of chunk depends on previous token. If no tags available, it defaults to 'always'
1383: convert bytes to human readable format -> 👍 😎" ) . "\n";;])]]}]
1384: Calculates the decimal places in number division. If input is zero, returns default value of 'precision' multiplied by
1385: Function to solve linear equation by using the method of giaima. The first parameter is x and second one y, calculate
1386: Returns true if the given two numbers are equal within some small range, else false - used to compare floating point values epsilon
1387: PolyDecayer function that returns the decay factor based on its parameter, which varies over time and changes at different points in an
1388: This function returns the version attribute of an object. If it is not defined, return _default_. Note that different versions may
1389: Generates the reverse DNS name based on IP type and label list). (defun _getlistofdomainnames
1390: Code defines the minimum number of coins needed to make change. Each row and column corresponds with denomination, topmost left
1391: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using memoziation. This version caches previously calculated values to
1392: Calculates the sum of all numbers in 'somedata'. It uses "map" to apply addition function on each element
1393: This function converts the arguments to string. It is used as an initial step in setting up .md files or similar formats
1394: A function that finds the nearest neighbour to point on x, y coordinates of an image. For each pixel in given grid return
1395: Creates pairs with the mirrored elements. It reversed each element in list of tuples by using lambda
1396: Code creates linear interpolation between two points. It's often used to map from one value range on the input lineart
1397: A function to get the error message in an array of reports from the given format. If no errors exist, it returns empty
1398: Returns the full path of an absolute or relative inputted .file. This is achieved by simplifying and converting any potential sym
1399: Remove the given prefixed subtext from start of any textual data. This function checks whether each character in 's'
1400: Check if the name is one of two special names, return #true or otherwise.  Returns true in these cases else false
1401: A recursion to transform names based on the value of case sensitive or not.  The function works with cases in strings and
1402: Returns true if the given string is all non letters, false otherwise. The function checks each character of your input and returns immediately
1403: Convert str to bool. Return true if 'True' or any case version of it, otherwise false/. For instance the input
1404: Creates three copies of the list.  For example, if we call copy(v), it will return new lists which
1405: Code defines if any element in the given "iterables" is true. It checks each of its elements and returns immediately with
1406: Generates tokens using default formatting. If the input is not given, then an empty string will be returned and if it
1407: A simple learning rate schedule that transitions from the initial lr to half of it at around two third parts, and then dec
1408: This function is used to set the default KMER length in Velveth and Krangod tools. For velocity estimation
1409: A function to check if all the characters in given string are unique. Takes into account only alphabetic and lower
1410: counts the number of lines in .txt files with blank/empty or non empty lin.es" SUMMARY
1411: A function to parse XML booleans. If the input is not an instance of String, it will return false; if
1412: counts the number of times "Word" appears in an list, where case does not matter. Example usage is as follows;
1413: This function generates the squares of odd numbers in input sequence 's'. It uses map, lambda and filter to solve problem
1414: A function to retrieve the project url root from list of urls. The first prefix match is used in case multiple are found
1415: Return the number of additional roots required to match zero with an input vector in relative terms, ie., difference between two sets
1416: This function takes in two parameters, 'replacement' and the text to replace from. It will return all parts of an
1417: A custom context function to get django version in the application's requests . Customize your own versions of these details as
1418: A function that cleans the ID string by replacing non alphanumeric characters with underscores.  Used in cleaning up
1419: Combines two lists or one list with another. If the inputs are not both of type 'LIST', it returns an empty
1420: Curation function that checks if the elements of an array are present in another list. If they're not, it returns
1421: A function to return an error response with the specified request and details.  .' 'Failed Request':'(key name)'
1422: Produce the grayscale equivalent of an RGB color by averaging red, green and blue components separately weighted differently (.6
1423: Code generates an interpolated value in linear fashion. It takes the initial,final and steps as input to generate between those two
1424: Code combines two sequences into one with an optional date field. If any missing dates are found in either of them, it outputs
1425: Function to determine the data type of an input. If it's string, return 'Text'. Else if number or
1426: Check if the number is float. Returns true or false based on whether it contains decimal point."  [END]' .
1427: Return appropriate err message based upon the input parameter if present and supported by cache squidserver configuration file (.crt). If
1428: Checks whether the given input character sequence represents an empty comment. It checks two conditions - it's not blank and starts
1429: This function creates whitespace strings of the required length. It uses either '\\t' or space characters depending on whether they
1430: Returns the list of directories from 'path' input.  Uses .exists method to determine if item is directory or not
1431: A function that computes the distance from any given line to its half space. If we imagine two points on it, what
1432: Transforms the input vectors into an ECEF coordinate system. The transformation is based on standard basis of cartesian coordinates,
1433: Checks if the given number is odd. It returns true when it's an integer, and false otherwise; that means
1434: Calculates the equivalent binary index in an array. This can be used to assign values or indices based on range of data represented
1435: This function is used to cut the first part of every line in text file, and return them as single lines.  For
1436: Returns the volume of prisma.  Inputs are base and top areas, returns calculated value based on given formula"
1437: Parses the graduation dates and returns corresponding months. Input is expected to be in 'YYYAMMADDD
1438: Parses the string representation of an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application's environment to extract its group and has
1439: Checks if given integer is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true in the end . It uses
1440: Function to skip specified number of newline characters. This function can be used with string inputs as well, and will only look
1441: Check if the given strin is prefices by another provided sting.  		    If yes, return true; otherwise
1442: Generates an appended query with the given filters. The function is used to construct complex WHERE clauses in SQL queries or
1443: Code that defines function to perform floating point division.  This is used as basis of more complex functions in calculator application software
1444: Creates two binary operators that can be used to negation.  One is addition and the other subtraction, but also
1445: This function filters out the specified channels from all possible pairs of transactions. The filter is based on whether each transaction's origin
1446: Returns the maximum number of repetitions among all codes in bag. It's basically saying find out how many elements are repeated
1447: Check if the input is an empty line or not. This function will return true only when all characters are whitespaces and none
1448: Checks if there are any unwanted issues. If yes, it returns the type of issue along with its details about where
1449: Check if the given string has more than one character. Return true when yes, else return false .(enddef )).
1450: A function to transform bold tags into markdown style. It can also handle regular text with inlined html formatting but is
1451: "Computes the sum of all numbers from one to given number". Takes O(N). Code is simple and straight
1452: Returns the maximum importance of all trajectories. It uses average to compare them and returns its value based on how much variance there is
1453: Code to convert the map name in TMS style system of MapQuest . Returning longitude and latitde from
1454: Create an element with the given labe and add it to its list of child elements.  This makes non terminal constructs
1455: "(Disjunctively)"  determine if two or more lists are disjoint. In other word, it returns true only
1456: Parses an address in different units. If the input string starts with hexadecimal prefix, it is parsed as
1457: Returns the number of digits in FIBONACCI sequence at depth 'depth'. The index starts from "0".
1458: Checks if the input is either of symbology or list in python. If it's not then returns false and
1459: Returns the oxygen abundance of an atom or compound with atomic number 'Z'. It uses approximation based on empirical data in chemistry and
1460: A function to perform arithmetic division. Handles the error case of dividing with zero . Protected against invalid input
1461: This function calculates the next step based on current system timers and target duration.  It's used in simulation/
1462: This function calculates the kth difference between two points in Euclidean space. The distance is calculated using Pytagorean
1463: Recursive function to count possible tilINGS. This is the solution of problem Tiling Problems using PLAIN
1464: Creates an AWS partition name from the given aws/region. If not recognized, returns 'AWS'. Returns either
1465: Returns an unordered list of unique IDS. It converts the input into something that can be processed as multiple identifiers
1466: This function finds all the unfinished neighbors of every cell on given gameboard, ignoring bombs. The result is returned
1467: Wraps the input 'angl'e in degrees from -18o to +/-   .74 degree
1468: This function takes two arguments and returns the product of both if first argument is zero otherwise it will return just one number.
1469: A function to truncates string after length 'n' with an ellipsis. If the original String is less than or
1470: Return the first element of two input lists if its smaller. Otherwise, return second list reversed."     This
1471: This function returns an abbreviation of the given Segement Name.  It is used to provide shorter and more readable names
1472: A function that rounds all the scores in an array.  Input is one value or list of values, each representing individual test
1473: Returns true if the point 'p' is inside of box defined by vertices at points in coordinates ('b'). The volume size
1474: Code defines cut function to generate coordinates based on the specified axes and thresholds. It uses absolute values of these co
1475: Given input text with markup language tags, return the content as plain/simple string. For instance strip out HTML <br
1476: Normalizes an URL to include http if it doesn't already start with 'https'. Else, just the hostname
1477: sanity checks and removes extra whitespaces from text input.  . It also applies to any other type of data you need
1478: Code snippet to transform URLs into filenames. This function removes the protocol, domain and any % in ur
1479: Defines function to add two numbers. The syntax is similar with the 'math' library and uses binary operations in C++
1480: This function calculates the probability that outages will occur depending on whether they're due from users with higher/lower speeds
1481: A function to check if the input string is in ASCII format or not. If it's alphanumerical,
1482: This function adjusts the brightness of an RGB value by adding or subtracting from it. If resulting component is greater than maximum
1483: Given an input string 'code' , return the base component of given path, in other word remove any prefixes and tra
1484: This function takes an argument and generates the command line. It is useful in generating commands from arguments provided by user input, which
1485: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in Python using memization. The function fibs will calculate "
1486: Convert integer to corresponding ASCII character. Code snippet is used when generating random numbers in the form of AlphaNumer
1487: Checks if the game is over by seeing whether it's either in won state or draw. 0=draw,
1488: Returns the tag that identifies an object in context of its two dimensions. If no such information is available, returns empty string
1489: Given three numbers, calculates the result of an expression using them. The first two are used as input parameters to calculate one
1490: A function to remove the 'scores' key from an object.   #removalofsocre  . -
1491: Predicate of the predicate that returns #true if two lists are equivalent.  It uses equal?, an operation in Scheme
1492: Returns whether the job is healthy or not. The health of an application depends on its temperature and humidity level."   [
1493: A function that returns the URL to get artist information on Harvard Art Museus in given Country and Genders .  '(
1494: Computes the number of spaces needed to print an array. This implementation uses dynamic programming and memorization with precomputed results
1495: A recursive function that adds one if both arguments are numbers. Otherwise, it throws an error with appropriate message."   .
1496: Check if the string starts with 'W' or either Q/q / P.N'. Returns true only when it is
1497: Computes the transpose of matrix. For example, if input is ((a b c d e)(f g h i
1498: Generates one line summaries. It looks at the provided reference and extracts its description if available, or else it generates
1499: Flattens list of lists.  If the input is an empty array, returns another one as it's not possible
1500: Checks if the type of next object in specified 'direction' after current point. If it is boolean return true, else
1501: Returns the Border Gateway Protocol version to use. Uses default if neither GRT nor GLOABL is
1502: This function is used to schedule learning rates based on the current training/testing epoches using exponential decay in power of '
1503: Binomial Coefficient C(n,i), where the probability of success in each trial is p and there are
1504: A recursive implementation of the gdc function in scheme. .' '..''"'./user/.vimrc
1505: A function that counts the number of dots in an array. If '.' is found, then increment count by one each time
1506: Converts singular form to plural if necessary. If the input is already in plurarl, returns it as given else
1507: A function that takes in list of strings and returns the same sequence but with every element being converted to lower case. Additionally,
1508: Creates an application that will say good bye after closing. The main function simply calls the exit procedure to terminates execution
1509: Code snippet to calculate the value of an aptuire. 'val' is given as string and it should be
1510: Function to compute the sum of powers. Code defines an anonymous function which computes digit by digit and raises them upto
1511: Returns the parameter 'PV' string, with each word separated by plus sign. This function will be used in
1512: This function performs bit wise AND operation on two given IP addresses. The result is returned as string . If the length of input
1513: A function that removes duplicate entries from an input string. It uses the split, remove duplications and join methods to accomplish its
1514: Check if string is disease id. A dictionary/lookup function to identify the uniqueness of Diseases by their IDs
1515: Produce HTML formatted list of software project management related bugs, using the perma link to each bug's page and name
1516: Returns all combinations of elements from list "l" that can be chosen in size = to given number. For each element,
1517: "Computes the bit wise OR operation of two integers. If coefficient is greater or equal to zero then performs arithmetic shift
1518: A function that takes in two arguments, the string to strip and its ending character. If it doesn't have an attached
1519: A utility to automatically select optimal ECGE parameters based on specific preconditions - using FPsZ as primary electrode type &
1520: Generates linear interpolation between two numbers. Inputs are the start and end points, along with time 't' which
1521: Flatens one level of nested lists into flat form.  It will handle both simple and complex mixed forms inputs such as [[
1522: Produces list of time indices from given VM that are at the peak in terms relative to some threshold. This function is designed
1523: "Define the value of 's', then calculate it using formula" Summary ends here // Code starts below .// -
1524: This function gets the name prefix of given or defaulted file system. It handles both Linux and Windows specifics; /var
1525: Given an Address Set and Column Map, check if all addresses in the set are present as keys of their respective columns.
1526: Removes the plural form of English and French verbs. The function takes as input two parameters - 'verbs' list that
1527: Extraction of IP address from OID.   .e..o....d...g........s.....i ....n ..
1528: This function takes in the str of format 'yyyymmdd' and returns it formatted as per API requests. The
1529: Compute minimum value in an array. Returns first nonzero number, or zero if the list is empty . " [EN
1530: Defines an error message function.  Expected number of argument -> Received NumberofArgument .   For Debugging
1531: A function to format numbers in millions. It takes two arguments : number of the units and its position as inputs - where '
1532: A recursive function that calculates the minimum and maximum of each pair in an input list. Each element is evaluated twice to
1533: Choose one random key from the dictionary.  Use . If no element found in array return "not exist" or else if
1534: Convert GS to public URL  . This function will convert Google Storage Url(local or remote ) into Publicly accessible
1535: Converts bool to int. False -> ~/ ~/. / .\nTrue  > T F.. <
1536: Given the Ansbile playbook file' name and content, returns its parsed data structure. If not parsing able then
1537: Code defines the function multiples. It checks if argument is zero, returns an empty list otherwise generates sequence of integers from one
1538: Return the canonical representation of revision range. # is used as hash symbol and , separator between two revisions in order to
1539: Convert hexadecimal to address. e..g '7f9e36' converts into decimal '.1
1540: Code that adjusts color value based on the input 'variance' to control brightness of an image pixel wise . It will
1541: Creates an argument size function. It matches types and returns the expected byte sizes of these data structures in bits, void is
1542: Convert  uint in range [low,high] to array.   Value will be converted into bits and then each bit is
1543: A function that provides information about the crystal structure of an element based on its symbol, returning as list ["element", X ,
1544: Returns true if the first genome dominantly outpaces or is identical to, but less fitness than all subsequent genes in other
1545: Allows setting the current Python interpreter's output veracity. It allows users more or less detailed information about their operations
1546: Returns the same value as input, but with its denominator reduced by four. Useful when we want to convert data size
1547: A function that generates sort keys. For columns ending in _ids, prepend “'zero’” to the end
1548: Computes the cube of given num. Given an input, it computs and returns its cubic value or any non integer
1549: A function to return the corresponding day of weak from an integer input. It takes as parameter one digit between zero and six indicating
1550: Tests if string is not blank.  Code defines function that takes one parameter, checks whether it's non empty or
1551: Computes the factorial of an integer using recursion. The range is from one to n, and multiplies it by
1552: A function that derefferences the references in yml file. This will replace $base with baseurl and #/
1553: Return the lesser or greater value between two given integer coordinates. It's used to determine if one coordinate is 'inside
1554: A macro that checks if the specified dictionary has an element or not. If it does, returns True else False  Code is
1555: Generates valid extensions list.  If the extension of file is one or more than given in 'extensions'. Return true if
1556: This function calculates the gradient of an atom with respect to another.  It's called "gradient".   Gradient
1557: This function returns the string to be displayed on button labeled in main panel.  It takes three parameters - Channel number, Output
1558: The function _combiner is used to combine two binary numbers represented as strings in one's complement form. It uses
1559: Compute F(n,a), the fibonacci number using recursion and memoization. The parameters are
1560: checks if given object is block. 1/3 of the nodes in tree are blocks, or more specific subtypes;
1561: A function that creates an array of header objects. Each object has id, name and sortables information as fields – i
1562: A function to calculate FIBONACCI sequence. It uses iterative method of calculation which is faster than recursion but
1563: This procedure returns the maximum between zero and subtracting one from input number 'n'. It is used in calculation of cpu
1564: Returns true if the mask is not set, otherwise returns false.  .   ;; Defined by TASK Mask
1565: returns the first element of an input string.  This is often used to extract and return information from brackets in various text
1566: Returns the number as string formatted with one decimal place.   Input float, rounds to nearest centiseconds and returns in format
1567: checks if the given string represents an UNIX Address."' }]]. "(or" check whether
1568: Returns list of numbers that are tripled and have no remainder when divided by four. Input is the input array .' Output
1569: A function that computes the greatest common divisor and coefficients of Bézout's identity. The gcf is
1570: Defines functions to append elements and return the first element of cycling lists.  Continues until it returns '()
1571: A function to return the first four characters of an acct number. The purpose is simple string extraction from larger strings with multiple
1572: Returns the crystal system of given plane geometric constant. The function uses cond to return string values depending on input parameter 'sps
1573: Parses an ID of the form /<UUID>/. Returns UUID.  This is usually used as part identifying .
1574: Generates Binary Coded Decimal number from integer input. It is used to convert the given decimal into its equivalent binary
1575: Returns all possible subsets of the string with length K in reverse order. The function works by recursively adding character to each sub
1576: Returns the list of column indices that matches one string in another row from dataframe. Code is used to find columns which have
1577: Fixes the list of arguments to match certain criteria. The function fixes lists and strings in each position respectively, by removing nested
1578: Function to process strings containing PIL logic and returns list of processed string. The function takes in one argument, the input text
1579: Defines the RosenBrock function that takes an argument of type 'individual' and returns its fitness score according to
1580: Function to calculate the linear sum of two numbers. The first number is multiplied by 0,97 and added with
1581: A function that cleans strings in the format 'Item OS . x' by removing unnecessary parts. It checks if there is any
1582: Computes the upper bound on an object's distance from center in terms of its mass and size. If not supplied,
1583: Decodes %(slash|forward slash)-encoded path segment.  Forward or backward /'s are replaced
1584: A function that generates an empty replalce list of given dimensions.  It returns lists filled with sublists, where each
1585: A recursive function to reverse the string. In terms of time complexity, it will be O(n), where n is
1586: Generates rating strings based on the input scores. This function takes in an integer between one and five, scoring it from lowest
1587: Generates predictions of the network with two layers using either Convolutional Neural Network or Adaptive System. The first
1588: Takes dictionary of meals and returns True if all the values are true. False otherwise, indicating that there exists at least one
1589: This function adds two lists of coordinates. The first list contains the x and y components, respectively., e(g.), ((
1590: checks if the input string is abcdeanic. This function works by comparing each letter of given 'words' with
1591: Calculates the product of each pair in lists "x" and “all” corresponding pairs from list 'Y'. This
1592: A function that calculates the remainder of raising number 'e' to an odd exponent. It also takes care about negative numbers
1593: Create an equivalent in MML syntax. In case of multiple names with the same maximum length, wrap them into quotes to ensure
1594: Sorting three lists. The first list is of length "len_4", second one -"lens"_of_,
1595: "Returns the reflection of point Cp with respect to an object defined by its coordinates A and B."  [END]
1596: Code takes in an list of energies and returns the average.  It uses fold to reduce all numbers together from left with zero
1597: This function looks at the duration of 'cross'. If it's zero or less i.e., no indices are available
1598: A function to escape special characters in yml string format.  This handles newline and tabs as well, but otherwise just
1599: A function that takes in two lists and returns the corresponding elements from each of them by indexing. If one input is not
1600: This is the formula to convert galactocentric coordinates in Ecliptic Equator and Right Ascension from J
1601: Code to find the symbols in given list.  Empty if no symbol present or invalid input, used as an argument of
1602: Returns true if the input is not valid; false otherwise. “Number” types are accepted, but strings and lists will
1603: Remove duplications from list in LISP.  Input sequence is reversed, then processed through fold to remove dup
1604: Evaluates polynomial.   P(x)/P'(h): compute the value of an infinite series defined by evaluating its
1605: This function returns the URL of GET request to fetch comments from reddits all submissions page with given parameters (./. .
1606: "A function that takes two numbers and returns one if both are nonzero, otherwise it will return zero.".   //
1607: A function to implement Rsa encryption. This version takes as input three numbers and outputs the encrypted result of 'm'. It
1608: Gets the url to an astronomical object database file, based on given string input which indicates what kind of data you want
1609: Converts box coordinates between CenterXYWH and XYX format. This function takes in list of four values, representing
1610: A function to flattern the given nested lists. It takes in one parameter, which is either an empty or nonempty set
1611: Returns the corresponding CIFAR − one hot encoded classes. This function takes in an array of indices, which refer to
1612: Function to remove an element if it exists in list. If not, return false; otherwise change the state of 'from
1613: Checks if the cards in five playing card are of equal string. Returns true when they all have one face and false otherwise
1614: Calculates the average of two numbers and return result.    Code's input is list/vector with coordinates; output returns
1615: Function to strip numbers from an input string.  Efficient solution with constant space complexity O(n)." . ```
1616: A function that removes duplicates from the list and sorts them by score in descending order. If two items have equal soc
1617: A function that checks if the number is divisible by either   three or five but not both. Otherwise, it returns true
1618: This function moves the first occurrence of an element in its argument list to be at position 0. If it's not
1619: Implements the trim operation on sets of points. Trims an entire layer from either side or at two sides and returns new
1620: Code to reverse the direction of clock wise motion. It is essentially just rotating counter Clock Wise by one full circle around
1621: Check if 3 numbers are Pythygtorian triple. This is the base case of what we call "primitive
1622: This function calculates the heuistics between two points on 3D space. It measures distance by taking absolute differences in
1623: Generates the prefix of cup.   For example, make_"10L": Returns an indicator that is in level
1624: List get element by given indices in Python. listl is the initial sequence,index indeterminates which position to select
1625: Returns the height of an object at point P above sea level given its mass in kg and acceleration due to gravity as sqrt
1626: Code creates function to convert weight from grams or kilograms. If input is less than one, it converts into
1627: Transform the string of characters in each line to lowercase. A '-' character is treated as an indication that it should
1628: Given the path of an executable .sh/.bat or shell script, extracts filename from its full absolute system location in terms
1629: Creates an input format specifier from the given dictionary.  Inspired by Perl's join function on arrays,
1630: Convert given string to mathematical notation .  Use appropriate symbols or namespaces based on the language being used, e..g.,
1631: Returns the smaller value between zero and max of input number. This is an example function that limits user inputs to values within specified
1632: Convert text to SSML format using regular expressions and string manipulation in Scheme or any other programming language of your choice,
1633: This function checks if the given value is valid based on its 'type'. A single character indicates whether it's either one
1634: Returns two lists of elements where the function returns true or if it's equal to its argument. -}```python
1635: Generates linear interpolation between two points.  Coordinates of the input data point are provided to produce an output coordinate in
1636: Checks if the first four characters of any string are '     '. This is commonly used to check whether lines have been ind
1637: Remove comments, blank lines and unnecessary whitespaces from the source file. This will make it easier to read by humans but less
1638: Retrieve the Owner of Repository From URL. Code that retrieves repository's own information from clean url which is
1639: Generates an event to send notification.  Recognized by the recipient via email or text message." } { .code
1640: "Creates an augmented list of sentences by padding shorter ones with 'None'.". It pads all the input sequences
1641: Flatens the given list. It creates an unbroken sequence of elements from nested lists by removing all inner ones and keeping only
1642: Creates tweet content by combining the provided parameters. 1st param is used as prefix, second one defines body of post
1643: Generates an inclusive range. e,g., between two integers returns list of the numbers inclusively from one to another
1644: Create function to remove 'ww.' from end of the string. If it is not present, return original input as there'
1645: Function to get operational time frames of projects based on their current date and lifespan. It filters the list with operations within
1646: "Given two lists, intersect them by only including elements present in both."  This implementation is efficient. It employs
1647: Check if two frequencies are lower than the given frequency. This is used in deciding whether to load more data or not based on
1648: Code checks if given integer value lies in the range of values between two integers. If it does not do so - returns error
1649: This function converts units from the Undefined Bytes volume to ugri and nvdi .It is given by
1650: Convert Hex to TCP state.  Use case statements with specific tcp states as conversions between the given input and output
1651: A function that checks whether an incoming value is less than the current "angle". If so, it will return 'True',
1652: This function takes in two arguments, the basic url and an optional parameter which is supposed to be appended onto it. It
1653: Create an enumeration of all possible localization strings.  It's based on the given string, and it append '
1654: A function that computes the Levinstein distance between two strings. Distance is calculated as minimum number of single character edits
1655: Returns the result of dividing two numbers. If one or both values are not numberic, it returns an empty string."
1656: This function determines the temperature scheduler used in TensorFlow' continuous training, which can be adjusted based on an iteration number
1657: Merges two list properties. If elements in the 'extra' are not present, they will be appended to end
1658: This function gets the maximum length of keys in given dictionary.  It uses apply and map to go through each value(s
1659: Returns the same RGB values as an input but with some darker or lighter version of each component depending on its current value.
1660: "A function that checks if any term in the given list contains 'val' as sub string."  Use `#\
1661: Checks if the string input is an instance of publishing software. 0/1 flag returns whether or not it contains '
1662: Code defines function to calculate polynomial at specific point(integer or floating). The given coefficient list represents the polynomials, and returns corresponding
1663: A function to check if the given file name is GTF or not. 1/4th of .NET libraries,
1664: A function to sort strings in alphabetic order by length. It compares two items, checks their lengths and returns
1665: Code checks if two polygons are identical and, in case they're not - it combines them. Returns true/false
1666: calculate the perpetual interest rate of an account.  For each period in which "r" is positive, it returns one
1667: Transforms an ASCII string into binary. Code receives the client's shift value, applies it to each character of input
1668: A function to calculate overlap between two tokens. Overlapping is defined as the portion of one token that also appears in another
1669: A linear interpolation function between two points of the real number line, with weights based on distance from origin to point zero and
1670: A function to verify if the user has permission in given context. It can determine whether they have access rights on certain actions,
1671: This procedure calculates maximum possible episodes. It returns 0 if it cannot calculate one, otherwise return calculated value as integer .
1672: A function that returns the minimum and maximum values from two lists. This is achieved by using recursive calls to find local minim
1673: Flattens nested list structure. Useful when dealing with lists in Racket language or Python to flattern them . e
1674: Generates the number of steps to reach one using Colatz Conjecture. This is defined as follows - if input integer
1675: Ensure all scripts in the list are compatible with Linux operating system. This function checks if it'll be executed on windows
1676: A function to concatenates all elements of an array. If the input is empty or not containing any element, it returns another
1677: Determines if the given point is within or on one of two rectangular shapes. Note that it checks both corners, not just
1678: Converts the polynomial representation of one variable into its string form. Polynomials are represented by lists with terms where each
1679: This function calculates the position of an element in two dimensions. The input is four parameters - 'i' and	'j
1680: Gets the next release candidate number. The Hot Fix incrementing is done by one on every new build cycle/deployment,
1681: A function to normalize text scores by dividing them with the number of elements in their constituent word list. If they
1682: A simple Python function to underline strings.  It is very useful in the outputting results of scripts or reports with rich
1683: Counts the number of occurrences in str ending with char. The character must match at least once, not necessarily consecut
1684: A function that checks if two values are equal. It handles numbers and complexes, but not lists or other types of data
1685: Create an event handler function to manage the callback events in web application.  Given two parameters, one is string name of some
1686: This function reorders the list of given column names to be in alphabetical order.  The task id should always stay
1687: Gets the id of Button from its name. If no hyphen is found, returns with string appended by '-' and
1688: Calculates the area of an equilateral triangle. Input is in cm, output returns answer as integer."
1689: Given an input string and integer 'K', return the first Kmers from left to right. The result is determined by comparing
1690: Returns true if the string is in x format or false otherwise. If language tagging present, check against known formats of languages
1691: This function calculates the contrast of two given human genitals means, ie., returns how much 'disparity
1692: A simple function that checks the case insensitive equivalence of 'you', ‘the’ and/or ''and'."
1693: removes the last line break from string. "Newline" is assumed to be either '\n' or \r'\x
1694: This function is used to merge two lists of matching elements in an ordered list. It takes as input the matched element(s
1695: Computes the area of binary operations in some given array. – counts number/sizes and sums up, which defines
1696: Verifies the integrity of string by comparing it with its calculated value. If same, returns true; otherwise false or error message
1697: Computes the position in an array based on string name. It returns nil if no match found or not enough data to calculate
1698: Creates an hash map from the string representation of system parameters.  The function uses '.' as separator between keys and
1699: Removes URLs from the given string. If no urls in str, it returns original text and removes all special characters
1700: This function returns the frequency ratio between two notes in terms of their lifetime .    -   Donors note is more frequent than
1701: Generates output using linear scaling function.  Scales input values from range of [in1, inf] to the interval
1702: An implementation of insertionsort in Scheme. It takes an ordered list as input and returns the sorted version . –
1703: Defines an application configuration object. The only field is the default language setting and can be set to any valid IETF
1704: Generates the coordinates of center point in cells. The output is list with two numbers [X Y]." ;; A
1705: Generates an HTML representation of the headers within MarkDown format in one single file. If no specific 'note' name provided
1706: A function that converts Phreys height of distribution to decimal. If the input is not an ASCII character, it
1707: This function generates all pairs of numbers from the range [n,m]. Each pair is represented as two separate elements in order
1708: A function that calculates the hexadecimal value of an integer. The calculation is done by multiplying two parts and
1709: Computes the sum of absolute values in each element. Efficiently solves problem by using recursion on every pair to
1710: This function generates weights associated with the given parameters of two local gates. The size increases by one because each gate adds an extra
1711: Calculates the smallest integer greater than or equal to given number. The ceil function from python is used here in order get
1712: Code that fixes the end of line character in string.  If there's no characters, returns original one without change if
1713: This function checks if an element is not in the list. It uses recursion to traverse through each value and compare it
1714: Returns new array of starting points after reoriented by shifting. This is done based on the length and orientation provided to rotate or
1715: Deduplicate names in given list of scopes.  Keeps count unique by appending underscore and number at end
1716: A function that rounds off the input to some number of decimal places. This implementation uses exponents and defines powers inside round functions
1717: This function performs sequentially checks if the given list contains an occurrence of any number. If yes, it returns true; otherwise
1718: This function returns true if the given <value is outside of criteria specified by head and/tail specifications. It takes three parameters
1719: A function to convert pixel intensity into waveform. 3 coefficients are used and the equation of converting pixels' intensities in
1720: Code that generates the middle section of lines between two given pairs. The length and direction are determined by number 'nb'of
1721: This function determines if the given alternative hypothesis is valid. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false."  A few examples
1722: This function counts the number of matching letters between two strings. It works by comparing each corresponding character from both inputted string against
1723: Returns the quarter of given calendar year based on input. If not valid, returns "Invalid Month" or incorrect formatting error
1724: Function that returns the threshold value of an item given its index in list. If it is not present, then default to ten
1725: Defines reverse function on strings.  It uses recursion to iteratively build the reversed list of characters in given input
1726: Generates the next version of "version" as per rules in 'Rolling Hash' algorithm. The current state is
1727: This procedure reads the mid part of .MGF or.PQF files and converts them to integers, returning that
1728: Reduces new output by keeping only the latest chunk.   Useful when logging information about long processes in batch mode,
1729: Returns the number of leading spaces in string.   "Line" is assumed to be non empty, and has no trailing
1730: A simple function that converts string to boolean. It recognizes yes, true and ‘on’ in lower case as
1731: A lambda function to scale elements of the input list by 'factor'.  This is done with map.   . The
1732: A function that formats the datetime provided in seconds since epoch.  Returns it as formatted string by default or nothing if not valid
1733: This function takes in an argument "color scale" and maps it to its constituent color list. The mapping is done through
1734: "Compute enthalpic heat transfer coefficient of wall at given temperature, pressure and relative humidity"  .   -
1735: This function takes as input the name of an application or library, and returns its title cased version. It replaces unders
1736: A function to find the number of segments in an indexed list. If offset is larger than cliplen, count as one
1737: returns the character at position 'index' in string "s" if exists. Else, it gives - −�
1738: Code implements an approximation of the logistic function using exponential linear unit approach.   The input parameters represent real numbers . "Ex
1739: Calculates the rise in temperature by applying heating and cooling effects on electricity, given its operating energy consumption & load capacity [k
1740: A recursive function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. The initial condition is when there are no more
1741: Return lower case first character of the given string. It converts to its equivalent ASCII value, then adds back in as
1742: Convert string to one hot encoding. If the first character is r return [+ RGB red +] if it's g
1743: Checks if matrix is square. – This will check that the first list in our input lists contains exactly one element of
1744: Checks if the first character of an input is one among '#', '$' and + . The channel. A simple
1745: This procedure will take an arbitrary comma separated list of strings as its parameter and return the same but with leading zeros removed.
1746: A function to split seconds into minutes and hours. Use the quotients of division operation in order from least significant digit first .
1747: Calculates the average of two numbers. Code takes in any number pairs, and gives out an answer within one line with #
1748: Return the color associated with given integer. If no such association, returns nil .  			.eofcode" in C
1749: Convert web language to sql datatype based on data access layer type. For example, string maps onto varchar while integer and
1750: Compute the mean of list elements.  If input is an empty, then return NaN" . )' '(
1751: Creates an integer sequence of length 'numlevel' which represents the level difference between two tickets in Pickets. The average
1752: Computes the number of prime digists in an integer.   The function is called with one argument, which should be positive
1753: Generates yellow colored text.  Syntax to use is as follows, (. "Your Text") in REPL and it will
1754: remove indentations from the beginning of each line in text. It replaces tabs ("\t"), spaces, and extra
1755: This function takes an integer and returns the corresponding month name from list. It is used to convert numbers into their respective names in
1756: This procedure takes in the FULL NAME of an entity and returns only its SOURCE part. The Source is considered as
1757: Create an abbreviation of the given string. If it's longer than 'maximum length'. Otherwise, return original description
1758: A function that converts the first character of each word in its input to upper case. For instance, "hello world"
1759: A function to normalizes an angle difference. If the input is greater than ±97 degrees, it returns value after
1760: Code creates list of boolean values with an effect. Takes the value true or false and adds to it if present in its
1761: This function calculates the maximum value that can be assigned to an element in hierarchical coordinate charting.  Given number of
1762: Code defines the function makeTrainingSample which takes two lists of articles. It then constructs strings to be used as input
1763: This function will extract the type of promotion and its corresponding subservices from transactions.  It also takes care to maintain string consistency
1764: Compute matrix subtraction. If the input matrices are of different lengths, return an error indicating such; otherwise compute and returns
1765: Given an input, return the color from list of predefined values. Index should be mod by length to keep in bounds
1766: Parses the input string to form decimals.  It splits on spaces, then joins back into one and
1767: Checks if all the given task objects have been completed. If not, it will keep checking until they are complete or no
1768: Returns the sleep time in seconds depending on number of failed attempts.   Code snippet which simulates retrying after an
1769: This function checks the player's response. It returns how many attempts are left before they lose or win respectively depending on whether
1770: Returns true if the first half of `subject` is equal to its reverse. False otherwise, as indicated by any occurrence where
1771: This function takes in an input, and tries to turn it into its number representation. If the given element is not of string
1772: Toggles the visibility of an object when another's property changes.  "n" stands as one or more objects
1773: Convert input string to upper case. Example usage is "hello". –> Outputs : HELLO .  1
1774: Given an input of the form {(words . #f)}, it returns all possible combinations, in which each element is calculated
1775: Return the string value of an Index enumerated in network attack classifications. A more human readable version is needed to show
1776: Function returns the next even number after an odd input. It uses modulus operator to check if current integer is divisible by
1777: Generates the overlap of two intervals. Intervals are represented as pairs in format "(begin . end)" where begin is
1778: This is an implementation of the rectified linear unit function in python. It's very simple and efficient, yet it provides
1779: This function checks if all the letters in string are capital. It uses two helper functions, is_{{>}} and _
1780: Code generates an estimate of the variance between two populations based on their means and sample sizes, but with no actual statistical significance test
1781: Code defines the graphene bonding rule weight per unit of distance, in terms units/(distance^3). In
1782: Creates the necessary bow tie  file names and paths based on input name of index . Create four different versions with extension "
1783: Given an array of numbers, returns the reverse order. This is done by mapping over each item in horse shoe and reversing
1784: Code creates lists of all the lines in csv files. It uses nested loops to iterates through each string and splits
1785: Return the given string with underscores.  Code will work on strings and characters, but not lists or other types of
1786: Creates the percentage of brand purchases. The result is expressed as an integer value between [4,8]. A score above
1787: computes the nontrivial relative likelihood of observing 'i' in sample size equal to K at parameter values that are significantly
1788: Creates the function to return hours given in minutest. Input is assumed as an integer which represents minute count and output
1789: Retrieve the value of one param from 'memory'. If in direct access, retrieve directly at index; otherwise fetch using lookup
1790: A function that extracts the suffix of an electronic document identifier.  This is often used in PubMed or similar databases where
1791: check whether the length of an input sequence is as expected in terms by given configuration. This function takes two parameters, which are
1792: A function that divides the list of available clients into subsets. The number in each subset is proportional to one thirds remainder
1793: Checks if strings are one character away from each other. If they have the same length or exactly different by only taking up
1794: Determine if an IP is multicasted. If yes, return true; otherwise false). The function will also consider sub
1795: Code generates strings from any input type. It works recursively on nested types and will map each element of the list, hash
1796: Calculates the derivative of sigmoide function with respect to x. "A" is input variable, output y which determines
1797: Creates flipped version of the given tuple.  For example, if input is '(a b c), output will
1798: Convert strings into blank lines. Used in generating the source file of Python or other languages that have indentation based on space
1799: Given an input list, calculate the average of its elements.  Inputs are integers or floating point numbers . The output is
1800: A function to subtact two vectors. 1 element at time, returning new vector with each component after being reduced by one
1801: A function that adds two numbers. In cases where one or both of the inputs are not provided, it defaults to return
1802: Defines the function p to calculate percentage of one digit number in given base 'd'. The result will be rounded off till
1803: Generates Hash with reformatting trademarke' s name, class ,class description etc... .   )    (*
1804: A function to count how many times the word 'End' appears at end of list. It returns either one if it is
1805: This function takes in dictionary object as input and prints out each key value pair. ## End Function' 108
1806: A function to query Jenkin's API and return jobs list.  .`  ```}'.    // ```
1807: Creates the contrast ratio between two given luminosity levels using simple formula."))")"}});}""")))};,
1808: Code defines an operation to concatenates all elements of the list into one string. If empty it returns "", else, if only
1809: Function get gets the element at given postion from an inputed lsit. For example, if we have ['a'
1810: Given GeoJSON data, return the list of all feature objects within. If provided with an invalid object or missing 'feature'
1811: Convert input string to multi line comment. The resulting multiline comments are wrapped with // . 1st and every following
1812: computes maximum likelihood estimate of T using model parameters. Code snippet that illustrates how to use MLE method with log
1813: Convert the given 3D list representation of game states into tuple form. The map function applies to each inner vector and flat
1814: Given list of factorization scales, produce absolute factors by multiplying each component with the corresponding item in scaling array.  It
1815: Code that calculates the Rey’s Number, also known as “Fluid Resistance”. Given volume
1816: Returns  ->  .    returns the orientation of vector from point p to line spanned by points l and n, i
1817: Returns true if the string contains any characters in set 'characters', false otherwise.  The character's presence or absence
1818: Generates the 4 points to project image plane in three dimensions onto two.   The function takes into account intrinsic parameters of
1819: A function to build and manage a Turing Operational Semantic Unit. The unit builds based on the provided parameters of priority
1820: This program defines two functions getMSE that calculate the Mean Squared Error norm. It calculates MES between
1821: Returns the largest element in an ordered list.  Lists with one or no elements return zero, otherwise it returns max(
1822: This function takes as input the string, cleans it by replacing all newline and tab characters with space.  It then tr
1823: This function calculates ideal body weight of male and female persons based on their heights .   Type in your response here : Code
1824: Generates the uniform moments of two given values. It calcula's both 'mean(var)' and variance from them
1825: Returns an API endpoint URL.  [...]"<a href='http://www."host".com/">localhost
1826: Normalizes the given 'readings' to be between [min,max] interval. This function is used when there are
1827: An implementation of learning rate schedules according to the number and modulus conditions provided in an episode based on one linear interpolation
1828: A function that converts an input string to its integer, float or number representation if it is possible. Otherwise returns the original
1829: Remove all occurrences of an element in the list. --- end -->"}]},{"code":[["
1830: This function retrieves the value from pair. It uses recursion to navigate through list until it finds correct key or exhausts
1831: A function to transform basic bioinformatics IDs into BioSampleID. If an id is starting with B-. The
1832: Creates an integer where the bit at position 'pos' is set to one. It does so by performing binary OR operation
1833: A function to check if the input is an unsigned integer or not.	     .   Code Explanation:. The problem
1834: A function that generates the height of parabolic motion. It takes three parameters - time 't', distance in meters and velocity
1835: A function that checks the current requirement of an online test on Code Evolution platform."; (doc):"A simple
1836: Returns the given input in lower case.  It converts an upper cased character to its corresponding lowecase one using
1837: Code maps each string in the input argument to True if it contains any of GL, MT or hs and M. Otherwise
1838: function to get the iteration number. It's based on division of total batches by current批次大小。 The quot
1839: Generates unique and sorted list of elements from input. No duplications allowed in the resultant sequence, based on order preserved
1840: Function to return common items between two lists. Code uses helper function that takes care of recursive calls and compares the first
1841: Produce an array of all paths from 'start' to the goal using breadth first search algorithm.  It does not
1842: Convert the input floating point number into an integer. If it is between specified limits then return as int; else error with detail
1843: This function returns the number of spaces at beginning on each newline in string. For instance, get indentation ("
1844: Check if string contains python or Python. 1 line solution in one pass, no looping structure is used . If found
1845: Checks if the input is underscore special name. This checks whether it starts and ends with an "_" character, which
1846: A function to generate url path.  For example, given the parameters `(version v1 )` and two arguments -
1847: Flips the last two elements of each comma separated list. It's called by `(load "/path/to/.
1848: Generates the correlation coefficient of an object's angular velocity with its distance from earth surface  . In physics it is usually
1849: This function generates an HTML table header row. Each item in the given list is converted to title case and wrapped inside <td
1850: Creates quantization function, zooming in on values that are larger than one and less or equal to zero; when value
1851: Converts Maven package names into valid directory name format.  It replaces dots with underscores, then replace
1852: A function to get the intersection of two lists. The list is first reversed before computing intersections, and then it'
1853: This function takes an input of type `serial`, if true adds the respective keys to list otherwise it will return default
1854: Determines if the parameter name is of type display or custom.  This will identify whether it's either "maintenance
1855: Perform binary search on sorted list. If the element exists, return its index in O(log n). Else if
1856: Given an argument of type 'scenario' return the first element in its string split list. This function will parse out
1857: A function that returns the local alignment of sequences. It takes an array, list or string input and generates it's corresponding
1858: Check if the current position is within an overlapped segment of length 'contigs' . This function will be used to identify
1859: checks if the number is divisible by "number" and returns result. . It performs integer division in order to check that
1860: Define the function myAdd with two arguments.  Returns their summation result by using 'plus' operator from basic arithmetic
1861: This function returns the sign of 'n' input. If it is positive, then return value "+", if negative returned
1862: Convert an rgb integer to separate values of red, green and blue components. The bitshift operator is used in the conversion
1863: A function to calculate the number of integers in between two numbers, including both end points. In other terms it returns how many
1864: Checks if the argument is an integer.  It uses "(=)" to compare numbers and returns #truth or ~
1865: This program takes in an unsorted linked lists and removes duplicates. It does so by checking if each element of the new
1866: This is an implementation of the ramp function. The input value 'x' will be clamped between [o,1]
1867: "A function that calculates the nth number in fibbonaci series" .' | tr -d '\n';
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The IOU of Boxes is calculated by calculating and returning it to
1869: Program checks if brackets are balanced in the given string. If so, return 'true'. Otherwise,'false'."
1870: A function to generate tags based on given parameters, either using only credentials or just searches/devices values depending upon available data types
1871: A function that filters the paths by keeping only those which have all elements from `(paths.pss)' as its first
1872: Code generates the hosts info list with their corresponding scores based on key, value and time from data result set" (end
1873: Calculates the luminaire potential at any distance from an object using two parameters - radius of curvature, surface roughness
1874: A function that cleans the mentions in an input string. It replaces '<user>' with '\(User)' and
1875: Defines the type of Follows as an integer using Blog and Ignore. -> This function translates 'Blog
1876: Checks if the given entry is of type TUPLE.  The purpose here being to check whether an element has been
1877: Code generates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The function takes as input coordinates of both ends,
1878: This function splits the given string into parts of equal length. The result is represented as list containing all subsections divided by
1879: A function that calculates the beta variance of two numbers. The formula used is given in Cox, T., Hast
1880: A function that sets the color of an element to green if its value is positive, else it leaves as default gray.
1881: Convert bounding box in the format [x, y] to center of mass [[centerX],[centroidY]]
1882: Function that converts list of strings to single one liner. The output will be in the format "String1, String
1883: Returns the index of `find str` in list/array. If not found, return '-' . Otherwise returns position from
1884: Defines the function reliableTest that determines if one can reliably perform another on an equal or less number of runs. If
1885: A function that calculates the number of 'easily' identified digit patterns in input. Counts all instances where digit
1886: Parse the mask of an ip address. If it doesn't match, then print error message and return nil else returns
1887: A function that takes as input an alphabetical string, and returns only the letters in it. The letter case is not
1888: Implements pattern matching on the input string. Matches are specified in one of two ways, either by providing functions that implement
1889: add two coordinates to one grid system. e .g, if you have an initial coordinate [x , y] and your
1890: Convert decimal degree to hours, min and sec in general format with rounding off the values using two digit precision upto hundred
1891: Checks if the given 'Year' is leap. The function returns true when it finds that Year divides evenly by
1892: Returns reward based on the state of player's score. Higher value indicates more rewards." }" ) };
1893: Calculates power of number using recursion. The input is two numbers, one as the base and other being exponent to calculate
1894: This function checks the accuracy of two lists. It calculates and returns how many elements are equal in both arrays/lists using
1895: If given two arguments, it returns true if first argument is smaller than or equal to second one; else false. Returns '#
1896: A function to compute the "resilience parameter" of an individual. The resiliency is defined as √
1897: This function takes in an input string and returns all the positions of "n" characters. The position is one indexed,
1898: Creates vector of length ten with elements .7,.. , and contains the first component as  ```(defconstant +
1899: "Calculates the N th FIBONACCI number using recursion." }" ;; Defines and returns function
1900: A function that extracts the title of an English Wikipedia page from given dictionary. If it're not on english,
1901: A function to calculate the average of given list.   [Done]    Code length :9 chars" }],
1902: Creates coverage difference with target, if the number of uncovered lines is more than five return half else it returns .3
1903: This function checks if the string is using an underscore character "_" as its first or last characters. A variable can only
1904: Converts the value of an input percentage to its decimal equivalent. For example, if you have '83%'
1905: Function check NonNegativeness of an expression. Returns true if the given value is nonnegative, else returns false and hal
1906: Gets the login of an Author. If it's not available, returns 'Ghost'. .e - A function that
1907: Reads data from the socket and returns as string. Recursive version of read, using let to bind each iteration into
1908: Function to get list of given keys' values from an hash.   The function is named 'optimizer', the parameter being
1909: Function factorial takes in an integer and returns its corresponding factoring. If the input is not valid, it throws error message
1910: Converts Fahrenheit to Celciuss" Code:. . " from user input in the form of
1911: A function to check if the given input is numerically or not .   ->  Code checks whether all characters of an entered
1912: A set of functions to perform union, difference and intersection operations on lists. All three sets are implemented recursively in Hask
1913: Create list of differences between corresponding elements in two lists. This function calculates the difference when comparing each pair from both input vectors
1914: This function determines if the coordinates given by 'lon' and	'lat', fall within or are in New World. It checks
1915: returns an environment's tool dependencies metadata. If the current element is of type Environment, then it generates and stores/updates
1916: A function to calculate the rate of change at points d in 4D space. Calculates dy / dx by using centered
1917: Defines recursive function to find the Nth FIBONACCI number. Note that fib(x)(N <
1918: This function takes two lists and returns the elements in first that are not present anywhere else.  It uses recursion to tra
1919: Converts an input of one byte string, which is supposed to represent the numeric value in Hexadecimal
1920: returns the size of deconvolutional layer output. It takes as input parameters - Input Size, Kernel/Filter dimensions and
1921: This function is used to strip the "MATE" identifier from any file name. It checks if it's either "_
1922: Function to convert millisecond conversion.   "Converts" time from microseconds or ms format into seconds as float number
1923: Creates the resistance of an electron beam by dividing its energy density per unit length.  Inputs are number_of
1924: Recursively filter out all elements of 'rows' where the element at position 0 ('first') with name equals to
1925: Code defines function to get keys in format used by hint system.  It is equivalent of recursive map but simplified and easier
1926: A one line definition of _CurvedSin function that takes two parameters - time and frequency"   ;; end define f
1927: Given an input of text file content, compute average sentence lengths. – [Your name] on the date .'[
1928: Swaps the first and second elements in each list of pairs.  For example, ((1 . b)(3/4
1929: Convert weight from one unit to another using the scales given in arguments ., ie convert Kg To Pounds , gr
1930: Generates an absolute url given the parameters.  It can handle both OAuth & HTTPS based paths and HTTP Path
1931: Creates an 'OFFSPRING' of parent chromosomes, by randomly selecting members from the main set.
1932: This is function that checks if given number 'Years' input belongs to leap years or not. A Least Common Mult
1933: Finds the closest FIBONACCI number to given one.  It keeps track of two most recent numbers so that
1934: A function to calculate the six hump camels distance. Input is two coordinates, returns float value representing their calculated three dimensional
1935: A function to calculate the median of two numbers given their maximum, minimum values; returns middle or average depending on where it falls
1936: Defines the function to remove leading characters from an inputted strings. This can be used as part of data manipulation tasks
1937: Converts the permittance of free space into scattering length, given frequency and conductor's permitivitiy."
1938: Counts the number of set bits in an integer. Algorithm based on Brian Kernighan’ s algorithm, which is
1939: Sorts an array using the radixed quiclsot algorithm. - One Line Code Only, No Parameters or Side
1940: This function returns the volume of different types formulations in membrane geometry .	"volume" is returned."   	. The
1941: Check if the arguments are equal in length. (Checking empty input). If all elements match, then return true
1942: create relations between forms in the given list of repetitions. This function is recursive, creating new lists when necessary and linking
1943: A function to add two lists of numbers.   It takes in 3 parameters and returns the sum as another list . ex
1944: This procedure is used to create an out line of cards from the given card. It takes two parameters - 'message' which
1945: Checks if the input is an integer or not. If yes, checks whether it's valid as per rules of number
1946: Encodes the given string in cyclical manner. For example, with input "pqrs" it would return 's
1947: Given an input string, returns the number of lensing channels used based on that configuration."; }}}}}}'   *
1948: Function to compute the sum of digs in numbers. For each number, convert it into its individual digit list and apply '
1949: A function to remove dollar signs from input string.  This is useful in financial calculations or data analysis where the 'money'
1950: This function is used to set the overall quality status of query. The value passed as an argument will be saved in 'q
1951: Create list of components based on the given name. The first item in returned pair is component itself and second one indicates whether it
1952: Check if the input is leap. Code checks whether it's divisble by four hundred and returns either "True"
1953: This function takes in four parameters, the initial position and size of two boxes along with an integer value 'z'. The goal
1954: checks whether the square of hexadecimals ends with 1. . Checks if it's equal to given
1955: Returns the link to open source Peca Project's website by id or GitHub repo URL based on inputted string,
1956: Checks if two trees are the same.  Uses dictionaries to store information about each node in bothtrees, such
1957: This function takes as input the list of verbs, and returns their joined into one string. If there is no such element in
1958: Returns all numbers in the range from "start" to	"stop".   The default function if no second argument is provided.
1959: Recursively calculate dot product of two sequences. The lengths should match to perform the multiplication operation in each step, and then
1960: A function which calculates the output of an unknown complex equation based on input parameters.";  	     ; .eol
1961: Replace the first occurrence of '=' in an ML Code with your model name.  It is useful when you want
1962: A function that takes an input string and converts it to the nearest integer. If there is any comma in original, then
1963: A function to check if an element is in the list of ID'S. It uses recursion with "(list)"
1964: A parser to handle issues from a given input. If the string contains issue keyword, then parse it into individual entries; if
1965: A function to calculate the size of struct. It calculates sum with padding and alignment as per specified in input parameters, then
1966: Computes the area of an axisymmetric triangle with sides 'n' times larger than those in original coordinates. For example,
1967: This function converts knots to miles per hour based on the average human physical activity rate in New York City, during winter
1968: Make sure all elements in the input sequence are unique.  The order of remaining items is not important since they have to be
1969: A function that converts the input to blue color.  Code by Shiro Rapi's "The Onion S
1970: 递归地生成所有可能的整数排列，但只在范围内i和(current + step_
1971: Code returns the directory of program parsers.  The input argument is parsed name which gives information about type . If not
1972: generates the instrument name with appropriate appending according to facility type. This function is used when you are creating or updating instruments
1973: count the number of elements in 'coord' list that are larger than ref.  Result is returned as an integer value
1974: Returns the number of dots in given string. Counting starts at zero, so if there are no dot characters it returns '
1975: This function converts the numeric value of an intensity to its GE scale, where each step is .3. The result
1976: Cleans input string by removing non ASCII characters. 1/3 of the original size, but less than half that
1977: Defines smooth step function to allow interpolation between values within the range [start, end]. It uses linear approximation in order
1978: This function converts an integer into the corresponding log level string. It has been tested with inputs from range of values and gives
1979: Computes the largest divisor of 'N'. First tries to find it in pairs, then checks with odd numbers and finally
1980: Create function to get host name from fully qualified domain. Name is derived using the first dot as separator, reversed order
1981: "Return the clipped value of 'x' between two limits defined by parameters."   Code takes as input an integer or
1982: Sorts an array of three elements by the first element. Used in conjunction with "partition" function to sort list efficiently."
1983: A function to convert memory numbers into human readables. e..g., KB, MB or GB based on the input number
1984: Generates greeting messages with the given person's names. – Code example, usage or task description here… .
1985: Extracting column from given 1D list based on the input. Returns result as another array/a one liner explanation
1986: Returns the result of multiplying number 'x' by itself in decimal form, with exponent given as integer. It is similar
1987: Funktion fib(n), der rekursivt aritmetisches Dreieck beim B
1988: Returns true if the input is not procedure and equals zero. Otherwise, returns false or void depending on whether its value was defined
1989: Defines the first of each possible value in an array to represent months. This is done using formatting logic and list manip
1990: A function to pad the left of strings with zeroes. This allows us in representing numbers as one or more digits without
1991: Generates the current status of updates. If there is no such message it returns nil, and if one exists then its returned
1992: Given an array of integers, and the integer K. This function will return all pairs in sorted order with sum equal to "
1993: Expands the coordinates of an object in grid. If x and y are same, return 1 to its left diagonal else
1994: Check if the input list represents two pair. If yes, return 'true', otherwise -'false'. A Hand can
1995: This function checks if an object contains any of the symbols "(setf luasets)" or its equivalent strings in
1996: Returns the rounded form of 'number' argument. It works as follows if not, it negates negative numbers and rounds positive
1997: calculates the exposure time of an LED light based on number integration and ramptime.  If not given, it will
1998: Convert input string to an unsigned decimal.  #convert_inputs; takes in inputs, then creates signed or unique number
1999: Function to convert index into byte offsets. The function takes an integer as input and converts it in binary form, where
2000: Code that converts Celsius to Fahrenheit"  ```python ``` . Parameters : c -
2001: Code defines an algorithm to find the minimum element in any list. The min function is implemented with recursion and iteration techniques."
2002: Generates serial number from hexadecimal data. If none found, returns 'unknown'. if the string length is more
2003: Function check if input is number, convert to float. If string represents integer then returns the same as int or floating point else
2004: This function finds the maximum degree of any item in its argument. If an empty set is passed, it returns '0'.
2005: Get learning rate. If the number of steps is less than or equal to decay frequency, returns normal base learing ratio else
2006: A function that converts the UNICODE version of macintosh newline characters to CRLF.
2007: Calculates the percentage of screen space used by an object relative to its maximum size. The function takes in two arguments, '
2008: Replace multiple substrings in string. Use recursion and list of subroutines . .").'|n';
2009: A function that snaps numbers or strings in an array of data cells. The column is wider when the cell contains string with
2010: Generates the number of complete units in each unit type. For instance, if you input '179' as your
2011: A function to check if the current player ('X' or 'O') has won in tic tack -toe.
2012: This function takes three arguments - the main string to be modified, and two directories where image files are located. The program repl
2013: Returns the hex representation of an integer in base 'value' using given number precision. For example, "(ASX #
2014: This function calculates the number of intervals required to complete one hour at given speed(rate).'s" .   }
2015: A function that calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The input parameters are represented as pairs of numbers
2016: A function that takes in list of CFLAGS and returns the equivalent CPPFLAGS.  If none provided it defaults
2017: Code converts the first letter of each word in passed parameter to upper case. The input can be one or multiple strings,
2018: This function takes an integer as input and converts it to its equivalent number. It does so by converting the last digit of
2019: returns the value from dict or nested dictionary based on key paths provided. If not found, it defaults to zero if specified otherwise
2020: A function that calculates the soft max of an input array" .[.]] ] [#,4]}])]]
2021: This function takes in four corners of the rectangle and returns their minimum x, y coordinates.  If no valid input is provided
2022: Gives an introductory message based on the user's input.  If no argument is given it will return '
2023: Transform input into list of elements if it's not already one.  If the value is nested, create an un
2024: A function to get the raw timestamp(s)."   .trim()) ) ;; filter out unwanted timest
2025: Function that takes as input an initial string and removes duplicate word from it. It splits the original sentence into separate strings,
2026: Cleans csv data by removing blank entries. "(= equal?" is used to check if two items are identical
2027: Checks if the provided input is valid. This function checks whether an integer between [0,n] has been passed as
2028: Multiplier function. Returns the product of two numbers if they are both integers or real, otherwise returns an error message string
2029: Function to convert the input argument into integer. Excepts string and real types, converts them onto int type if possible
2030: Checks if the given integer is prime. If it's one or two, return true as they are both primes
2031: A function that checks if all elements in an input list are present. This is done by checking each element of the given observation
2032: A function that creates resilliant URLs based on the provided http or https and domain.  If an HTTP is found
2033: Return feature names. Argument is number of features to generate, defaulted at zero if not provided; returns list with n
2034: Code that checks if any given number in list `(python solution’s name`). If not , an error message will
2035: This function reverses the domain names by splitting at dots. Then, it appends them in reverse order and combines all into
2036: Return the lesser of 'x' and greater or equal to zero. If x is less than min, it returns Min;
2037: A function that returns the matched contents in specified string, or full text if no matches found.  The filtering is done by
2038: Function to remove duplicate entities in the list of alerted items. A new copy is made if an entity exists multiple times and
2039: A function to generate string representation of two numbers with an addition operation.  Examples, plus -> 0 + 3 = 4
2040: Create and return an object with the IRI definitions.  Used to reference components in API operations . (.swaggersche
2041: Genera un saludo en español.  Puede utilizarse para generar una frase de bienvenida
2042: This function generates the last updated cell name. For instance, if 'i' is 10 it will return e3
2043: Computes the dot product of 3D vectors. The input to each function is two lists representing points in three dimensions,
2044: This function takes in two parameters, the number of kilometers travelled and an integer representing how far along one’s
2045: Given an absolute path of the file to read, return it's scope. A 'scope'.  This is used in
2046: Convert TSV to Table data.  This function reads in an input file that is tab separated and conversts it into
2047: "Creates the function to calculate vapor pressure"  .   [3pts]`enter calc pressu cels
2048: Trims the tokens from given token list to specified maximum length. If input is null or equal, returns an empty array;
2049: This function takes an input of type '(Listof numbers), and returns the processed version by mapping each number to its normalized
2050: This function fixes the URL by checking if it is not valid or missing and then appending http to any non existing protocol.
2051: Returns true if the point(x,y)'s distance from center of image is within given radius. .' returns whether
2052: Defines an identity function. It checks if two input values are equal and returns one, otherwise it always outputs zero."
2053: Mock configuration key to return hardcoded value in energy recoder api url field." 		     }}}}}}"
2054: Convert an input from latin to windows charset. Converts string characters in one byte encoding into the equivalent character or symbol
2055: A function that returns the severities of warning, error and other.  It checks if input is 'Warning', then return
2056: Combines all the strings in "input list" into single string.  It's similar to concat but with each
2057: Given an instance of TWITTER, returns the length/number characters in it's text.  It is used
2058: Creates an input of specified length if it is either not present or correct, otherwise throws error. 'Ensures that
2059: A function to return the proportional placement of an element within some given limits. It's used in mapping functions which need proportion
2060: A function to generate html tags. It takes string and its type as input, then returns the appropriate HTML formatting depending on
2061: Return the parent folder of given file. In other word, get all folders that can be found inside it while ignoring any
2062: Defines an RPC protocol service list. – Sender : Receiver, Message - A string to be sent over
2063: adds two vectors together.  It maps each element of the first vector to its corresponding entry in another list, then sums them
2064: "Creates chunks of given length from the inputted 'lst'." – The function will return all elements
2065: Calculates the number of neighbots. A "spherical" atom with N electrons has an effective radius R = 3R
2066: Checks if the input string contains only symbols. If it does not, then returns false; otherwise true . This is an
2067: Checks whether or not the given string is within acceptable length constraints. The valid characters are alphanumeric, followed by
2068: Computes the maximum sum of three nonadjacent numbers in list. If all elements are negative, returns zero; otherwise it
2069: Remove any character that is not numerical or '.' from the input string.  Return only date and timestamp without seconds, minutes
2070: This function will find the closest divisors of two given numbers. It checks from both ends, if one is negative or
2071: Returns the time window in seconds between two timestamps. The timestamp is relative to system clock starting from 197
2072: A function that multiplies two point coordinates with given matrices. This is done by taking each component of the first vector and multip
2073: Normalizes the given name to ensure it can be used as an ID.  Trims special characters and replaces non ASC
2074: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty, return the other without modification; if both are non空 - compare
2075: Converts an input string to upper case. 	Type of output : String   Inputs required by the function:"
2076: Remove duplicate tweet IDs from the list of inputted twitter feed data. This is done by checking if each individual element
2077: This function checks whether the provided arguments indicate what kind of versioning has been performed on site resources so far or have failed to
2078: Check if the given input is of type zip. 1 line solution using OR operator, which checks multiple conditions one by condition
2079: Checks if the current number of electrons in atoms is sufficient to provide enough energy. Returns true or false depending on whether it
2080: Converts the input string to upper case. Uses list and map functions of Scheme, defined by SRFI
2081: Function to sort the list of kp points by response in descending order and select only top N best. (
2082: A signal detection function that determines the response of subject and correlation.  If both responses are empty, it will return false al
2083: Code implements the Euclidean algorithm to calculate greatest common divisor of two numbers. Used as recursive function in GCD computation
2084: Code takes an unsorted list, deduplicates it and sorts the resulting unique sorted input. 1st argument is treated
2085: Function to generate the bibliographic identifier string.  Reference ID is an integer and returns corresponding BibTeX formatted id
2086: Returns the plural of first word in sentence, if it is 'is' returns last part otherwise return false. If there are
2087: Convert input number of second(millisecond,microsecond,...seconds). Output in human readble format. For example - if
2088: Generates URLs of experiments.  Input is the basic url from which to create urls and output should be an experiment
2089: Code that returns true if the provided string is in an array of valid options. It checks to see whether or not given `
2090: get hour from datetime string in milliseconds.extract . The function extract time components and return the hours part of current
2091: Check if the input is an Array – Return it. Else throw error; in either case return Input as Output of
2092: A function to calculate power of an arbitrary number under given module. This uses the fast modular multiplicative method and has linear time
2093: Convert to numerics in values given. For boolean it will convert true/false into the numbers '(, ,)' and
2094: Code that divides an input by ten. The result is printed to the console in one line of text"	 .trim
2095: This function will take in matrix form as input and returns the transposed version of that. It maps over each row, then
2096: Converts the data in 'rows' list into SQL tuple format. Each element of each input pair is converted to string
2097: This function is used to determine the color of an arrow based on its value. The different colors and types indicate up, down
2098: Function that decides which file to use based on the FWHM of data from each image in an experiment . If it
2099: This function generates the full path to linear regression coefficient file which is stored in given directory."  }   */}*)}}
2100: A function that splits strings into lists by separating character("#")  Code is the task of splitting given string based on
2101: find out all the county names in 'date' list" (End of line Summary)"%0A")) %
2102: Creates the package names from resource file paths. Code extracts and returns just .zip, or other extensions by default in
2103: get the browser URL based on whether it's live or not. This function returns either "https" if true, else
2104: Defines binary addition in C++ style using bit manipulation. It returns the sum of two numbers as an integer type that
2105: Check if two lists are identical up to position. It checks from the start of both given Lists, one by element until
2106: Returns the color of strands on which we can apply operations - green or red   . The parameter 'is rev' determines
2107: Recursively checks if the input list is empty or only contains one item. If it does, returns true; otherwise false
2108: This function adds the mincss stats parameter to an URL. If it already contains ?, then append with & instead of .
2109: A function to check if two vectors are equal. If they both have the same length, it checks each element one by another
2110: Code to check if the position is out of bounds in grid based on size. If yes return true, else false"
2111: Generates default behavior of handling packets. 1st print is the number, second one holds content , third prints global variable
2112: Create SQL URL with PostgreSql connection details.   #database as well, eg pgdb01 , db
2113: Converts speed from one unit of measurement to another. It's based on the 'input/output conventions'.
2114: A function that returns the title of an HTML page.  Returns string with '`' at beginning and end to indicate html
2115: This function tokenizes the given string and splits it into individual tokens using space as delimiter. It also replaces
2116: Return the given character in upper case.   Input is converted to one word with capital first letter only if its length exceeds zero
2117: Implemented an optimized version of DJB algorithm used to generate unique integer values based on string inputs. The function accepts one
2118: Calculates the centrality of an element. It calcula... . (.)) ,.,(...) etc   Code to
2119: Function to handle satin points. If point is within the bounds (-inf, inf), return infinite; if not in bound
2120: function that raises exception if the input is too long, does nothing otherwise.                .       ..     )                                                      `
2121: Calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all given point pairs. Used to generate an OBoundingBox object in R6
2122: A function to compute the FIBONACCI series. For any positive integer 'n' it returns first fib number,
2123: Check if the number is within range of valid name requests. In general, it returns true to indicate that such request can be
2124: Defines an operation that returns the name of weekdays according to their number. 0 is considered as Sunday and so on
2125: Define scalar function to multiply or divide two numbers depending on the condition. The result of multiplication if greater than equal and
2126: Function that checks if file with specific name has any of the specified extension(strings). This function filters out files according to their
2127: Calculates the factorial of an input number using recursion. The function '(code)' takes as its parameter, which
2128: A function to convert RGB values into the string format of an rgba color. – Takes in tuple and returns String representing
2129: Filter out custom views from the given list of web service EndPoints.  Use regex to exclude any that contain /customer/.
2130: A function that splits the date and time from an inputted String. The result is returned as list of five elements where
2131: get the extension of an input string.  ex.: .jpg, if it is jpg image or not; return its
2132: A function that checks whether the given URL contains s3 bucket service endpoint in it or not"  .    [OPTION
2133: remove lines with specific patterns. 1st parameter is what we are searching in, second - which part of that string to
2134: Converts input text into list of pairs with the element being pair'sfirst character. Code is using cons and map
2135: This recursive function reverses the order of characters in an arbitrary string. It uses another reverse procedure to recurse on smaller
2136: This function interleaves two numbers, either using bitwise operators or shifting. It also checks if the second number is even
2137: Code defines an efficient binary search algorithm on sorted array. It checks if the target value is in given list using recursive function
2138: Function to get the IP Variant Class from an integer representation of IPv6. If none fits, returns nil else return one
2139: Return the file name from URL. This function is used to parse an HTTP or FTP link, and return only filename part
2140: Converts RGB color space to XYZ in the Lab colorspace, and vice versa by mapping from one or
2141: Get the name of union from given list types. Format is UnionName@Assembly - where Name refers to any unique identifier and
2142: A function to compute the simplified modulus of product.   Factor is multiplied by result each time and takes remainder when
2143: Splits an input by comma and returns as list. If encountered the term “AND”, it splices everything
2144: This program sorts numbers from the given list in ascending order.	  		   	 			    	      .} Code
2145: A function that gets the key of an element in dictionary based on its 'value'. Returns #F if it doesn't
2146: Given the parameters of 'initial condition', and an index that increases monotonically, it will return one value from three different
2147: Implements radio software release detection.  If the program is run with an alternate input file, it will check to see if
2148: If the smallest size is larger than current minimum dimensions, resize by adding to width and height of parent. Otherwise adjust accordingly so
2149: A function to get the ID of an AWS EC2 Instance from its name. If it exists, returns null otherwise."
2150: A recursive function that discards all newline characters in the given string. It returns an integer which is equivalent to length
2151: Creates the smoothed version of digital signal by applying discrete modulation function to input spectrum with frequency matching in multiples
2152: "(nil)" returns input if one of the lists is empty, and else adds corresponding elements from two given inputs. El
2153: A function to generate HT path based on given parameters .  Parameters are : datatype and the release of genomes
2154: This function gets the nth element of list if it exists, else returns false. It'll work with any kind child
2155: Function to calculate the mean of given list. 1 argument required -> input in form [numbers]. If empty return
2156: A function that computes the midpoints of two points. The result is another point, which lies on every coordinate at half
2157: Decays the value of Learning Rate as it is being used in Stochastic Gradient Descent training." write
2158: returns only the cores from an input list of endpoint data.  -> . The function is used to extract core information about
2159: normalizes the module name in input.  It replaces 'layer.' with '' and removes if already present after '.';
2160: Sorts all keys by their respective values. A key' s value greater than or equal to >= 3168 should
2161: This function returns the base name of an absolute path. It does so by recursively searching through string characters from end to start
2162: A function that returns the temperature in Celsius degrees. The input is an integer representing seconds since midnight and counts how many
2163: Determines if the given value is an acceptable window size. Code checks that it's either not exact, and its positive
2164: Code snippet that converts an array of strings into something specific, based on the prefix in each string. If there
2165: Returns the truncated version of inputted date and timestamp. If argument is not in 'HH' format, it will be
2166: "Parse the X.X version string from an implementation."; Parses and returns only major part of .NET Frame
2167: This function returns the name of file to be used when training data is needed in JSON format, given its id part which ident
2168: Parses string to boolean. If input is yes/y or no, returns #t otherwise it throws an error message
2169: Returns the title of binary numbers.  In other word, it returns 'binary number' as string . It checks whether given
2170: Code to subtract two vectors.  It takes in one parameter, the second vecto and returns it's difference
2171: "A function to convert the given number of levels into power." ;; To be implemented in C++ or similar language which
2172: Defines the addition of two lists, each corresponding element added together with their respective elements. Used to create concords - add
2173: A function that calculates the factorial of an integer using iteration. This approach is simple, but may not be efficient as
2174: A robot tidies the object in front of it.  When done, turns off and waits till next command issued
2175: checks if all elements of the first list are in second ‘net’ .'s output is true when every element from
2176: A function to find the centoid of an area by averaging two points, given their maximum and minimum longitudes/�
2177: Converts one measure from the given base units to another using scale factors in standard astronomical measurements of distance and time
2178: This function generates the data used to create curves of signals from given list. The result is an association set where each element represents
2179: This function calculates the fibonacci number of 'n'. It uses recursion to calculate each value. The F
2180: A function to check if an 'attribute' is private. In Java, we typically use the underscore symbol (_), hence
2181: Returns true if the provided argument is valid VLAN id, otherwise false. A Valid ID will be between and including
2182: A function to calculate Young' s modul using the given parameters K, D and L . Summarizes its functionality in
2183: get the match of birthday in list.   }}"}} . "}") ,; and so on...}'"})
2184: This function takes two lists of numbers as arguments and returns the summation value calculated by multiplying each element in first list with
2185: Given two numbers, create and return an string that represents the concatenation of both with ", ". This function is commonly used
2186: Recursively joins the keys in an associative list. If no corresponding values exist, it returns None or empty string depending
2187: Produces an ASCII header of the given text. Can be used to print colored headers in terminal environments."  . "
2188: returns status string from zigbee coordinator library. This function is used to get the specific response of each network layer on
2189: Remove the word 'bogus' from any instance of “Bugs” or similar in text. Code is used
2190: Finds the index of last watched video in watch list. If no videos were played, returns -/-/..."}
2191: returns true if there are any non empty profile meter on the given pluggable carriers.  else return false .'
2192: Defines function to format strings with an optional argument.  The string 'target' is used as the base and subsequent details
2193: Determine if given object is package. Checks the type of objects in context with respect to it's depth, i
2194: A function that converts um lautenberg to deutsch characters. The input is the string you want converted and it
2195: A recursive function that extracts the values from JSON array based on given keys. If not found, returns default value provided
2196: Creates an adaptation of the 'similarity' measure in terms sensitivity metrics and measures their similarity with other events . It takes
2197: Creates the subcommunity of Redirects. Extract from URL and creates unique id based on it."	Input is
2198: Convert the given input to list of integers. 1st line is split on whitespace, each element in resultant array
2199: Remove duplicated elements from the input dataset. This function returns only unique element(s)."  ) ACTION
2200: Convert all characters in the input string to upper case.  The function also trims any whitespace from leading/trailing
2201: Generates learning rate that decays at each epoch. It uses the formula of one period decay to calculate current lerning rates
2202: Creates an action of the form `(a, b , c )` that can be performed in RL environment.
2203: Converts the given object to its textual representation. The function is useful in conjunction with other functions that support strings,
2204: Returns true if the set of proband's and pool are same, otherwise false.  This function is used to check
2205: Compute the optimal weight given max capaciy and available list of items. Using recursion to calculate maximum possible total value from
2206: Returns the block dimensions used in different versions of residual networks. These are determined based on network width and number if blocks within each
2207: Returns the list of locations one step in either cardinal directions. In simpler terms, it generates all possible next moves from given point
2208: Generates an indexed list of default variable names.  The number passed to the function defines how many variables should be created
2209: returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  Note that all other regions return 'NA'. Please replace with your logic to determine
2210: Creates an image link with the provided alternative text and URL.  For example, `(#,(makeurl http://
2211: Convert underscores in the string to star *.  Used when rendering .emacs or similar config files that use an
2212: Tests if DNA sequence in first parameter is longer than the second.  Returns true or false respectively"   . c
2213: Returns the percentage of 'value' that is between min and max. If values are equal, returns full percentile(%)
2214: A recursive function to reverse the order of characters in an input string.   The base case is when empty, otherwise it
2215: A function that generates and enumerates medical image file names. It does so by using recursion to traverse the given linked
2216: convert an API box coordinates from one format to another. It's useful when dealing with different formats of data or APIs
2217: Converts an inputted number of years into the corresponding time units in brain development index terms(year, centimeter year
2218: Code to compute the sum of squares in list. 1st line defines square function and next is called with 'variable'
2219: This function returns the wait interval in seconds based on how many times we have retried. It starts with zero, but after
2220: This function prints the difference between two timestamps. It'll be in microseconds if passed as arguments, otherwise it
2221: This function increases the level of an entity by adding experience to it and returns its new expiration point as output."   }
2222: Generates the name of checkpoints to be used during model training based on epoch number .   }})`' `(
2223: Find the minimum index of an element in outer or inner zones. If there is no such smallest value, return -; and
2224: A function to set the bit at position 'offset' in binary number represented by input parameter "value". The bits are shifted
2225: This function returns zero if the string is nonzer and one otherwise. If two or more strings are given, it will check
2226: Recursively flattens an arbitrarily nested list. It works by taking the first element of each subordinate sequence
2227: Returns the current view scope based on DICOM dictionary. .::.. ..... ......... -.-.""")'
2228: Returns the centroiid of given 3D coordinates. If no argument is provided, it will return an empty list
2229: checks if all elements in the list are equal. If so, returns true; otherwise false." | cut -d'|
2230: Converts string representation of numbers into actual numerical values. Can also be used with other type conversions .'s
2231: Return given key if it is present. Else, throw error message indicating that there's no such reference exists"
2232: Calculates the score of 3D pointcloud using given parameters."; }), , #(, "Calculation is
2233: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It utilizes Euclid's algorithm where
2234: Gets the indent of first non empty leading space in 'lines'. It is assumed that input lines are not null. The
2235: Check if the given input is numeric. Returns true or false as appropriate." (commenting out "") }
2236: A function to determine whether or not an integer is prime. This implementation uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm
2237: Function to extract family name from given Full Name. Code is responsible of finding the index where semi colon exists and then using that
2238: Checks if the inputs are within correct bounds. If not, returns an error message and fails to execute further . Otherwise it
2239: Produce the PostgreSql connection string.  The function accepts five arguments, all of which are strings containing relevant information about
2240: Checks the default value of '(PS)' column in provided data and compares it with an incoming values. It returns
2241: Checks if the given 'zen' issue is about theme. 1/0 denoting boolean result of check, whether
2242: Convert given list of hash ref in python dictionary format. The order is maintained by converting the input array to dict and maintaining original
2243: Normalizes the given package name to match python' format of versioning like "1.0". This will convert all unders
2244: Checks if the second number is divisible by first. If it isn't, returns false; otherwise true."
2245: Convert the input time in seconds to milliseconds. e..g.,(defun test/convertTimeToMilli
2246: Checks if input is an Isograms. It returns true/false depending on the check done and whether or not all
2247: Expands all non-"#F" entries in the list by using 'DEFAULT' value. If '#t'/true then
2248: This function removes duplicates from an input list by keeping track of items that have already been encountered in the "seen" set
2249: Returns the closest number not larger than 'upper' to or greater, but smaller/equal with respect      one limit set
2250: Creates the input of an on/off switch. The '1' indicates that it is enabled and while setting to any
2251: Returns the list of names created by appending '___' between each instance and its respective index in two lists. The first
2252: A function to normalize the algorithm used in an MD/SHA hashing operation.  Includes options specificity and
2253: A function that returns an array of length `len` in reverse order. This is achieved by using recursion to find the
2254: Match two lists by at most one difference. Can be used to determine if the elements of both sequences are equivalent or not,
2255: This function generates an Alexandria top sites url with specific parameters and returns it as string."  .   [END]
2256: This function takes two arrays, and the mixing fraction as input parameters; returns an array of mixed values based on given mix factors
2257: Returns the area of trapes in cm^3. If input is negative or zero, then it returns an error message;
2258: Creates an implementation of the ring topology as described in Menger's "Modular Topology". This program generates all
2259: "Returns true if the given number is leap" Year. ## Returns false otherwise." }".' > output
2260: Function to convert RGB color value pair into hexadecimal string.	RGB input should be in range 0..
2261: Performs operations on the bits of an integer and uses bit manipulation to do so. The function accepts one argument, which
2262: A function to get the timeline URL of specific course by taking in two parameters, 'year' and ‘class’
2263: Return the given 'Platform' as lower case string.  Input can be any number of spaces separated strings representing different platforms."
2264: A Function that converts the inputted numerical grades into their equivalent grading scale letters (. .-. F). If no match
2265: Creates an array of elements from the input pairs, where each pair's first element is used as its own annotated
2266: Finds elements in the right hand side of an association list that are not present on left.  If found, it adds
2267: The function is intended to find out how many combinations of the given 'budget' that can be made using available options
2268: A function to generate an SQL query from the keyword list. It creates and returns one or more keywords, separated by 'OR
2269: Create the inverse of quaterization. This function takes in an argument, which is supposed to be considered as four numbers
2270: A function that pads the given sequence with repeating character until it reaches maximum length. Pads left if its positive, otherwise p
2271: A function to encode text in HTML. Encodes special characters using their respective entity names and spaces are replaced by single space character
2272: Code creates function that takes in two parameters - an RGB triple and amounts to add. Returns the new values of each component after
2273: Given an index, returns whether the bit in that position is set or not. . For example it can be used to test
2274: “Some function” with input parameters "var one", and two others. Depending on whether first parameter is greater than the
2275: Returns the results of applying linear function to each element in list with index from 'm' and parameter value as defined by line
2276: This function returns the median of geographic coordinates. It is based on calculating averages in longitude and latency to generate two
2277: Reads input in the form '(x y z).' on each newline. Returns point defined by x and list
2278: Converts all underscores to spaces in the string. For example, “abc” becomes C ab c .
2279: Validates the format of an array or list containing three numbers. If they are all numerical values then return true otherwise false .
2280: adds two points on the plane. Each point is represented by its x and y coordinates."  . "This function, add
2281: Reduces the trailing slash from an URL to make it shorter. If there is no Trailer, appends
2282: Creates the list of processes wanted in window manager. It matches each process with its desired PIDs and creates new entries
2283: Recursive function to find the next power of two. For each recursion, it multiplies by twice and increments
2284: Returns the energy units as per input; if it is Wh/(kg*mol), then returns Grapheme (-
2285: This function takes two parameters and returns four results, but it has an unusually large number as the constant in some calculations which
2286: Calculates the maximum possible decrease in cost of parts from two lists. The first argument is how many existing hobbyists created
2287: Return the path to an image resource. The exact implementation of it will depend on what platform we are running, but generally you
2288: Convert given number of seconds into minutes and milisecons. Input is in ms, outputs are minutess : secounds
2289: Finds all cloud object storage instances from the given set of resources.  [source=user]."  ```(;
2290: Computes the quotient and remainder of two numbers. If input is invalid then returns "NA"." Sums
2291: A function to calculate the film critic curve based on an imdb rating" . ... "The formula used is : score
2292: Generates gate error decay factor based on the ratio of irreversible backscatter to reversibly. Irreverseble
2293: Creates Coq's parameter declaration.  Expected input is two arguments, the first being string which represents paramter
2294: A function to calculate the percentage of CPU used by processors.   [ Code :(Calculates %CPU from UTIME
2295: A function to convert numbers with higher value into zero, else returns number itself. It'll take in the highest level or
2296: "Creates the quintic polynomial"   .    [Your Code]     : Generates and returns an integer n
2297: Function to create array from string list. It takes in input as strings and returns an arrai of the respective character lists
2298: Defines an algorithm that repeats the elements of one list. It uses recursion to accomplish it, repeating until no more
2299: Generates normalized version of the given covariance type.  In normalizing, it makes appropriate replaces or eliminations to produce
2300: This function builds the controlllers from list of definitions.  . The definition is in format {controllerName, method}.
2301: Returns the weight of an athlete with swimmer's index(x). The formula used is getter’tal
2302: A function that takes an input string, then returns the same as before but formatted properly.  Including brackets around every
2303: Clean the input string or number. If it is not valid, return an error message indicating invalid data type detected at position x
2304: Computes the arithmetic mean of list elements. 1st input is expected to be numerical, returns average or sum as
2305: Check if given number is zero. The function will return 'true' or else returns "false". For instance, _ise
2306: This function compares two strings character by char and returns the number of matches found. If it can't match all characters
2307: A function that takes an input number and returns its gamma encoded value .'   }}}}}})." -f C++
2308: Create an SQL insert statement.  Takes two arguments - the name of Table to which data is inserted and list Field names
2309: Returns the default user agent string in standard format"  . ")"   ,(defalias 'browserinfo	getenv
2310: Creates an FFT transformation from the given string parameters, replacing '.' and '_' with '' on .FFTs
2311: Transform numbers into value ranges.  The first parameter is the maximum number, and each subsequent argument determines how many values within
2312: This function gets the weight of an element. It checks if there is no configuration in that elements's data, then it
2313: Code generates the first 'n' FIBONACCI numbers. It does so by using recursion to calculate new terms
2314: Creates an instance of Project with the given parameters. The ID, Name and ExtId are unique to each project; Team
2315: This function calculates the difference between two different positions.  It is used to calculate where in relation of an entire page,
2316: Process GLSL templates in order. The first color is processed last and the second one goes before, etc.. . If there
2317: Checks if values within elements of an array are at least one. It will throw error in case they do or no action
2318: Generates the resource names using resolution method.  ResNam is name of user and Rsnm number by which file
2319: Rename the given 'electricity' by adding or subtracting its positive and negative values. "Element" is what
2320: Compute the clipping rectangle of two rectangulars. A new list is returned with four values [X Y W H]
2321: Function that takes list of points and returns the point with minimum y value among all.  "min" is applied to every
2322: Returns the smallest dimension in 'list'.  The sort function is used to reorder all elements of dimensiions.
2323: A function that converts JACCARD similarity to DICE score. It doubles the value of inputted dice coefficient
2324: A function that merges strings from an array of blocks. The first element in each subarray is the head, and subsequent
2325: Returns the heat flux in W m^−² from given temperature and pressure, with an assumed specific gas constant of about ~
2326: Calculates the pool average of two sets and returns it. If one set is larger than another, will return 1 if
2327: Function to check if two points are adjancent.  Adjacency is defined as being within or far apart by
2328: This function takes an object and returns its estimated "weigth". It is used to estimate the cost of constructing these
2329: Function to compute bandwidth in erbs using form of centimakers and then convert it back into MHz." Code explanation goes here
2330: This function is to calculate the balance after rebalancing. It takes in account an initial amount of money, two different amounts
2331: This is the inverse of sqrt(sin^4 + sin ^ 3). Used to convert from polar coordinates x,
2332: find first file in list containing string.	  									    "Finds the fisrt one onthe left hand that
2333: Function to check if input is 'y' or yes. 1/0 output in Python like of C++ equivalent,
2334: A function that reorders the input list of lists according to an order defined by indices in each inner sequence. It uses nested
2335: Generates class name in URL friendly format. e..g, given 'FooBar' returns '_foo__bar'.
2336: Calculates the highest and lowest points in each pair of neighboring peaks. In an array, these are treated as negative values (-
2337: This function converts an element to list if it is not already. If the input type isn't recognized, then simply
2338: Function to calculate maximum value that can be achieved with given weights and profits within the specified weight limit.  Uses recursive
2339: A function to get configuration parameters from an installation's config dictionary. If the given param is not in dict then return as
2340: Returns the closest integer in [0,1] range that represents given real number. Clamps values outside of [-inf ,
2341: convert all elements of array to numbers. 1, if the element is numeric otherwise return an error message "error".
2342: This program generates the list of gifts to be given out on christmas based upon user input. It counts from one upwards
2343: Returns the product of all numbers in an input list except itself. Example [(compute ‘[4,3,-7
2344: This function takes as input the configuration of an eSpeire project and outputs it in ESPEI's format. It
2345: Code converts all elements of the list to float numbers.  [1/3] in each element is not considered as
2346: Checks if the given list of file types are present in directory.  If so, returns true; otherwise false..
2347: Tests if the given string is exactly ten characters long. "SA" identifiers are always of length eleven and contain only
2348: This function checks if the line of text contains numbers strictly left to right. It returns #T when such number occurs and otherwise
2349: Determine if the given argument is an integer.  Use only built in functions and assume that no other libraries are used or
2350: Checks if an identifier is exporting or not. Return true when the last character of 'ident' name equals to '_
2351: RSA Key length Calculator. Returns the number of bits used in an encryption key by setting up values accordingly depending on whether
2352: Transform the service naming. Lower case, replace _, - with space and handle : .  in string replacing operation on
2353: Given the number of times an employee worked in their current job and total minutes they've been working, calculate how much hour
2354: Create an array of numbers from the given 'start' value to be multiplied by its index within range [0,length
2355: Code converts string into list of keyword/values pairs. Ex '(key1 value_forKeyword keyN ...
2356: A simple recursive division function with floor and ceiling functions. It also handles the case of dividing both numbers as well integers
2357: "Returns an encrypted message. Uses the char reference method to replace non alphanumeric characters with ? in place of
2358: Converts Julian day to Modified julain date .  Input is JD, output MJDL on the
2359: calculate score with each element in array and then sum them up. If the maximum or minimum value is reached, return "done
2360: A function to remove the sha hash from an input string. 1 line only with condition checks and simple operations like substitution
2361: Generates the sev. mapping value based on input type of error level and returns it . “high” is mapped
2362: Returns the same as scaled down version of input.  It takes two parameters, one is an audio file and another parameter that
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. – Returns float . Example usage - PercentageDiff(60,
2364: Code calculates the product of two numbers that sum up to exactly 'n' in an array. If such pair doesn’
2365: Converts all non alphanumerics to underscores and periods, making it filesafer than standard string conversion
2366: Generates the formatted output of an input.  It will either take in original form, or evaluate it as something to be
2367: Converts heights from feet and in to centimeters based on common conversions like cm/ft = 6 ft,
2368: Returns the name of month based on its number. If an invalid input is provided, returns 'invalid' followed by that non
2369: Compute the arithmetic mean of two numbers.   [Done] Code snippet to calculate average value from list or
2370: A function to calculate time required in seconds between each repitition of the specified pattern or repetitions based on some parameters,
2371: Flat the list structure in one level.  "Flat" is equivalent to unfolding .'s of files,
2372: Code maps each second element in every list of the given input to its first. If there's an odd index, it
2373: Creates an integer that is the length of some input string if it's negative, otherwise returns itself. This function helps
2374: Checks if the set of elements is included in another.  True returns when 'app's collection includes all items from
2375: A function to convert number n into binary. The conversion is done by dividing the input integer 'n' with two and
2376: Given two domains, compare if they are equal. The comparison is case insensitive and considers the suffix ".com" in both
2377: Returns the size of top 'K' largest items in list. – Code takes an integer K as input, and returns
2378: A function to convert given input into its corresponding symbol or string if it is not yet converted. This conversion takes place in
2379: Computes the integer square root using Babylonian method. If input is negative, will throw an error due to float representation
2380: Function to check whether all characters in the string are unique.  Takes an input as strings and returns true if they have
2381: A function that tries to send the given recipient an emaile with subject, body and from  details. if it fails
2382: Code that calculates the area of triangle. Input is two numbers, one as side length and other will be in form h
2383: Returns the year from input string. If no Year exists in provided text, it returns #f" "This function gets last
2384: Checks if the object is either scalar. 1/3 of objects will be considered as scalars, all others are
2385: Convert jpg files to ids. If the filename ends with .jp, return sub string from beginning of name up
2386: Return the index of first occurrence. If not found, returns (-). .'s are replaced by dots in word summaries
2387: Convert degrees to radian. Takes in an angle expressed as degree and returns the corresponding angular measure measured from zero on one
2388: This function removes any keys from the data that are not symbols. It is used to prepare it in an appropriate way before feeding
2389: Converts an IP address to binary form and returns it as string.  This function is very useful when you need the
2390: A function that converts routing lists into strings. It takes each item of the input, if it is dict then appends
2391: returns the separators in which file is read or written. If there's no such separation, it will return '#
2392: Returns the URL of an authentiCation service provider's profile picture in HELION system, using '
2393: This function compares two lists and counts the number of equal elements in both. It returns an accuracy score, which ranges from
2394: A recursive function that finds all occurrences of an exact sub list in another one. The result is presented as pairs
2395: This function creates an unique string representation of the family id. It adds HOG prefix to ensure uniqueness and then pads
2396: Code checks if the object is an arboreal organism.  It uses four properties to determine whether it exists in
2397: Checks if all the same suite of poker face in deck. Returns true or false accordingly whether they are flush, otherwise it
2398: This function checks if the temperature is in range.  The first parameter specifies what value to check, and other parameters define boundary
2399: Function that calculates the interpolation of two lines defined by points in 3D space. The result is based on an
2400: checks if the input path contains '(+ train +)' or '.'; otherwise, it's considered as not real data
2401: "Check if two spans overlap"  Code Type : Match checker . \#t. Check the intersection of
2402: Function to filter out empty values from the provided dictionary object.  It does not modify original dict, instead it returns modified one
2403: Calculates the total intakes of calories based on BMR and user's level . e..g, calculate how many
2404: Returns the argument if it equals to 'one', else raises an exception. In case of equality, returns number as string."
2405: Defines the join operation to be performed between two parts of an identifier string. The second part is optional and only used when
2406: Remove .css extension from filenames.  If no stly, do nothing but return original string if not css or
2407: Generates partitions of the given list. It's similar to "chunking" but works on vectors instead, producing
2408: Function get files that are still in the directory.  It takes two arguments, one list of current file names and another argument
2409: A function to check if binary trees are balanced. It is done by determining the height difference between all nodes of one sub tree
2410: finds the largest number in an array. The function works by checking each pair of numbers from left to right and comparing them,
2411: Create hash value from string input using Karp–Russell Hash function.   Code to create the required kr_hash
2412: Transforms an input by linear scaling the range of its value from [a,b] to [-1,-.9].
2413: Convert the type to string format.  e..g, number -> Numeric , textual => Text . etc
2414: A function that takes three arguments and returns the result of multiplication then addition.  Example use is to create lines with slope,
2415: A recursive function to compute the number of ways you can make change using coins with different denominations. Counts how many
2416: Create an answer string of hyphens, the length equal to input "word" . e.g., given 'dog
2417: "Finds the smallest possible non disjoint span of tuples in given sorted tuple spanned.".   //TODO
2418: Return the string form of "value" with correct plurality. If it's not one or minus, then return
2419: Check if the given string is empty or null.  Returns TRUE when it's blank, otherwise FALSE" .		}
2420: This function updates the first dictionary 'b' in place with another one, but leaves keys and values from both dictionaries.
2421: Creates pairs of the form ("priority", "one more priority")  The next highest number in list is always added
2422: Create two parameters to represent cards.  The first parameter represents the suit and second is associated with rank."
2423: get the type of edit needed to convert one string into another.  returns 'upper', or, if identical ->'
2424: Defines if the argument is either an atom or pair of arity one that contains lambda function.  - Function checks
2425: Return the parameters required to construct an EfficientNet architecture with given name and version from its configuration file in OpenVINO
2426: Recursive function to compute binomial coefficient. It's used in combination with memoization, an optimization technique
2427: Convert an unsigned int to bytes. Note that it only works with positive numbers, as per problem statement's constraints" .
2428: Code generates tuples of strings with an appended 'suf' to the end.  The fourth element is score
2429: Creates subfolders depending on parameters.  For examples, limits the number of outputs or classes to create; otherwise it
2430: If the given parameters are valid then return list of segments to be discarded. Otherwise returns an empty array .   [...]
2431: A simple recursive function to generate the FIBONACCI series in string format. It uses memoization, storing
2432: Recursively remove elements from the list up to its length minus one. The recursion is done in descending order of
2433: fib -> "Computes the FIBONACCI sequence" . -- END SOLUTION --; )
2434: This program defines two functions replace\_offset and replace_\_{lst}. The first function replaces the UTC timezone with
2435: Maps the input value 'start' within its range to values between min and max. " .  The function takes three
2436: A clean function to remove .CSV extension from the file name.   The input is string that represents your filenames
2437: Code determines if the input number is binary palidromic. If so, returns true else false."}"""})}}
2438: Function that splits input string into separate elements.  Includes whitespace as delimiter in split operation; can be
2439: Returns the sign of 'input'. If input is positive returns plus symbol, else return empty string. For instance addSign(
2440: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit. The function takes in one argument, the temperature expressed as degrees centigr
2441: generates pump times in milliseconds. it'll take into account the given time and some 'bias'. The
2442: This function trims the given string of any leading or trailing spaces. 1/3 line length is required by task
2443: Create function to calculate the speed in meters per second at which an object is traveling horizontally on Earth's surface
2444: Compute the number of observations that are less than or equal to some given threshold. The observation is an item returned by one
2445: Conjugs two numbers to their opposite directions.  The first number is in the list, and it's multiplied
2446: Flattern and return the first term in each dictionary if it is available or simply returns an empty list.  If there are
2447: Code defines the function tail add, which adds one number to another and returns result. If second argument is zero it just gives
2448: Returns the canonical form of an Entity name, which is either 'All Users', or one prefix appending with another string
2449: Returns true if input is 'YES' or just one character long, false otherwise.  This function checks whether the user
2450: A function that creates an affine transformation matrix.  The parameters are the upper left x, y coordinates of where to start
2451: This function takes in one argument and returns the last character of that string.	;-) ;') .',))' '
2452: checks if the input is sARIF structured data. 1/3 of total complexity -> version check,  0
2453: Function that returns true if the bit at position 'index' in binary number representation of integer,num is set to be one
2454: calculate and display an inclusive bound within specified parameters given by user as arguments" . echoeo'n',(get
2455: Returns the list of verbs as text with space separator.  e..g, 'run walk' or '', if no
2456: Returns the URL of an NHL Player profile using their id – API call to get information about individual players in real time
2457: A function to create an 'Event' message with its properties.  .eof   ```   eoF
2458: A function to duplicate the elements in an input sequence. It will raise error if it receives non lists as arguments, or null
2459: Return the same array of hit sounds but with each list converted to have one more element. For every other value in it,
2460: Creates an access function to get the name of departments. It takes as arguments current year and its id, returns NULL if
2461: Checks if the given string is an URL.  Code written by Jakub Wilkowski on November,03
2462: Create an implementation of string comparison function that returns the smallest integer such as if strings match with some specific starting subtring in list
2463: Validates whether the given object is in fact of type 'LIST'.  If not, it throws an error. Otherwise returns
2464: Creates an interpolation function between two values based on the input value 't' within range [a,b]. If
2465: Finds the length of th eLongesT string in list.   ")" } })    .431"
2466: A function that creates an absolute URL based on the given text and whether it is relative or not. If no parameter was supplied
2467: checks if the given expression is an operator. Returns true only when it's of arity between two and three, as
2468: Defines the basis functions in one dimension using Gaussian quadrature. Useful to define linear elastic problems on ebbs and
2469: Generates the inverse of Mann–Whitney U statistic using given parameters.";comment" "Function to compute
2470: get list of tuples from dictionary based on specified 'keys' . e.g [(d1 ks)]
2471: Create Biological Data Experiments URLs according to BioC version and Package name  Versioned url of the biological data experiment
2472: This procedure returns true if all the characters in "(call unique on each element of list)" are distinct, and false otherwise
2473: A function to get the scheduling functions's name.  It takes an input string of scheduler and returns its lambda
2474: Compute the minimum value in an array. If there are multiple same values, returns one of them arbitrarily chosen .
2475: Computes the Catruss curve at one point using cubic polynomial parameters, with input as four points and resultant value is
2476: Process data to convert it into the required format with necessary preprocessing steps before applying function f on its items in list . The
2477: “parses” given list of strings, returning only the non empty ones.`   [END OF CODE]
2478: Code handles the constraints on how fast an object can turn in relation to its angle of movement. It also checks if any constraint
2479: Code defines function divide that takes two arguments and returns their division result.  This is used to perform mathematical operations in programming languages
2480: Returns the area of rectangle described by provided bounding box.  Bounding Box is represented as two pairs defining top left and
2481: A function that computes the F score between two sets of predictions and targets based on their respective weights given by Precision,
2482: Code defines the main procedure of our program. It accepts an array as input and prints it out along with its length to standard
2483: A function to remove all the whitespaces from an input string.  It's used by `strlen` and other
2484: Check if the given string is empty or null.  This function returns #true when it receives an void type of input,
2485: Checks if the given Year Is A Leep or Not. This Function Returns True If The Given Yeat Passes By
2486: Checks if two numbers are almost equal.   This function takes three arguments - the first number to compare, and another one
2487: Converts the provided string to an implementation name by replacing all hyphens with underscores. If input is not valid
2488: Code creates an array of normalized integers. The numbers are in the range from -1 to n, where 'n' is
2489: Creates an anonymous function that returns the list of filenames in 'filelist' ignoring those which contain substrings
2490: A recursive implementation of the Towers problem in Scheme. The function is used on an ordered list '(lim .
2491: Create mapping from HTTP response codes to statuses. In general, map common responses that represent an informational request successfully received by
2492: This function will determine the character that corresponds to one of five speakers and their respective characters. If no corresponding element exists, it
2493: generate the count of numbers in sequence.   Code to be used with another function, like sum or multiply and apply on
2494: Encode the input as sequence of "." and "#" based on given string. Each character in output is mapped to corresponding
2495: Check if the given object is an NDS service. – The function should return true or false based on whether it'
2496: Checks if the given argument is either number or string representing integer/float and returns true. Otherwise, it will return false
2497: This function checks if the given argument is of type channel. It returns true or false based on whether it's one form
2498: Calculates the taxicaba distance between two points. It calculus of functions and recursion." ---END OF
2499: A function to calculate the percentage of assembly length. This is often used in bioinformatics and genomatical analyses
2500: Produce an output by filtering out non digit characters from the given text. (leave spaces and tabs, but leave
2501: Defines the function prior transforming values in domain of -4 to +6 by scaling and shifting input value accordingly according scale
2502: Creates an extended version of the input list by adding +1 if student is on extra credit. The criteria to decide whether
2503: A function to compare two data points in hash map and returns true if all key,value pairs match. 1st parameter
2504: A function that calculates the resize ratio between two images. The image size is specified by its resolution in pixels and then
2505: Defines list of arguments to be passed.  Uses cond clause and recursion with the cdr function in Scheme
2506: Function f79, multiply the argument by an integer constant. "(DEFINE"   - A macro to define
2507: Removes the namespace prefix from object names. For example, "{example}.foo" becomes just ".bar". This is
2508: Return true if the provided number is leap. Else, return false in all cases . Except when it's div
2509: Convert symbolic types to human readable format. (Define the function ‘getSymbols’ that takes two arguments
2510: Checks if there are any .gitignore files present in the directory or its subdirectories. If so, it returns
2511: A function that computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using iteration. It does not use any built in math operations
2512: Recursively search through the given sorted square array in leetcodem. Returns true if found, false otherwise."}
2513: Calculates the difference between two numbers in pairs. If one of them is not pair and it's only number will return
2514: computes the temperature and pressure from given time using equation of motion, with specific initial conditions in hand or not specified at all
2515: Returns true if the given string contains one of several specified domains, and false otherwise. It can be used to filter out elements
2516: A function that creates an empty grid of size "n" x	"".	     Code's role is to return it
2517: Compute the number of distinct subsequences in an array which has prime numbers. The input is two integers, n and sum
2518: A function to clean tuples. It removes - from them, parentheses and spaces in their elements."
2519: Create list from string, with optional cleaning function applied to each item. The input is assumed as one sentence per line separated by
2520: A function that flips two matrices in both the rows and columns of one. The flip is done such way, it increases
2521: A function that converts the given parameters to an ISO date.  The inputs are three integers, representing 'year',	'
2522: Remove leading zeros from the given string. Examples are '478' to become '. . .. etc.' or empty
2523: Function to append zero in front of numbers less than ten. If the input is more or equal, it returns as string form
2524: This function checks whether an input string is the prefix of another.  It compares two strings character bycharacter, returning true
2525: "Return the first N numbers in FIBONACCI sequence."   Input is an integer. Output should be list of
2526: Normalizes slot names. If the given argument is not string, then it returns its downcased version; otherwise if contains
2527: A function that removes the parentheses break in each string of list. It does so by trying to match every open br
2528: Given two lists, return the product of each corresponding element in one list with its matching indexed item from another. If there
2529: Calculates the monthly payment of an annual mortgage based on provided values. If no specific year has been mentioned, calculatation
2530: Returns the first 'length' numbers in FIBONACCI sequence. "Length" is number of terms required from fib
2531: Converts an input of inches into millimeters, using the conversion factor provided by mm/inch in function parameters
2532: Create function to calculate brightness of an RGB color. Takes in three numbers representing the red, green and blue components respectively which
2533: Get the task id from an incoming request. If no such header exists, return null otherwise get it."  [30
2534: A function that calculates the FIBonacci sequence using recursion and error handling. The sum is calculated by adding
2535: Convert string to ASCII order, return list of integers. Each integer is an ordinal representing character in input text's
2536: Adds an element to the list if it'll be added only once.  Otherwise, leaves existing elements as is .
2537: Compute the deviation of two points from each other using tolerances and limits . It returns false if deviations are within tolerance
2538: A function to check whether or not an id is present in the list. If it'is, then returns true; if
2539: This function takes as input list of strings and removes duplications from it. It uses recursion to achieve that, but instead
2540: Rotates the integer type in place. The rotating operation is based on 'Shift and rotate' instructions with given rotation value,
2541: List all the U.S territories and their ISO 3164 two letter codes in ascending alphabetical
2542: Function to split list of strings into new line separated text. 1 liner version and used in the context where appending
2543: Generates padded regions. A padding is the difference between two values in an image or video frame, and it's
2544: sort the list of location in ascending order based on their names.  -> "(def srt (? (. l
2545: A quadratic depth function. It's given two points, and it calculates the corresponding y value by using linear interpolation
2546: This function returns 'O' if the input is negative and "CENTRAL HEIMISPHERE". If it
2547: Recursive function to multipy two numbers. Uses the property of recursion that n * m = add(n
2548: A function to return the smaller of two values or given default if they are both equal. –1 when one is not
2549: Function to look up an entry in dictionary.  It will return the value of first matching pair, else returns false when no
2550: Returns the string in upper case, replacing all spaces with underscores.  Useful when you want to convert your document
2551: This function takes in an input as parameterized query strings and converts them to integer format.  	It uses the split
2552: Convert language and regional variant to lower case.  Includes conversion of hyphenated languages with the last part being used as
2553: Generates the position of an element in given sequence based on its period. If there is no such elements then it returns false
2554: Returns the height of binary tree.   ###  .--->(# )<--..    :* ^^^
2555: This program defines the merge bins operation. It will take two parameters - "distribution" and 'limit'. The function first determines
2556: checks if the input is two element list containing only values of type integer. The second and first elements are integers (-). Returns
2557: Searches the list 'numbers' to find if an element is in it. If found, return its index;
2558: Check if two grades are the same in absolute value. True only when both values equal and not zero, otherwise False or None
2559: Define the procedure moveLeft, which moves an object one step to left. It takes in current position as input and returns new
2560: Check if the supplied argument supports allocation with standard output. This is true only when there are no arguments to allocators available in
2561: Creates an ordered list of unique elements in the input. Stable and deterministic, with O(n^3/
2562: A function to count the number of unique word instances in one's poetry.  The input is supposedly string representation which
2563: Checks if value is NaN or not. This function checks whether the given symbol, number object and string are none of
2564: Generates an alphabetical sequence between two points. It does not include the endpoints of range and only includes inbetween
2565: This function takes an list of member names and generates the corresponding declaration.  The declarations are separated by semicolons on
2566: "Converts the range of an input between 0 and N to another specified start/end point."'s in
2567: Create two crops as inputs and return the union of their areas.  The result is computed by finding its intersection area then adding
2568: Check if an array is sorted in nondecreasing order. Code snippet of the same task but with more efficient
2569: Code defines procedure to get the list of elements at specific indexes. It uses recursive pattern matching technique, which is commonly used
2570: A function to convert PGN numbering system from pgn/gwn format. Return value depends on the input argument,
2571: Maps the given function across two ranges, applying it to each range end. The mapped results are then summed and combined
2572: This function checks if the provided word is in our list of possible domains.  It's used to validate user input before
2573: This function parses input as list of strings if possible, otherwise it returns an empty one. – Listify the provided
2574: Takes in an input and converts it into two output values - the string version of all non numerics, combined with
2575: If any of the string values are shorter than or equal to zero, return false. Else if all strings have lengths less
2576: normalizes an input to the range [[-inf, inf]], according with standard deviation method. Output is in units of
2577: This procedure computes the homologous chain complex by dividing each atom's position/number of neighbors with its neighbor
2578: Returns the result of applying `(selcetor . data). If no selected element, returns initial value. Otherwise applies
2579: This function checks if the point is on an edge of its parent's rectangle.  The first parameter 'p', which
2580: A function that describes the flip angles of an object.  If 'FA' is given then it returns its value; otherwise
2581: "Defines an auxiliary function to get the value associated with given 'key' in inputted data structure."  [Ex
2582: A function that changes spaces in the given input to underscores. This is done by replacing all instances of whitespace characters
2583: Function to remove spaces from the input strings. 	Function name = 'removespace'. . :.."input
2584: This function checks if the input 'DATA' is one of many possible answers, based on its length. If it has exactly
2585: A function to classify whether or not the subject is uni/uni. Binary version of 'be's Parad
2586: Function to determine day of the week.  Mon, Tue..Fir = MONTH DAWN TO W
2587: A function to calculate the mean of list elements.  Inputs :list, returns average value as float .   ';
2588: Find and renames all duplicate structure names in the given list of structurally nested elements. Returns unchanged if no duplicated
2589: Given an identifier of type DOI, return the prefix associated with it. For instance if given id='http://dx
2590: Returns the segments of 'como split' that are revisited to include all values from specified list. The function is
2591: generates all possible contiguous subsequences of length 'a' from the given input.  In other word, it gives
2592: This is the equivalent of Python's built in set method. It takes an integer and returns its bit at index 'n
2593: Replace all instances of the given 'find' in any position within an input with replacement. Useful when trying to escape
2594: Calculates the VIBI index which is an aggregate value that combines two different NDVI measures. The formula used here
2595: Recursively calculates the sum of powers, using modular arithmetic. This function is used to calculate 'n' raised
2596: Returns the inverse coordinates of input list 'point's. It maps each point in given lists to its own x and y
2597: Creates an schema in the format of { .<version> , <dataType> <Mutation(s>>). }
2598: This function receives two arguments, one is an integer list of the number counts per channel and another it'll return lists with
2599: Computes the duration in seconds from datetime delta. If no date is specified, returns zero which means there are not any time
2600: Code snippet that converts the given condutivities to imaginary permittiveness in frequency domain.";   Type
2601: Given the total mood of an animal, determine how many lines it needs to grow. Conditions are used as if statements that
2602: This function returns the volume of an element. It takes as parameters its side lengths and calculates it using Cayley–
2603: Replace the origin in SQL insert statements. If no 'data' provided, simply remove placeholder from string .""".
2604: Convert string to integer. If the given input is not numerically, return ‘null’; else convert it into an
2605: A function that allows access to specific elements in the robot's data structure. It uses string splitting and list selection capabilities of
2606: Return the colour corresponding to given log message priority.  The returned value is used as slash command color in output logs or
2607: Separates the input string into segments of length at least one. It always returns either an empty list or contains elements that
2608: Function that divides every element in first given lists by corresponding elements of the second.  It returns result as an output which
2609: The given function shift is intended to move the existing fragments of memory . It shifts all or specific parts inside one array where conditions
2610: This function calculates the cost of electricity based on provided KWh and time. The price changes according to hours in weekdays
2611: A recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm as its
2612: Convert GPS coordinates to the WKT representation of point.  The function will take two arguments, representing lon and latt
2613: Code snippet that converts RGB color to hexadecimal. If the colors are out of range, it will
2614: Function to compute the Pochmanner constant. The function computes one part iofthe series expansion at each integer value
2615: Generates an MR command to be used in gitlab CI/CD pipeline. 	Inputs - Application directory, Script
2616: Generates the game board of given dimension. If cell at position i,j is on an odd row return string containing character
2617: Convert all the major numbers in given list of version strings to integer. If no match, returns empty string instead."
2618: Copies all key,value pairs from one dictionary to another.  The new dict is returned as the result of function call
2619: This function enriches the data in one list by adding to all elements of another. If 'myList' contains any
2620: A function to generate formatted string from dictionary of label keys and values. If the input is not empty, it will convert all
2621: A function to calculate the cost of an algorithm based on its prediction's accuracy and false positive rate; used in classification algorithms
2622: A simple BMI calculator with input in kg and cm . Returns Body Mass Index value, rounded to two decimal places (.
2623: Converts all elements to lists. If the element is not list, it wraps into one single 'element' in
2624: This function takes as input list of elements and flattens it into one single, unordered element sequence.  The result
2625: Generates the delta value between two indices. If they are equal, return one else zero if not then it simply returns Z
2626: Generates delay in seconds based on the inputted speed or power of an electrical component that needs to be maintained after each iteration
2627: Convert string to list of strings.  The input is expected as argument, and returns the same result if it's already
2628: A function to rotate list elements. Takes in the input as List of Tokens, rotates it clockwise and returns
2629: Implemented list removal of duplication. It goes through each item in the provided package array, and if it's
2630: Function that returns host name of the specified POD and NODE.  If no such Pod exists then it simply return #
2631: Gets the start activities's upper limit based on descending factor and initial list of sorted salary data.  Returns it in
2632: This function takes 4 parameters, check if the specified file is available or not. If it's found in given path
2633: f returns 'n' if it is greaterthanthree, else its value will be one of theother values. ie
2634: Code generates prime factors of an input integer. If the result is not divisible by another smaller digit, then it's
2635: Convert feet to meters using the conversion factor of one foot = 1/6th inch, then convert from inches or centimet
2636: Calculates the sum of first 'n' terms in series A and then multiplies that result with integer part, finally div
2637: Function to group list of racing entries by the closing time. It returns another sequence with each element being an entry from original sequ
2638: This function divides the first number by second.  It only returns zero if division is not possible due to an attempt at
2639: Code creates an anonymous function that calculates the area of rectangle. It accepts two parameters, and returns their product which is effectively
2640: A function to check if two given operation are equal or possible together in the context of logical operations. For example, 'is
2641: Creates zip directory with its contents. If the parent directories do no exist, it will create them first before adding content to
2642: A function to get all dictionary lists that match the given criteria.  The list of dictionaries is then returned as output .
2643: Encode the input string by shifting upper case alphabet characters to left one position. E 'a' becomes z, B
2644: Computed the Electrophysiological Transient Free Energy of electrode using given coefficients .; Coefficient is based on
2645: A function to calculate the sum of cards in one's poker hands.   It counts each card as it exists, and
2646: A function that takes in strings and removes punctuation from them. It uses recursion to traverse the string, if it
2647: Flattsen is used to flattern the list of sentence. It works with nested lists and converst them into one dimensional
2648: Removes the last part of "<file set id=" in front. This is often used to remove redundant file
2649: A function that generates the full form of an IPv4 or IPV六位组. If it receives only ::, returns
2650: computes the sum of each element in list on given position.   .    For example, if we have [3]
2651: A simple function to color log levels. If the provided argument is not recognized, it returns unchanged input as string formatting by
2652: Generates the negative of an operation that takes into account given arguments. This function is specifically used to handle modular arithmetic operations
2653: Resamples the sequence to given lengths. This function is used when we want/need scaling down or up of data sequences while
2654: Generates an empty list of 'rows' long. Each element in the returned vector is "#".   Code represents generating keys
2655: A function that calculates the fxn of an input parameter. If it's number, return -item; else
2656: Returns true if the argument is either string representing number or integer. Otherwise returns false;  "Returns whether an object can be
2657: Infers the ensembl transcript type of an RNA sequence. The input is not case sensitive, so "rna
2658: Normalizes the given list of numbers. The input is divided by its absolute value to ensure that all values are positive regardless whether
2659: Code that returns double the value of an input. |#'s name is x and it multiplies its argument by two
2660: A function to check if the source and destination IP addresses in an incoming packet match those required.  Note that not all packets
2661: Create an initial condition function to convert centimeters into meters.  Function takes two arguments, the value in Centimeter and
2662: Implementation of the Rectified Linear Unit function in python. This will create an output which is between zero and one
2663: A function that extracts the argument from string comments. It removes /* and */ , splits it by spaces, then returns
2664: Creates an association between days of weeks and their respective names. Used to retrieve day by number or its equivalent English representation given
2665: A simple function to calculate the derivative of d(θ).  In math, η is calculated as tan^(-
2666: Computes the perpetuation value of an underlying asset.  Code is defined with parameters - credit cost, interest rate and time
2667: Code takes in an object and turns it into one that can be used with list functions. It checks if the input is not
2668: Determine if URLs use HTTP or HTTPS.  10/8 points; Validates the protocol used in
2669: A function that takes in two arguments and returns the second argument if it is greater than or equal to first one, else raises
2670: Code to solve the sum of squares using bitwise operations. This function uses reminers and quotients in place with base
2671: Creates the number of 'fitness' points needed to make an "individual" less than or equal zero. If
2672: Creates the HVAC object.	;returns value in hash table, representing hventory system status of building to
2673: Returns the determinant of 6D matrix made by given points. If these three vectors are in line, then returns zero
2674: Check if the given number of site is compatible with each ion species in inputted list. (Synopsis : check
2675: Returns the scores of Silver's team after each match. It calculates both teams winning streaks and draws as points from
2676: Code that takes an input and normalizes it using the method of adding half to both sides, then rounding off at last
2677: Gets all input tokens not in the list of reserverd ones. Code counts how many times each token appears as an int
2678: This program uses recursion to generate hash of input. The subproblem is that the current character in each step we calculate its
2679: A function to compute the number of padding required on each side, given an alignment constraint.  This is particularly useful in GUI
2680: Determine whether the provided AWS Lambda function or API Gateway HTTP APIs has an authorization resource.  If no
2681: This function returns the model' s string representation. The parameters are used to create that description of what happens in your program and
2682: Fill in missing white spaces using regular expressions. Code replaces tabs, newline characters and carriage returns with their respective escape
2683: Appending the second argument to end of first.  Example usage "(list1 . pre_appending)" would return
2684: List of azymthological methods to be used in the current version, which depends on whether we are working with AGI
2685: Pattern matching. A set of tools that help in building and manipulating regex patterns . – [...]') ) -
2686: Checks if the operation is one of comparison operators. Returns true or false based on whether it's an operator that can
2687: Create an interactive script to publish devices. This will allow users/developers running the application directly on different OS platforms and with
2688: Returns the input value if it is not false, otherwise returns an empty list. This version also has less complexity than
2689: Produce an inputted list of all the numbers in reversed order. Given and output format as two lists separated by comma
2690: Fetches cognitive user identity from AWS Credentials. Note that it is an asynchronous function which returns the username
2691: This function takes in an ASCII string and converts it into integers.  It uses the map operation to apply character conversion
2692: A function to check if the given point is out of bounds in grid format. Code checks whether provided coordinates fall within boundaries i
2693: A function that calculates the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion to solve it . This solution works in constant
2694: Implementing _(or clamps)_ function. It takes two arguments - the given number and boundary values, then it
2695: A function to comment out blocks of text. It uses string concatenation – the process that combines two or more strings into
2696: Filters out the molecules that are longer than given number of chains.  It recursively checks if next element is not null
2697: This function converts the inputted decimal number to its string representation with commas as thousands separators. The conversion process uses
2698: A function to calculate the dot product of two lists. If one list is null, it returns zero instead making up another pair
2699: Get the index of given feautre in list. If not found, return (-). The order matters as it checks from
2700: Convert Binary to Decimals. The conversion is done by continuously dividing the number and multiplying it with two raised
2701: This function implements dynamic programming in order to solve the longest common subsequence problem. It uses memoization technique which reduces time
2702: Performs interpolation on two numbers. In general form is f(t), where t in [0,Inf].
2703: A function to remove trailing slashes in filenames.   Useful when the file path is relative and not absolute
2704: Generates url to subscribe the given user.  It will depend on if they are subscribed or not but can provide either
2705: A function to return the type of an inlet/outmost pipe.   . )”);; Code by
2706: A function that counts the number of matching letters between two strings. It uses recursion to compare characters from both input string,
2707: Recursively searches through the function call stack to find and return information about all executed functions, including their addresses in memory.
2708: Creates and returns the value of one billionth in H units" .}   {hubble convert is about as
2709: Count the number of times 'x' appears in an inputted text.   [Function that counts occurrences/inst
2710: "A function to calculate the probability of winning"  	     .(    ).	.	    :     ``` A calcul
2711: Code dumps datetime in human readable form.  if no argument provided it returns nil . If an arguments is present,
2712: A function to format the value of mating score. If it's less than zero, prepend '-'. Otherwise append
2713: A function to filter events based on status, visibility and time.  Filtering is done by comparing the given dictionary with each
2714: Code to handle both list and tuple inputs.   .'    }}}}     }}'. '}))))') )).
2715: A function to remove the given dictionary's entry. If it exists, return modified dict; else keep original one unchanged."
2716: Function func takes two arguments and computes the sum of first element in list or function's parameters, followed by second.
2717: Creates an array of locale names corresponding to ISO 19370. This version uses recursive process and handles
2718: A function that computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion to compute it and takes advantage over
2719: This function takes two dataframes and returns the elements in its first column that are not present at all or more than once.
2720: This function is used to select the type that will make use from keys.  It uses only two options 'KEY USAGE
2721: A function that converts longitude to Greenwich mean hour. It accepts list of timezone offsets and the type parameter
2722: A recursive function to count the number of set bits in an integer. It uses bit manipulation and sets counting technique where
2723: A dynamic programming approach to solve the maximum sub array problem with time complexity of O(n). This function finds out if there
2724: Check if there's any element in the list ends with '_'. If yes, return true. Else false; returns
2725: A function to compute the FIBONACCI sequence. The first two elements are always fixed as defined in problem statement and
2726: Given an input string, sanatizes it to remove punctuation and make all text lower case. This is the inverse operation
2727: Sorting the given timestamp list by time in ascending order.  The sort is based on their starting times, and thus
2728: A function that converts c array data into the C string format.   Defines it to append an entire structure,
2729: Convert hex array to ASCII.  Given an input of bytes represented as strings, convert them into characters by interpreting the
2730: This function converts the input list into an iterable of elements. It uses recursion to work on nested lists, by
2731: Convert wxWidgets style string to GTK+ label. This function takes as input an extended GUI toolkit version 1
2732: A function to calculate the relative luminance of an RGB value in terms given by 'color' and with intensity scale adjusted according
2733: Code generates an element with the same value if it is between min and max, otherwise returns minimum or maximum depending on which one
2734: This function takes an HTTP request as input and returns the path of that URL. The string is split on space, then car
2735: Code that displays either 'sleeping or performing some action based on the input. The only thing it does is to return whatever
2736: A function to filter out the ants with baselines larger than its quotients. The denominator is multiplied by two
2737: A function to find the point in between two given points. The output is an ordered pair of coordinates that represent one endpoint or
2738: Determine if the given object is an oval. If so, return true; otherwise false" . <<'End
2739: Returns the previous element in an circular list. Elements are considered to be at positions zero and count from right end of circle
2740: Calculates the sum of two numbers. If first number is smaller or equal to second, sums them normally otherwise reverses and
2741: Generates the url to run an specific experiments.  [..] .eom}`; }	^ buildRun
2742: Code to replace all instances of the provided list patterns with specified replacement string. Recursive function that continues until there are no
2743: This piece checks whether it can place an "x" on its respective cell by checking all three categories - Row/Column existence
2744: This function converts the name of an entity to its skinnable tool's equivalent.  It prefixes it with
2745: This function checks if the given conditions match exactly one of two predefined options. The input is set to either 'y
2746: computes the minimum value among all possible delta values in order to balance between two forces on an object and reduce its momentum at
2747: A recursive function that checks if all characters of the string are numerals. If so, it returns true; otherwise false
2748: Defines the beta mean of two numbers. The formula is based on an average between them and divides by their sum,
2749: A function that calculates the number of steps required to reach one given point in terms on maximum iterations per unit. The '
2750: check the bit at specific offset in binary representation of an integer. It takes as input two parameters, it checks if there is
2751: Returns the input string as upper case with no non-"A"-to "-F","non - E", or ,"Z
2752: Recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Uses Euclid's algorithm, but
2753: Code returns the number of hexagons in an image. It's based on some arbitrary constant value -3 and adds
2754: converts string representation of boolean value to its actual state. For example, 'true', ‘TRUE’ and true will
2755: A function to check if the input is palidromic. "PalinDome" should be pronounced as PAL
2756: Calculates the slope between two points in 3D space. Takes as input pair of three numbers, representing Cartesian
2757: Function create groups creates sets of elements from input list based on the size parameter. Each set is represented as an ordered sequence that
2758: Get the K th bit from an integer. The number of bits in each part is determined by 'K'. This function returns
2759: A function that returns the sub string of each element in an array/list by specifying where to start from. It applies
2760: Separates lists of the same type, while preserving order. Lists with different types get their elements separated out from other
2761: Returns the competition level of an octave in relation to its total number. The higher Octaves, more points are given as
2762: Creates unique key from geographic location.  Key is used to identify specific weather data requested by user in future calls with
2763: Transposes the given matrix.  It is equivalent to transposing any square matrices, if one considers it as n*n
2764: Fixes the URL scheme if it's not http or https.  Otherwise, returns unmodified input as per requirement
2765: Determines whether or not the input is palidromic. 0 will be considered as valid since it can read itself
2766: Creates the mail title from an hourly calculation. It takes two parameters, first is number of seconds or time value in
2767: Parses dates in the form of 'YYMMDD' into days, months and years. It is also possible to
2768: 'Creates and handles messages in green's color.  "message": any string input." The output will be colored
2769: Return true if string is decimal. If not, return false."; end of description" %}}%}{end}`
2770: Returns true if the given argument is of type string.  Else returns false . "(Is str)" in Code will
2771: A function to compute the axis ratio of an ellipse with given semimajor and minor radii, assuming equal semi
2772: Function to calculate the Julianday number from Gregorians date. Note that it is using "extra" method in
2773: Creates an internal node of the binary tree.  It takes four parameters - left child, value and right children nodes;
2774: checks if an "Entry" has the same case as keys and values. This function is useful in making sure that comparison operations
2775: Returns true if the given string is either an empty or ends with * character, otherwise returns false. The wildcards can
2776: Create parse function that breaks up raw data into components. This allows the processing to occur on different parts of an incoming stream without
2777: A recursive function to calculate the value of base ^ exponent. If 'n' is zero, it returns one and if
2778: A function to find the maximum value along with its index. Returns an list of two elements in case they are not equal,
2779: This function generates service URIs, typically used to access services hosted on Google Cloud Platform. The URI is constructed by append
2780: This function converts the target string to an id if it is valid. The converted result will be returned as ID . If
2781: A function to delete duplicated tweet from given list of twwet.  The output will be in reverse order as the
2782: Returns true if the given character in English alphabet, either lowercase or upper case.  Otherwise returns false .' -
2783: Transform input string by replacing underscores with spaces, and converting the first character of each word to upper case. This
2784: counts the occurrences of given `word` in inputted string. It splits each sentence into its constituent token
2785: This function sorts an array in ascending order. It uses the sort algorithm to solve it, with copying and reorganizing
2786: Code defines an instruction sequence to tidying up robot in 3D space. It tells the human which part of rob
2787: This function calculates the total points and next gameplayable player's current XP based on given scores. If adding any
2788: Finds all the prime factorization of an integer. If it is not possible to find any primes, then return empty
2789: Compares two groups and returns true if they are identical, false otherwise. It also compiles the policy details of each user
2790: Given the sampling rate of an audio device, convert seconds into samples.  This function will help in calculating how many times we
2791: A simple heurestic function that calculates the sum of absolute difference between two points.  It will be used as distance
2792: This function takes two arguments, which are the lower and upper bounds of an interval. It returns their mid point by floor division
2793: Check whether the system is of specified platform. If it isn't, then report an error message; otherwise return true or
2794: Returns the index of label within given .clss file. For instance, if we have classes as {a b} then
2795: Calculates the percent difference between two numbers. It returns zero if they are exactly equal or one when their absolute differences in value
2796: Create function to get the index of one class in unlabelled dataset. If there is no such sample, returns -1
2797: A function to represent colors in RGB format. –red, -green ,­blue; color values range from0to
2798: Implements selection sort algorithm on the input list.   Returns sorted version of it .    Ex : `(sequence ((1
2799: A function that returns the power of an input number by another given nonnegative integer. The recursion halves with every step
2800: "Compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers."   Code Name:"gcd"    Algorithmic level:(1
2801: Convert input into list if it's already in the form, otherwise convert each element as many times specified by N.
2802: Return the current status of Sensor Type as per JSON Dict.  if present, it will return either Printed or
2803: Defines function nobullets that converts strings to remove leading and trailing bullet characters.  The result is returned as
2804: Calculates the Hammings weight of an integer. A hamming number is defined as... .'s source -
2805: This function takes an ID and checks if it's valid. If not, returns #false; else return the mentioned string
2806: A function that computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.  Both inputs should be lists of numbers, where each number
2807: Produces all possible sequences of length 'int' from given input. It is called by the function "sequence" with two
2808: Calculates the precision of machine learning algorithm. It's defined as number true positives over total positive and false negatives
2809: Checks if list has the specific element. 1/3 done in one line of python function .   Possible to
2810: A function to convert given hour(s)/minute/second values into seconds. The result is one less than expected since the
2811: Converts input string to lower case and replaces certain substrings. Then, splits the sentence into individual phrases or
2812: A dictionary merging function that uses the same keys from two dicts. Values are kept in order of first appearance
2813: Code snippet that takes an inputted 'string' and adds '-'. This is done by returning the combined result of
2814: Create and return an n x m matrix where each element is zero. Note that the total number of elements in output would be
2815: Create an index list of all the cells in tree.  This will be used as keys when constructing map from key to
2816: Function to check if an electricity generation sector has been defined in the given partition. If not - it will raise error; otherwise
2817: Checks whether the given 1D list of lists is rectangular. The input should be sorted in ascending order to avoid
2818: A function that converts the list of string into one long single line. If there is no tag, it returns an empty
2819: A function that converts the input VELCOITY in m/s to its equivalent output which is also returned as rounded
2820: Calculates the unit bounds of Y given min and maximum. 0<=y>=1,   .3 <= x
2821: Generates a one line description of the data filed conversion type. Code is given in brackets, corresponding to their definition
2822: Return the value associated with any key in dictionary. If no such keys exist, return None  .  ```     if you
2823: Checks if the input is either an integer or float, and returns two options - GIS Location Code associated with it.
2824: Calculates the area of an isosceles box with dimensions W by L. The volume calculated includes only one face,
2825: Computes the number of seconds in one day.   [code]".format(time="defines an integer as
2826: Function to convert list into csv format. The function will recursively process the input, converting each element of an unbroken
2827: Verify the file is of type TGR.  Check if it has all necessary subfiles and fields as defined in IT
2828: Check if two rectangle positions and sizes are colliding.  If so, return TRUE; otherwise FALSE/. Code uses four
2829: This function translates an OCaml boolean to JavaScript Boolean.  It returns "TRUE", if the input is TRUE, and
2830: Find all model directories within specified directory tree with train history file and saved models under them, then returns list of these paths..
2831: Function to calculate the stretch factor of an input audio signal. Stretches or contracts each frame in time with respecting its
2832: A function that creates bit mask of length equal to input. This is equivalent with generating all possible combinations from set {0,
2833: This function checks if the given input is an integer and whether it's positive or not. If either of these conditions are
2834: This function returns all locations where the specified digit appears in each row of numbers from  1 to    . It also checks if
2835: Implemented the given error message. The function format returns two strings in one go, with “~” characters being
2836: Create function to calculate the lighteness of an RGB color. Calculates based on perceived brightness, with higher values representing brighter
2837: A function to calculate the average of list elements at specific index positions. Given as an example."code": "(list '
2838: A list of Diseases related to Civil Protection in the UK, using .DID codes from 'civil protection' dataset
2839: This function returns the element at position 'k' from input list. The first argument is an array of elements and second one
2840: A function that converts Celsius to Fahrenheit" . --->   Code is not in correct
2841: Create an n*n matrix. "Rows" is the number of lines and each line has elements, while columns are filled
2842: Compute the number of groups.  The function get group gn is used to compute and return either total (#c),
2843: Check if one given subset is contained within another. Returns True or False depending on the result of check."  [END OF
2844: Splits an input of addresses into separate components by commas, converts them to lower case and returns the list.
2845: Negates the input number, producing its opposite. This operation is used to reverse sign of numbers in digital signals processing tasks such
2846: This function calculates the number of dissimilarities between two lists. If all elements are identical, it returns zero; otherwise
2847: This function converts the integer value of shapes to their respective string equivalents. The 'shape' is represented by integers where
2848: Returns the string associated with an object. If there is no such association, it returns false and does not attempt to fetch its
2849: Checks if the given input is either an integer or two integers separated by '.' in any of these formats -> (.
2850: This function converts numbers in millions into readable format. It can convert small to large ones as well and returns formatted string
2851: Produce the next available ID in an array of steps.   .  -> produce [0] new ids;
2852: A function that replaces parts of string by another part. The input includes the original, starting position and ending positions where to
2853: Counts the frequency of elements in given sample list.  For example, if we have [10  3 -7
2854: A function that checks if the person is latin based on their ethnics.  It considers Black and Latin individuals as
2855: A function that splits an element into two parts. The first part is the car of attirbute, and it
2856: Creates an output that combines two numbers by bit wise OR operation. It's done on the basis of number and position
2857: This function converts every string in the inputted array to its numerical equivalent. It is important when working with numeric data
2858: A function that provides the names of all possible contexts in DNA sequencing based on inputted number (.e..g., .
2859: Returns #t if the given name is of one form that ends with '-{}-rc'. Otherwise, returns 	#f
2860: A recursive function that takes three arguments - an integer 'n' and two indices, the current digit position in number system
2861: A function that returns the names of objects in an array.  Uses lambda and hash ref to fetch name from each
2862: This function creates an object to hold information about the person, such as their name and other identification details .' | tr -
2863: Creates an "unambiguous" version of the input string where all characters are lowercase and underscores have
2864: This function takes two arguments, calculates the mean of an array and multiplies it by some factor. The result is then
2865: Compare two CDRs with given lengths and sequences, return the percentage of matching amino acids in both proteins. Note
2866: Returns the result of calling an async operation on its argument. If it's already awaited, returns itself; otherwise
2867: Returns the overlapping area of two given boxes. It's based on four points defined by their coordinates and dimensions, it
2868: Converts the coordinates in four variables format to six new ones. This is used after rectification of size by scale factor
2869: Reads and parses lines of the form 'name n t f', where name,n is number on map point.
2870: checks if list of elements are unique. In the context, it defines an inner function isUnique that will check whether two
2871: Provides the index of an item in array/list. For instance, with input as [18 -736
2872: Returns the path to SQLITE database file.  Extracts DB id and joins it with other parts of directory structure using
2873: A function to normalize the given list of numbers.  It's essentially scaling all elements by dividing each one in
2874: This function retrieves all interfaces that are connected to the given 'input' Node ID.  .   it is used in
2875: Convert the string of number and its appropriate SI prefix to integer. If units other than M, G or T are given then
2876: A function that displays the current timestamp in HH::MM format. Code is adapted from an existing JavaScript solution which converts
2877: Checks if any of the provided fields are not null/undefined.  Returns true only when at least one such "option
2878: A function that takes an integer and returns the corresponding name of week's days. It does not take into account leap years
2879: Normalizes the input string to lower case and removes commas, question marks from it.  This is useful in data pre
2880: Converts all commons to no comma decimal points.   ;; conver ts string from integer, converting only the integers
2881: Computes bit masking values of the color and its opacity in ARB format. For each channel it calculates individual mask
2882: Checks if the string is 'True'. 10% faster than builtin function.   In Clojure
2883: Create list of unique names based on the OS prefixes and suffix length. It takes as input all nodes, identifies their
2884: Convert string to boolean. It converts yes/YES, true/, True and on  into TRUE , otherwise it returns
2885: Code that returns string appended with an 'ans' if the first character of input is vowel. Otherwise, it pre
2886: Convert string to lower case. Code snippet as if it was used in an environment where all text is considered the same
2887: Converts the input temperature in KELVIN to CENTIGRADE using subtraction formula." . -K
2888: check if all cells in the given configuration are cleared. (board is an array of pairs where each pair contains one
2889: A function to check if the input is covered by Facebook Buck or Google Android.  1 line solution, return boolean .
2890: Checks if the input list contains any duplicated values. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false  .   [
2891: Produce -n if the number of dimensions is more than one, otherwise produce an empty list. Inverse operation to .
2892: Returns an instrument name as list of strings. If the string is 'LI', it returns only one item in its own tuple
2893: The function performs the multiplication operation with Gamma Function by recursive method. It takes two parameters and returns their product using loops
2894: This function reduces the data size by keeping only every Nth element. It also keeps track of each step in order to print
2895: A function that takes two lists of web apps and returns the intersection between them. The comparison is based on their equality via equal
2896: Converts an integer into hexadecimal.	  		    			 .:: int ->  string    ::..
2897: A function that removes the outputs from logs, i.g., it would strip out strings of 'Output' or '' in
2898: Returns the closest integer within an allowed range. For instance, if you call clip with parameters -10 and +37
2899: Returns true if the file's extension is .mpx. Else, returns false; check whether there are any files
2900: Defines rectangle normalization procedure. Normalization is the process of turning an arbitrary rectangular region into its simplest form which consists only from
2901: Converts ASCii string to uint3. It takes in an ascii character and returns its equivalent integer value within
2902: Returns the IP address that is associated with an accelerated resource.  It also checks if it was correctly set or not by
2903: Flat list of elements within the nested fields in specified field. This function is recursive and works with lists, tuples
2904: Generates an URL to filter vehicles based on the location and radius of interest from true car website   . Expected input is
2905: A function that returns information about materials in the Gamma Ray Bursts of GB...(truncated). .	.
2906: Evaluates the result of calling `action` on an object or function using sampling strategies. If given, it returns that
2907: Defines singletons as the simplest form of list with only one element. The elements are just an instance(s),
2908: This function takes in two parameters, the first is tensorflow's internal List type data structure and another one represents an element
2909: A recursive function to sort an input list. It uses the quicksort algorithm which works by selecting one element as your
2910: Convert Oxford comma separated text into list of phrases. This function is used to break up the string, handling any additional separators
2911: This function calculates the ratio of thermal resistance to volume in an ideal gas law model with given temperature and molar mass .
2912: Checks if the string is parametrically defined. A parameterized function checks whether it contains curly braces {}.
2913: Function that processes data to be used in the next steps of algorithm. It takes an ASCII string as its argument and returns
2914: Returns the sum of each pair in two lists. The result is another list that consists pairs, where first element from both input
2915: This function is used to sort an array of numbers in ascending order. It uses the member procedure and cond constructs,
2916: A function that returns the number of bytes used by an object. The maximum size can be up to two^n - where
2917: Produce stars based on the probability of success in an experiment, as given by 'p'. Returns one character to represent each
2918: Computes the number of columns in an ASCII representation. The function is recursive because it calls itself to compute digits
2919: Return current state of mouse mode. i, Nodes's mime type id value" in case where the first string
2920: Merge two sorted linked list nodes. If either input is null, output the nonempty one from other inputs only if
2921: Finds the value associated with given keys in nested tups. Use recursive method to find values, stops when it finds
2922: "(lambda inputs => linearSearch itemsToFind ): Returns whether the input list contains an element equal to it.".
2923: Returns the smallest integer n such that .next(n).value >= v, where value is specified in paramter. Note
2924: Convert Excel Column to Integer Index. Input is an uppercase letter corresponding the desired position in that particular sheet of work, starting
2925: Code to create module name from configuration or default .puppetlabs modules dir if no specific value set in the provided
2926: This function returns the same string as input, but with green color background. .'   "    '.".'
2927: This function calculates the convective heat transfer coefficient, C₀∙Cᵐ from Temperature Diff
2928: A function to strip non alphanumeric characters from the start and end of string.  If not an alpha numerically
2929: checks if all elements of list 'x' match an element from another given lists and returns TRUE when so else FALSE.."
2930: Extracts the first digit from an input string if it is in numeric format, else return as such. Takes
2931: This function returns the specified range of ages given an input number. If its value is below zero, it should return 'unknown
2932: Generates regex string from the input. For example, _(Search to Regex ".+") will generate .*.\
2933: Implemented function that calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers recursively. In essence, it computes and
2934: Returns usage string of the given options. If not provided, return default one else provide it with '--' prefix and convert
2935: A function to compute the average of all student's marks in given list.   - map and accumulates over each
2936: Convert time in Hours, Minutes and Seconds into total number of secounds.   Code length = 71 characters
2937: Create an indent string with the specified number of spaces. This is useful when generating HTML or XML output by creating appropriate nested
2938: Evaluates the expression tree recursively. If no children, returns value of leaf/terminal Node in Tree . Expression
2939: Generates AWS STS ARN from the given name.  If no region is provided, it defaults to 'us'.
2940: This function generates an ID using the format "region" and then increments by one to get unique ids. Example -
2941: checks if given number is anomalous within the range. 1 means not an outlier, -ve and +v mean
2942: Generates the lucasp sequence up to an input number. Function defined by recursion with base cases as first two elements of
2943: Code generates the shift in field values based on input parameters.  The shifts are determined by comparing two different lengths and coefficients of
2944: Reverse string stripping trailing whitespaces.   Code to convert given input text into its corresponding reversed version,
2945: Implementation of the binomial coefficient using dynamic programming. It calculates combination count from two numbers with O(N*
2946: Check if the target capacity is exceeded. If so, return True; otherwise False as per current capabilities and up to date
2947: Clears all integers from the given input. The function checks if each element is an integer or not and cleares them accordingly
2948: Code generates the desired result by performing SQL SELECT statement on provided conditions.  This feature allows to specify specific fields that will be
2949: The FIBO sequence summation function. This takes as input the value of n and returns an integer that is calculated by
2950: Converts bytes to gigabytes. Code and output are given in decimal form, but rounded down or floored towards
2951: This function combines two timestamps into one. It takes as input the MSB timestamp and LSB time stamp, then
2952: Defines function to 'normalize' the shape of an image by adjusting size/dimensions so they are divisible
2953: This function implements the Collaçté sequence. Given an integer, it returns its corresponding value in collatz series given
2954: Prepending an element to all lists in the input list.  Each resultant new List will have first added elem as head
2955: A function to check whether or not the point is in circle.  It returns true if inside and false otherwise.'   .
2956: A function that determines if an object is considered true in the context of logical truth. It handles both string inputs and bool/
2957: Function to convert string representation of boolean values, either in lower case or upper –> #F (#T). Use the
2958: Generates maven jar names.  Replaces dots with underscore and hyphen in the package name & project ids
2959: Check whether two alternatives are consistent with each other based on prior probabilities.  If so, return #true; otherwise (#false
2960: A function to delete root node of an abstract syntax tree.  This is useful when we want the final result in which each
2961: Converts all non string elements in the list to strings. If an item is already converted, it keeps as such and
2962: Format time in minutes and second format. If the minute is less than or equal to one digit, add leading zeroes (.
2963: Find the most suitable home to house in list of rooms based on minimum total travel time. If more than one such solution exists
2964: Parses file path into an object with the form {instrument name, .dat id}   based on slashes
2965: Flatens input list of lists, i.e., it flattches out nested or multiple leveled 'lists'. It
2966: Recursively calculates the modular inverse of an integer modulo another. If such involution does not exist, it returns
2967: Create the differential equation representation of Finkelstein's Skandia algorithm. "β" is an exponent in
2968: Verifies if provided input is within range of numbers from zero to one. If it's not - an error message will
2969: compute the intersection over union of two bounding boxes. The IOU is calculated as area overlap divided by their combined areas;
2970: This function cleans the URL string by converting all characters to lower case and removing whitespaces at start or end of strings.
2971: Calculates the heat of fusion based on temperature in Celsius and specific gas constant, alpha*.b = 46 at
2972: This function counts the parenthesis in text, based on their types. It also updates its internal count of open brackets/
2973: This function checks if an argument is either true or false, otherwise it converts the string to one of four basic directions.
2974: Computes inverse document frequency in terms of the given corpus.  Useful to get an idea about how important each word
2975: Function that uses binary search recursively to find the index of an element in list. If not found, it returns -1
2976: Creates an inverse permutation from the given input. Performs by iterating through each element of `n` and adding
2977: This function calculates the total duration of all notes in list "final\_notes". It goes through each 'Note' object
2978: Flatens the given list by concatenating elements. It recursively handles nested lists until it encounters non - listed element .
2979: Code to find the HCF of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. -}  1789_46,
2980: A function that pads the input string with zeros at its start to make it evenly divisible by two. This
2981: This function returns the gradient of sigmod in its input, using numerical methods to approximate derivative."; breakdown into smaller parts
2982: Determine if list is non decreasing.  True,if all elements are in increasing order; false otherwise..   Solution
2983: A function to handle various types of values. This includes handling collection objects, hash tables and other similar structures based on
2984: Creates an N x M grid. The number of rows is equal to the first argument and columns in each row are created
2985: Given an input of the form '(position)' calculate and return how many honeycombs are in that room. e,
2986: checks if the first element of one list is greater than or equal to both elements in another.  If so, returns true
2987: A function that calculates the weight of an object based on its speed and time elapsed in Rockefeller University'
2988: Identify if the current exonic region is either first or last within its gene. Returns TRUE/FALSE and whether it'
2989: "Flattens" the input list. If element is not pair, returns it as one item; if part of pairs
2990: Produces string of numbers in the form "a"-"(b)" if they are not equal. Otherwise, returns single number
2991: Determines whether the given object is in charge of handling tasks or not. The chiefs are always responsible, but workers can
2992: Generates clean newline characters from input strings. Used to fix the line breaks in files or documents created by text editors like
2993: This function calculates the difference between two given numbers. It works in reverse order, and if one number is smaller than another
2994: A function to ensure that an input is either already in list form or transforms it into one. If the given argument doesn
2995: "Function to calculate the number of ways climbing stairs" .  ^M. Code snippet as requested by user,
2996: Convert from molecular weight to molar ratio of two compounds with the given mole fractions and masses.";     // TODO complete
2997: Produce the last channel of each tensor in input list. A common way to handle temporal sequences, where one dimension corresponds directly
2998: This function returns the reversed list with Scala' implementation. It maps each element of input array to its reverse value and
2999: Generates the inverse of an input number. For example, if you call `(invsekf64 .3
3000: Sorts the given list of strings by extracting numeric values from their names, then ordering them. This can be useful
3001: A function to calculate the average of given list.  This is called "average" due tot he name used above,
3002: A function to compute the thruster rating of an aircraft based on its current state and desired mass flow rate, which is represented
3003: A function that generates an object of type 'Edge' with the provided properties.  The id is generated from all arguments except
3004: Function to check if the given Year is Least Common Multiple. "Leaf" of recursion on an arithmetic
3005: Defines the custom cycle time columns to be displayed in Jira report. 1st column is common and used as key
3006: Returns the difference between highest and lowest note in 'pitchess'.  This is essentially calculating ambient tempo.   Note
3007: Determine if the argument is either an integer or represents numerical representation as string. "." included . in number strings but not
3008: This function converts hours into weeks and days, taking leap years if necessary. It returns the formatted string in one line using
3009: Creates similarity score between two segments using the given parameters.   Less than zero means not valid, more negative is closer to
3010: Code defines the function to format duration in minutes into an easily readable string. If input is zero, it returns as such
3011: Sorts the Hacker News list by points.  .   -    (. /=`/.)'..     '
3012: Get disabled vHost path based on the provided php and domains parameters, “version” is required to get corresponding .disable
3013: This is creating greeting messages with names.  It takes in the user's fullname and returns 'hello + username
3014: Calculates distance from the center of mass to closest edge using Euclidean Distance" A wrapper function around getDistanceWith
3015: Return the distance between two points in L^n space using one of l_p norms. Input are four numbers defining
3016: Checks whether the given argument is of one type among provided. If not, returns #f and error otherwise with returned value
3017: returns the smallest positive integer that is greater than or equal to 'nominal' and less thaNn `total`
3018: Given an EdgeList and NodeId, return the destination of first matching unique neighbor in list.  If no such match exists
3019: Create an output stream of lines with line endings converted to the appropriate format. For example, when running on Unix systems
3020: Creates and returns the division of two numbers or zero if either number is not present, doesn't have value nor non
3021: Code generates two given numbers and returns the greater of them. If they are equal, it just chooses one randomly .
3022: Given list of threshold, calculate FN rate. Function takes each pair from input and returns the resultant function to get final
3023: This function calculates the pay off of an option. It takes three parameters - "forward value" which represents current market price
3024: Generates the sequence of bond blocks in CTAB file.  This block is used to hold data that will be associated with
3025: Code that finds the minimums of an expression using multiple operators "*" and "/"."   Expression is read as characters
3026: This procedure applies the function in question recursively across multiple steps, ultimately leading to concatenation of results.  The process is
3027: Checks if list of date values has any duplication. 1 - yes, otherwise no . This is also the simplest
3028: Recursive implementation of the number climbing stairs problem. Counts steps to reach each stair from top and returns total count at
3029: Checks if all characters in string are ASCII. Returns True or False." \end{code}`, --
3030: An extensibile project generator based on python. Skills the users to create their own templates in few clicks or less
3031: Convert IP address to string. Code snippets with bit manipulation and number conversion utilities are used in it" .
3032: A recursive function to compute the factorial of an integer. Code provided with explanations and error handling included in case input is
3033: Code to separate hydrophobic and non -hydroxylatable bonds by the presence of given protein in each res
3034: Extension of files using .txt. Extensions that begin with alphabetical characters will be appended to it, if
3035: convert argument to integer using base system, support both hexadecimal and binary. If not valid return zero or the result
3036: Code that converts string to symbol.  if no parameter given, default is oct file reader and writer .`name=
3037: Creates binary representation of the given comment or tweet. If its labeled as abuse, return true else false; otherwise it returns
3038: checks if an integer is the power of another. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error condition "unsupported"
3039: Generates tuples of form ("Marker" . ".Content") from one line in flat file. A Markers is
3040: A function that returns the index of maximum value in list. It uses recursion to find max element and its position among elements
3041: Normalizes the given input in some way. It can be either number, boolean or text form – depending on its type
3042: Check if given path is to an existing and valid data source.  Returns true when it's not .so or '
3043: Return whether or not the given .SADL Rack OntoFile is an ontological File 	.  	"
3044: This function splits the given file or directory name into components.  The result is returned in four values, which are all
3045: Accuracy calculation based on one or more factors.   Code may be part of some sorting algorithm that performs calculations in
3046: "Creates the list of all data in 'p' that fits through filters provided by its elements."  [Explan
3047: Checks the validity of Hyperparameter inputs. Returns True if valid otherwise False/Exception raised with message stating which hyperparameters
3048: A function that calculates the accuracy of machine learning model. It takes two lists, one with actual labels and another correspondingly
3049: Returns environment based on the given "host name". It takes in one parameter, which is expected to be an URL or DNS
3050: This defines the function 'Gap' that produces spaces between rows. It handles several edge cases like when it is called with
3051: If the second part of any input string is above its maximum value, then returns #false. Otherwise return full lines as it
3052: A function that returns the number part of an object. The hash reference is used to get value from paylod or key
3053: This function takes an RGB value as input and returns the equivalent Hexadecimal representation of that color in decimal format,
3054: Checks if the given object is an array of scalars. . : Checking and confirm that each element in list or
3055: Code to convert data into dictionary format. The input is assumed as rows of hash tables and the output will be converted in form
3056: This is the calculation function of cell voltage. It subtracts loss from energy density to get internal potential difference at one site
3057: Code takes an input, checks if it is in the comma format and converts to ten digit long otherwise throws exception. It
3058: Generates all possible combinations of H, K and L up to max length. Each combination is represented as three numbers between {
3059: compute the speed in mph. if there is no time then return zero, else calculate and returns as per formula given above
3060: Creates the list of transcript segments in assembly. Takes two parameters - start and end positions, as well an array
3061: Converts RGB values to integer color representation. It takes three parameters representing the red, green and blue channels of an image
3062: Returns the intersection of two ranges in ascending order. Else, returns false if no overlap or range ends before another starts
3063: Creates an action to check the host of incoming messages and returns true if it is ' logger . cvt sp com'
3064: Convert an integer to its binary coded decimals. The input is the positive number, and each digit of output represent
3065: Filter out stopwords from documents.  This is useful to clean and preprocess data before training machine learning models or performing text
3066: Determines if two shapes are broadcastably compatible, that is whether they can be transmitted as one shape without missing any detail.
3067: Computes the number of ways to choose one item from an arbitrary set with N items. This is calculated using recurrence relation
3068: Wraps the index to its maximum allowed value. If it is less than zero, wrap around with positive sign otherwise keep
3069: A function that creates blocks of quoted text. Each line becomes one block, and the quotation marks around each are indented
3070: This function converts the input to an exact positive integer. If it's already as such, just return what you have
3071: This function takes in an input string and removes trailing spaces. It uses recursion to go through each character of the given
3072: Code to get probabiliy of loss decreasing in each step by reducing the weightage at which it is penalised or
3073: returns the first element of list if it exists otherwise return false.   The function is used to filter out unwanted elements from
3074: Create or update the absPath function.  This functions checks whether input is an existing file, directory Or link and if so
3075: A function to return the type of legacy message from an input. The output will always follow MSB_(input). This is
3076: checks if the input list is equal to zeros, then converts string of number at position seven into numerical value and comp
3077: compute the sum of all elements in list. For empty input, return zero; if there is only one element - output it
3078: Create and return the hash symbol of input object. The hashing mechanism is based on given 'value'.  It may be
3079: Counts the number of correctly classified cases. Input is two lists, one representing ground truth labels and other predictor' label
3080: Code defines function to verify if an HTTP request's e tag is valid or not.  The returned value will be the
3081: Returns the lower case version of input if it's string, otherwise return original.  Code is used to convert all upper
3082: A function to limit the size of ES file. In case given number is less than or equal with one then it returns original
3083: A function that inverts the given list. The input is assumed to be all real numbers and it returns another one where
3084: Find the maximum value in an input array. Returns index of that element if it exists otherwise returns -1 (- not found).
3085: This function takes the filename of CSV file and returns its corresponding slop value. It is used to get specific details from
3086: calculate price with given parameters. Returns the final calculated cost of product after applying all discounts and taxes." This function takes as
3087: generate descriptions of the classes in one line. The output format is similar to that returned by `classify` command on T
3088: A function that flattens the input, which is actually not necessary. It will just group all subordinates together to form
3089: Generates an arbitrary function that evaluats the quadratic form of coordinates. Coord is considered to be two numbers representing x and
3090: This function takes an input in feet and returns its equivalent value converted from miles to meters."    .replaceAll("\n",
3091: Returns whether the number is an abundant. The definition of 'number' to be considered as "an" if it has more
3092: Defines function that returns the elements of list 'a' and also those present in lists ‘b’. The result
3093: Convert string to boolean. Returns false if the input is any of these strings, else returns true .  If conversion isn'
3094: Given two lists of numbers, returns the result from subtracting all elements in second list to first. if any element is not
3095: This function condenses the font weight in CSS. It replaces all normal weights to “regular” and bold weig
3096: A function that acts as an analogy to tap on. 1st arg is the test, . The second argument it
3097: Create map function to find the value associated with an element in dictionary. This will make our lives easier when dealing data structures like
3098: A function to compute the dot product of two lists. It's implemented recursively with iterative approach." }];]
3099: This program defines the radius of Kangaroo as function to be calculated. It takes two parameters, 'n' and
3100: Generates Fizzy numbers. Replace the normal output with fuzzy textual responses .e,g., '
3101: Function '(code)' replaces missing or default parameters with those provided in the overridden hash. For each key from
3102: A function that converts the provided integer into its string representation with cents as decimals. If it is greater than or
3103: Produces list of transformed coordinates from local parameters. This transformation uses the equations C(φ,θ), Sλ
3104: This function creates and returns an array string representation of the input list. The elements are enclosed in double quotes, separated by
3105: Function to calculate diagonal index.  Takes in two parameters - one of the indices and returns their difference as an integer value
3106: This function checks if the character at index zero of input string is % or . The two are equivalent in terms semantic but slightly
3107: Code snippet that calculates the fibonacci number using dynamic programming. It uses recursion to compute and store
3108: Count the number of instances in each label.  Return as percentage to give relative distribution among all labels."		.trim .
3109: Generates an empty document with the specified metadata.  Used when creating new documents in templates to avoid having any initial content present
3110: Extracts the id from an organization name.   [Example Input - "company/subunit"] Output = sub unit
3111: A memoisized version of the sqrt function that caches previously calculated results.  Useful in computations where you
3112: This function parses the given raw data as an integer list. The purpose of such operation is to convert strings into integers,
3113: Count the number of '<>' pairs in string. If inside an opening pair, increment count otherwise decrement if closing tag
3114: Generates the difference in time between two timestamps. Timestamp is defined as integer with microseconds since UNIX epoch
3115: Convert Facebook URLs from mbasic to basic form .  Use in case you want your website' faces and other resources hosted
3116: Determines if the given string ends with an underscores. True or False based on end of line is detected .
3117: Convert an ALDB status to another form. This is done by applying the conversion logic provided in aldbservicelib
3118: A function that calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Code uses recursion to find gcde(a
3119: Computes the sum of two lists element by elements. 0 is considered as zero in addition operation if necessary."   [
3120: Calculates the score of card game. If two pairs are drawn, it adds one to its value until total reaches or sur
3121: checks if given argument is std logic vector. A standard binary number in which the integer representation of any two n位的二进
3122: A function that calculates the force of gravity on an object with given 'mass' and at specific height from Earth surface by
3123: Returns the number of squares difference between two numbers. Useful to evaluate performance in multivariable optimization algorithms and other computational tasks
3124: Converts an unsigned integer into its bytes in little endian order. Returns the result as list of integers representing each by
3125: Create an instance of the class with given input parameters.  .parameters = {:.<var>}   - [..
3126: get risk characterizations of given numbers.   #TODO add docstrings to function and methods where necessary" .split("
3127: A recursive function to collapse the first N elements of an input string into one single word. The lengths are provided in another
3128: Create an implementation of normalization function.  Normalization is the process by which data values are transformed into standard format or scale,
3129: Checks if the given string is not an HTTP service and returns true or false depending on it being one of those strings.
3130: Computes the remainder of division by 'n'.  It is equivalent to Python's modulus operator. For example,
3131: List all the members of list.  A recursive version that removes duplicates by comparing each member to every other element in
3132: Check if two numbers are approximately equal within an allowed error. 1 word per line; does not include any space or punct
3133: A function that generates all possible date ranges from year to month. This is done by using recursion with the cons operation and
3134: A function that returns the input parameters in default order.  It assumes no special meaning and doesn't depend on specific defaults
3135: This function checks if the string length of an inputted parameter is less than or equal to .14 and, in such
3136: This function returns the value of vr(x, y). The two inputs are divided by R and then used to compute
3137: Converts each entry in the given 'dictionary' to an id if it exists. Otherwise, -1 is returned
3138: Checks whether the given file contains an error symbol. If so, it returns true and false otherwise based on that information ^
3139: This function generates all possible positions the knight can jump to from any given position with an allowance of one. It takes in
3140: This function extracts the most important keyword(ss). It can handle multi line inputs. Avoiding any of these might
3141: This function takes in the string and replaces all dots with underscores. Then it capitalizes each word of that
3142: Returns the class and detail parts of COAP/RFC7648 Response Codes. Example usage -> ((
3143: Calculates the mean of numbered list.  Use built in sum function to add up all values and then divides by
3144: Returns the x and y coordinates of an object at or above certain threshold, given its initial location. If it is not valid
3145: Code defines an abstraction that takes in list of numbers and returns new array with the absolute values.  It recursively iter
3146: Generates an abbreviated form of the given MAC address. For example, inputting '063BFD47
3147: Function to convert degrees from longitude coordinates between [-π, +π] range. Avoids negative numbers and positive overflow
3148: Takes in two arguments, the time scale factor and an integer value; it returns computed temperature at that frequency level according to
3149: This function takes two vectors and computes the dot product.  For example, if we call ((vector? '(1
3150: Provides attribute value according to an argument string.  If the first character of arg matches 's' then it returns second
3151: A function to interpret the PF parameter, which determines whether an interaction should be performed based on user feedback given at each step
3152: This function maps classification numbers to descriptive labels. The input is the category of catalytic cleavage in terms as
3153: A function to calculate the distance between two points in n dimensions. It takes 3 arguments - x and y coordinates of both
3154: This function takes an RGB or CMYK input and converts it into luminace intensity, with the value between   [
3155: Sorting the list of BARCODES.  This function will sort it in ascending order, if required to do
3156: Function to return the reciprocal of an input number "x". If not specified, it will default back upstream as
3157: Defines an infix function that checks if the given number is odd. It does so by determining whether or not there'
3158: Compute the length of TeETH encoded data. The input is assumed to be in bytes, with an additional one byte padding
3159: Generates sanitary names of fields in the input.  . ' ) ).' })))'. The list is then converted
3160: Check if the URL exists; returns #true on success and false otherwise."   . ) —> Code to check whether
3161: Recursively reverses the input string.  Usage example : `(checkReverse "hello")` returns
3162: Produces all pairs of elements in the list, excluding repeats.  Useful to solve permutations problem and combinations
3163: Defines the addition operation on quantum numbers of two states. Quantum state is represented by lists, with each list containing four
3164: Returns the name of topics given by clients. This function will join multiple directories in one string, and check if it matches an
3165: returns all the specification kinds in specified model.  A manual, an instance of another kind etc...  	in given list
3166: A recursive function to substitute templates in strings. The template is represented as one character string surrounded by {{ and }} . Single
3167: This function returns the sort key used by Entity Attribute module. It decides how to arrange entities and attributes based on
3168: Generates even numbers from the given list.   [Solution]    Code is used to filter out all odd elements in
3169: A function to check if upper case letter is present in the string. It uses recursion and checks each character of given input
3170: This function is used to flatten the input list. It will convert any nested lists into one single long, simple string of
3171: Returns the sum of values in square area specified by start and end points within given 3D array. Given dimensions are relative
3172: Function that generates the representation of one row in Pascal's triangle.  0 based indexed rows are represented as strings
3173: Code defines function that calculates the balance in PLNY given Euros or US Dollars.  The operation depends on
3174: Returns user id from the token.  [JWT]   - JWI Token to be used in authorization
3175: A function to convert feet into meters by multiplying the given value with .value of constant conversion factor from Feets and Met
3176: Determines if an HTML body contains limit of 10k characters. (or more.) If so, returns true
3177: Defines the Lasso Regression loss function. The difference between model's predictions and actual outputs are calculated, then sum
3178: A function to delete slashes from the beginning and end of strings, if they exist. If there are two consecutive delimit
3179: Function to convert the amount in specified units into bytes" . This function will allow you with just two parameters, your input and
3180: Computes the geometric mean of solar anomalies in Julien centuries since January, which are time elapsed from midnight to
3181: Get the last number in list of string split. Code splits sentence into separate tokens, and returns final token as numeric
3182: A recursive function that calculates the number of unique binary strings with exactly 'n' bits, where two consecutive digits
3183: validate input to check if it is valid head, ie., an nonnegative number –or“ all”.."
3184: Function to calculate the diameter of one dihedral angle in degrees. The formula used is D = 180 / PI
3185: Code divides two vectors componentwise and returns the result. It's an implementation of divide operation on lists, but it
3186: This function determines if one group dominates another, given two lists of coefficients and the difference between them. If all terms in
3187: Create adjoint version of given wavlets. For every one in input list, it returns an operation which gives the same
3188: Returns all paths from the start node to any other given leaf in tree structure. Path is represented as list of parent/child
3189: This program converts binary numbers to their equivalent representation in decimal format. The input is given as list of bits, where
3190: Normalizes expressions by replacing '!' with ~, &&'s in the middle of atoms and || into |'. This can
3191: A function to retrieve setting from configuration. If the key exists in dictionary, it returns its value; if not - uses
3192: This function checks if the file can be saved with given parameters.  The first two conditions check whether or not it's
3193: Returns the last word of input.  For empty strings returns #F else it will return as output . eg, :
3194: Calculates the number of signals between two characters if they are different types. Returns zero, one or both conditions depending on their
3195: Code snippet that takes two lists or vectors and subtracts them element by €. In case of invalid argument
3196: checks if the given search string is not root. If it's an absolute path, returns true; otherwise false as '
3197: Converts all upper case characters in the string to their corresponding, equivalent “off” character. This is used by
3198: Extracts elements of 'value' from the binary representation. Returns them as list in reverse order."  | 34
3199: A ciphered password. Uses Caesar's Cypher with shift length equal to the last character of an encrypted
3200: Returns if the given Profile is decaying or not. A 'Profile' could be either of types dma, radiant
3201: Given two lists of unique identifiers, returns whether all the UIDs are in at least one key list. If not
3202: Returns the list of supported operating systems that are available in AWsBATCH.  If not specified, returns all OS
3203: Checks if the signs of two numbers are same. It does so by comparing their results in each condition, either < or
3204: Code generates function that adds two lists of numbers.  The functions is used to add the vectors defined by list1 and l
3205: This function takes two arguments, an integer indicating the size of another Tensor and any value that it might take on within its
3206: Produce an ordered list of the elements in each dictionary entry.  For example, given {1=>34} it
3207: Removes specific or disallowed terms from the given input.  The list of all allowed/disallowes can be defined
3208: This program checks if two numbers are within 'epsilon' of each other. Epsilon is defined as the difference between these number
3209: Filter out the shortest word in tweets. This function will return null if there are no such small or common English language
3210: Normalizes the name of an input file. If it starts with 'LOG' and has more than two characters, only keep
3211: Fetch value from nested or complex dictionary. If field is present in the keys, it will return that otherwise defaults to passed
3212: Adds '.' after lines starting with space, only if the last character is not '.'; else it remains unchanged. Ap
3213: Determine if function arguments are used without any. – Code checks that there is at least one argument and not more than
3214: Code annotations function using annotation font and color. Add clickable, hovering notes around the text with arrow heads on
3215: Convert the first three characters of string to '?' symbol. If not enough, add more symbols until it becomes six or less
3216: Retrieve slot values from an incoming Intent request.  Extracts slots used in the current dialogue flow of AI based
3217: A function that takes in latitude and longitudes as strings, cleans them by replacing spaces with commas. It splits
3218: This function rounds up the input 'number' to be divisible by given number. For example, rounding 7 down
3219: Calculates the quotient of two numbers. 1st number is subtracted from second, and then divided by first to
3220: Generates underlined versions of the input string.  In LISP, we can do it with format function and special
3221: returns the first part of an api string. It will be used as identifier to access methods on specific apis . Examples
3222: Function add takes two numbers as input and returns their sum. 			Example use case(s): It can be used
3223: Creates an identifier from file system name and the index of multi dimension tree.  It combines both into one string to uniquely
3224: Return the values associated with each key in list of 'keys' from dictionary. If there is no such entry then it returns
3225: checks if the given 'SPECIFICATION' is empty. – [optional] . returns true in case of
3226: Function to sum up the elements in list if they are not divisible by three. If element is multiple of either five or
3227: Calculates the total value of all items in given dictionary. It is used to compute score and evaluate performance from game .
3228: Checks if an element is in the list of items. This version uses recursion and conditionals to check each possibility until
3229: Generates the gray codes of nth elements.   .    Example usage : `(for i in range [0,
3230: Creates an alias to work with SKTOS files in the given directory.   Includes prefix and suffix .uskn
3231: Generates the necessary ITSA tax brackets and total amount to be used in calculations. If any of these amounts are
3232: Removes duplicated items from the list. The order of remaining elements is not preserved in input and does respect each item'
3233: get line starts in string. Returns pair of indices where newline is found . "start" and end index after the first
3234: Generates the filename to use when storing protein file information in TSV format on disk or from an input string, based upon
3235: Calculates the gradient of Sigmoidal function with respect to its input. It returns another signal value .'s gradients
3236: Computes the fibonacci number at position 'n'. It's defined using recursion. The function computations
3237: Checks if the input object has any of '{"' + definition keyword  + '"}' . Returns true or false. It
3238: converts dates in string format to integers. input is expected as "yyyymmdd". Returns list [Year,
3239: checks if there is one argument provided in the command line. If so, return TRUE else FALSE .   -Joshua
3240: Checking valid movement in chess. Code defines all the possible steps we could take on our current player's piece from
3241: Generates an enumeration from the given list of strings.  Uses Kotlin convention that all files with .txt
3242: Returns the last id from given URL. Code is used to extract IDs of websites using web scraping techniques in python language
3243: Removes non alphanumeric characters from resource ids.  For instance, converts "/abc/def/" to
3244: A function that counts the number of unique rated items. It takes two arguments - an item and its related list/array or
3245: validates an input to be of the type message.  If not, raises exception indicating that it's invalid argument..
3246: Creates an identity matrix of size 'n' using the concept map. Each element is set to one if it equals its
3247: Function validate resilience policy by checking if the given input is one of our pre defined services.  If it's
3248: This function generates an url of the form projects/PROJECTID/_w(ZONE)/INSTANCE.  Used in conjunction
3249: checks if the first digit of each string in list is present or not. If it's there then return true else false
3250: This function takes an input value and returns it, but if the number is negative then multiplies by .67 instead of
3251: Defines the floor division operation. It is similar to integer/modulus operations but instead of returning an actual result, it
3252: This is an implementation of linear interpolation. It takes two arguments, the value to be predicted and their corresponding input values in
3253: Function checks road's total lenght and returns the appropriate category.   - END of SUMMARY CODE BLOCK
3254: Generates an ID of the specified type, i.e., 1 or -6037894 which
3255: _ get the line number of an occurrence in given text. if not found, return 'unknown'. .'". If find
3256: Checks if the user wants to see detailed info on an installed or enabled ad[...] 903 .47
3257: Computes the Stirlings numbers using recursion. The number of terms and value at which to start are passed in as
3258: A function that subtracts one vector from another. It is equivalent to the mathematical operation vec(a, b),
3259: "A function to apply transformation rules on dictionary and list objects". Note that the provided lambda expression is being used here as
3260: A function to add scale factor into two numbers. Scale Factor is applied twice on the given values." This new
3261: The Bellmen–Ford equation is used to compute the quality of an action, which measures how valuable it would be given
3262: Generates an identifier that represents the care denormalization parameters. The number of dimensions and depth are taken into account when creating
3263: This procedure returns the next number in an array with all bits set to ‘on’, wrapping around at edge of
3264: Determine if the input is power of two. If so, return true; otherwise false" . -end-. "
3265: Function to get the boundary box of circle with specified centre and Radius.   Output is list containing min x,y coordinates
3266: convert string to bool or false, also supports 'TRUE', ‘FALSE’ and numbers like in JavaScript. Returns error if
3267: This function adds two numbers together, with the third number determining how much to add by between them or not depending on its sign
3268: Returns the result of multiplying matrix by vector. This function takes two arguments - an array representing Matrix and another Vector to be
3269: Lists all possible sequences used in the helm test.  Includes some examples and variations of sequence types such as alignment
3270: Converts list of pairs with frequencies into Harmonic Frequencies. Takes in an input where each element is
3271: Checks if player 1's choice beates opponent’ schoice. It determines which hand won by comparing the choices
3272: Calculates the sum of halved elements in recursive manner. Code is using list functions take and drop to get two sub
3273: A function that computes the area of regular polygon.  ∫(π * dlngth^n / -
3274: Returns the name and number of working days as part information about an individual worker's data.  Code takes one string input
3275: Returns true if the first character of string is hex digit. Otherwise, returns false . Takes in one argument and return whether
3276: build string from list of token. e[g : ("hello" ""world""), returns 'helloworld' .
3277: A function to append spaces on the left side of string until its length reaches specified limit. If initial condition is not met,
3278: Escape special characters in text string. Returns the given input with all reserved HTML tags, ampersands and quotation marks
3279: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return True if it's no otherwise false;
3280: Checks if string is palidromic. Returns #true or else return false depending on the input.";
3281: Filter list of restaurants by their prices matching the given one.   [done] 7/16 test cases passed and
3282: Checks if the given input concludes with termination of Gaussian/GAUSSLINE execution. 1 - True, otherwise
3283: Check if two strings are permutations of each other. It takes into account only letters, digits and spaces as part the
3284: Creates an identifier based on the network type, number of layers and neuron sizes. It includes other parameters like Batch
3285: Create function that takes string of species name and returns the corresponding ensembl id. The default is hg40 if no
3286: Matches rows of two input lists. Rows are matched based on the first element in each pair and then removed from their
3287: Convert given number of seconds into human readable time format. e,g., if input is  9431 ,
3288: A function that adds two vectors. It takes as input an array of integers and returns another one with the sums, element by
3289: A recursive function that calculates the number of ways to choose K items from N total. In other word, it is
3290: Define function setBit that takes two arguments, an integer and its position. The value of the variable is modified by setting or
3291: Code takes string input and returns an integer if possible, otherwise the original unaltered str.  This function can convert ASC
3292: This function replaces all occurrences of the constant '<constant name> <integer index number in parentheses>  with
3293: Produces list of pairs from three lists, each pair is formed by taking one element at ‘a time’. if
3294: Create an if function to check the presence of certain keyword(s). This is used by other functions.  A filter that
3295: Convert an input Hexadecimal Color to RGB. (Given the name 'color' of its argument, convert
3296: Code defines whether the input is boolean or not.  It handles two types of strings - 'True' and	'False'.
3297: A function to convert strings into booleans. If the input is already of type bool, returns it as such; otherwise
3298: Creates the list of RGBA components from an 3 byte color. The number is stored in big endian format,
3299: This function converts numbers to letters. For instance, num = 1 ->  'a',  38 ='z
3300: End of execution array element. Returns true if the last object in an 'execution' list is not null, else false .
3301: Get JSON object's value by its name. If the named property doesn’t exist, it throws an error message with
3302: A function that gets the root directory of current work.  If in dict, it uses value from there otherwise returns default one
3303: Change port status to explicit/implied. If the given string is not recognized, it returns an error message with unknown keyword
3304: Returns the value of NTH BIT from right in given number. If not exist, returns an error message (-> string
3305: Returns true if the input list contains an element with tag 'covid – - ', otherwise, false. Used to find
3306: Compute the cross product of two Vectors, ignoring z components if they exist in input Vector pairs . If only
3307: A function that counts the number of digtis in an input integer. For example, getNumDigit(439
3308: Create level indicator of type.  For the purposes on programming constructs like procedures and types"."; done -> error
3309: Checks if argument is constant integer. If false then throws an error message otherwise returns #true .;  1st parameter
3310: This function compares two json objects. If the inputs are of different types or one is not pair, then it returns false
3311: A recursive function to determine if the input string is empty or null. This version works only with single lines of text and
3312: A function that repeats an operation `n` times on the input 'x'. For example, if you are given two
3313: Check if the sides of triangle can form. – using Hypotenuse Theorem only . --- >>> is
3314: A function that uses the provided list of filters to cross match and find indexes within one or more lists. In each case,
3315: Code finds the position of an element in binary search tree. . It compares each value to find if it matches with any
3316: A function that calculates the result of f(x). For all real numbers, returns "the value at which two negative
3317: Remove line end characters from the text in string format.  Useful when dealing with files that might have different systems of new
3318: This function takes voltage in volt as input and converts it to degree of the motor phasor rotation." Paste
3319: Code creates lighter versions of an RGB color by reducing the brightness and alpha value based on specified 'factor'. Factor determines how
3320: Code defines the function millerrWebersORTn which assigns an age group to persons according in turno that their I
3321: "Calculates the rest frame width of an element"  //FIXME use descriptive names and explain what each function does
3322: A function that returns true if the given filename should be ignored.  If an 'Ignore' list is provided, then it
3323: This function will clean up the given input of sentences. It does so by breaking down long texts into several shorter ones using period
3324: Determine if all elements in the first list are also present as members of another provided lists.  The result will be true
3325: Analyzes the input data to detect and report if there is any drifting.  It checks whether specific metrics have different values
3326: Converts lists to dictionaries.  The first element of each sub dictionary is the key and value are from an embedded
3327: A recursive function to compute power of numbers using the Little Fermats method. Used when you need an efficient way or just
3328: checks if the last 3 places of player's pieces are same or not. If yes then returns true otherwise false .
3329: A function that expands shorter rows in an input list to match the specified maximum length. It uses map, lambda and
3330: Converts coordinates of the vertices in each ring to exact number. This function convertsdoubleprecision numbers(the coordinate
3331: check if all elements of the list 'words' are present in string/list ‘’teste”. If yes
3332: "Format input messages to be lower or upper case"  [code]   . Code will convert all text in the provided
3333: This function generates an alphabetical order list of grant names in ascending and descended orders. The input is two parameters
3334: Returns the size in megabytes of an object or container with given 'volume' / storage. "Size" refers
3335: Removes all spaces and tabs from the given string. This is done by recursively removing any character that matches one of these
3336: A simple, yet flexible time converter. It allows you to convert between different units of measurement and it uses the same formatting
3337: A function to calculate the chunk's maximum allowed. The larger of its two values will be returned and scaled by "scale
3338: A function to compute the first order derivative of y at x = p.   .  It takes four parameters - The current
3339: Check if two intervals intersect.  Returns true or false, indicating whether the given ranges overlap .   Given parameters are range one
3340: A function that returns the result of multiplying an integer by one then subtracting. Used to make sure all elements in input
3341: A function to trim the last numerable suffix of any given string. Ex :(setq input "example3") -
3342: Given an input of graph and the vertex it seeks, returns its value. This function is used to get any element in multi
3343: Creates the string by converting each word in variable 'var' to title case, where all characters are lowercased and
3344: A function to check if the given section is in valid format. It should return True when it's exactly two sections long
3345: This function calculates the final velocity of an object with given conditions.  It takes three arguments - Initial Velocitiy
3346: Transform color value from RGB to grayscale. It simply calculates the average of red, green and blue components then
3347: Find all items in 'unit' that have '_price'. Code will return only the item names with an associated _coast
3348: Convert LandSat Look URL to SaaS endpoint path name by removing the landsat look domain and replacing with usgsl
3349: A function to analyze characters in the string. It uses regular expressions, and finds out whether each subcharacter is composed of one
3350: Takes in an inputted String and returns True if all characters of the given 'String' are numerics. False otherwise
3351: This function takes as input an expression in the form of string separated by hyphen, and returns each word with spaces inserted between
3352: Solves the given problem of increasing and decreasing sequence in three steps. The solution uses recursion to solve it using foldl
3353: Checks if the abbreviated version of 'text' matches with another form. If yes, then it returns true else false
3354: This function is used to extract the user id from JWT.  The jws algorithm has been implemented here." }
3355: A function to handle the date part of years. This handles cases when there are more than one or less digits in your
3356: Create function to convert string input into appropriate format of axes. The possible inputs are 'p' or prob', and also
3357: Checks if all the elements in `digit` list are unique.  Returns true only when every element is different from
3358: Code defines round function. If remainder of division by 'size' is ‘zero’, returns the original number else rounds
3359: Calculates the miles per gasoline consumed. ∞   .0187693 - MILES
3360: Creates an output which depends on the input 'Point' and filters out any points that are above or equal to certain value
3361: Converts binary to decimal integer conversion function "code". Code accepts one argument which is the input string of digits,
3362: Generates the fibonacci sequence up to number 'n' by using recursion.   .    F(0
3363: Retrieve indices of all items in the list or set specified by `'runnable'.  The result is an ordered
3364: A function that generates the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion to compute fibn . Parameter is an
3365: A function to return the url of youtube's specific video uploader from its id in form .; format,
3366: Code takes list of lists and returns transposed version. Transposition means switching rows with columns in 3D space or more
3367: This program calculates the remainder of all powers to one digit number. For example, if you enter self power calculation function with
3368: Checks if all elements in the given object are true.  Code checks every element one by another until it finds an false
3369: checks if one end of two intervals overlap. Returns boolean indicating whether they do or not ."`, '0' :
3370: checks if an object is of type example dag or not. 0/1, boolean value representing whether the name includes
3371: This function converts file paths to their last component. If the provided string is empty, it will return that same value as
3372: Generates the exit information of jobs.  This function takes in dictionary representation as input and returns two values - The 'Exit
3373: Compute the geometric mean of two fractions. The method computes ((a*b)/(sqrt((ab+ac
3374: This function accepts an input and returns it in its decimal form if possible, otherwise returning zero float . Parse the string to
3375: A function that gets the first valid entry in an dictionary based on its keys. If all entries are invalid, it returns "
3376: A function to join list of strings with comma separator.  Takes in an array, joins the elements into one string
3377: Generates compact representation of the given 'creation sequences'. Compact means it is only one level deep in list. This
3378: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two variables. The variable "sr" is treated as one single point when calculating multi col linear
3379: "A function to solve quadratic equations" (code): )} %endfor%   } %} }} .init
3380: A recursive function that merges two lists by comparing the last elements of sublists. If they match, it appends
3381: Code to get the text of paragraph in an HTML page.  Use BeautifulSoupe Python library and extract all content inside
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers and return true if they are both equal or one is greater than the other, false otherwise.
3383: This function takes two lists and returns one list which is the merge of both. The elements from second input are added to first
3384: Return true if the input is valid Social Security Number.   . ;; return false otherwise"`})}}}}}).'
3385: "Creates an entry point to fetch the user from CNAME."  }`, .}}.```</script
3386: Compute the observation in an arbitrary graph. A helper function that generates observations by looking at nodes within specified distance of another node
3387: Calculates the sizes of all elements in each dimension. Output is reverse because it starts from largest to smallest size and ends with
3388: Returns an escaped version of the string input. Escapes semicolon character using percent symbol; does not escape other characters and
3389: A function that recursively traverses directories and files from given directory to parent, collects input file names. It stops
3390: calculate the percentage difference between EU min and max values.  Calculates by dividing Delta value with Difference of both
3391: Transforms inputted data into list format.  If the inputs is string type and contains commas, it splits on
3392: A function that implements the sigmoide curve as wells in ML algorithm."; }   );END SIGMO
3393: F(n). A recursive function to calculate the nth fibbonaci. [...] "F" is short form
3394: Converts an ASCII string to its hexadecimal representation. The output is the input with characters escaped as HTML
3395: Returns #true if two strings are the same, otherwise returns false. If either string is empty it also checks that they aren
3396: This function returns the sine of an angle in radians, given as input to it and using arcsine rule when negative inputs
3397: A recursive function that checks the balance of parenthesis in strings. The input is treated as two types ("()" ->
3398: Generates the filename used to store an artifacts associated with given language and naming convention of .text/.gzip
3399: Parse the data structure, extracting information on genes and their corresponding ranges of transcription factors. The function takes in two
3400: A function that changes color proportions in RGB.   This is often used to create images with contrasting colors depending on the
3401: Create URLs of private methods in the given format.  Used to create internal links and other actions within our application, where
3402: Check if the file is .ORIGINALENDRITE  File in Viewer. If it exists, returns false
3403: Given two parameters, return the corresponding command to enable or disable os services on an upstream server.  Use hash values from
3404: Looks up the securitygroup by name and VPC id.  Use .env file to get environment variables when needed,
3405: get the current ramprating of an individual in scadastration. If it exists, returns that value; otherwise return
3406: This function returns the starting point of an increasing subsequence in given list. If no such sequence is found, it will return
3407: Calculates the natural logarithmic of derivative, which is used in gradient descent to update parameters based on log likelihood function value increase
3408: Creates the smallest rectangle that enclosing both input bounds. The result is returned as two coordinates [x y].
3409: This function is used to get receptives fields of an element. It takes four arguments, one being the size/scale factor
3410: Converts the given answer from Ansbile'sd output to plain text.  .eox -> OK,
3411: Given an array of links, it counts the total number edges.  In other word calculate and returns how many elements are in
3412: A function that filters the list based on another one.  If an item matches with its value, it is included in resulting
3413: A recursive implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find the greatest common divisor.  If they are equal,
3414: Returns the input city if it is not already in lower case and starts with 'Mt.' – otherwise, returns original
3415: Returns an eMonitor's name in the format 'EMonitor SHORTMAC'.  This is done by appending
3416: Convert String to List. Parse through strings and split by commas, creating list of its contents . If the input is
3417: Produce an array of luminance values. Given the input colors, produce another one dimensional list which contains all lumines
3418: A function to round down numbers.  Takes two arguments, the number and which 'to divide' by then returns rounded
3419: Function that returns default if the given object is null. Else it will return provided input's own result  . Example
3420: This procedure is used to print out the selected post from an array. The argument 'choice' specifies which item in our posts
3421: A function that determines the format of an array to write it into text file.  Useful in writing dataframes from P
3422: This function converts traditional constant symbols to Standard Forms. A Symbolic computation is done by multiplying each term with its
3423: Defines an alias based on inputted parameter. If the provided value is not one of pre defined ones, it defaults to
3424: This procedure italicsizes the input by prefixing it with an underscore. It raises exceptions when provided nonstrings, and
3425: This function will take as input the dictionary of Neonets and return their values in list form. It does not modify any
3426: This function merges two lists in the given order. It uses merge sort's divide and conquer approach to split input into
3427: A function that generates the sequence of zeros up to an arbitrary number. The input is also taken as its upper limit or
3428: A function that checks if the input string is acceptable length. It's either at least two characters long and not more than
3429: Checks if any item in list "items" is present within the string, using 'test' as search criteria.
3430: A function to flip the bit at position OFFS of VAL. The operation is performed by performing an AND not on it and
3431: This function checks whether an operator is comparison one.  It will return true if the input value matches any of those, otherwise
3432: Calculates the relative distance between two numbers. The value of zero is returned if both values are equal, and otherwise calcula
3433: get the application's main file extension (.exe, .dll etc.) and return it as output. 4th
3434: Implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using memoization. The recursive implementation with basic check conditions has been
3435: create list from input. If it is not already in the form, make as many lists out to depth 1 recursively
3436: This function determines if the input string is made up entirely of one' s and zeros. The alphas are considered
3437: Code generates color based on the position of mouse in rgb(hsv)->RGB hexadecimal conversion.
3438: Compute the dot product of two lists. If elements are strings, it uses lexicographical comparison to order them first and
3439: Defines the function getdivisor that takes an integer as input and returns all divisoir of it. It is implemented
3440: Code generates and displays the disembodied version of input strings. Disambiguates vowels from consonants by
3441: Given the coefficient of each term in polynomial with given 'degree'. The function computes and returns summation over all terms from
3442: Removes the word 'additional' from around every mention of keyword in Text.   .  e..g, before
3443: Checks if the list is empty or contains only spaces.  Returns #true in case of an epmty and non
3444: A function to return RGBA values from R, G and B channels of an image in decimal format or hexadecimal
3445: This function converts timeout values from seconds to millisecond format if necessary, otherwise it returns the input as is and throws an
3446: A function that returns the value of an eased out quartz oscillator. This is useful when needing to adjust or control properties
3447: This function validates whether the given dictionary has proper values. It checks if it is not empty and also verifies that all
3448: Generates an IP address that is masked with the specified number of leading zeros. This function, however does not actually
3449: A function that multiplies all elements in the input vector by scalar.  Code snippet corresponding to dot product of vectors
3450: Generates integer value based on given parameter levels. e..g, int(8/9 * .7 ) will return
3451: Checks if the input is palidromic by comparing characters at opposite ends of given strings. In case it's
3452: A function to convert number system from Binary Coded Decimal (-BCD): .::. <3 chars>
3453: Compute the concentration in gas at temperature T using equation x.   "  [4/18]'s CG
3454: Checks if the given string contains service information separated by slashes. If so, returns true; otherwise false or throws an
3455: Implements the function to remove any string that has no match in its argument from beginning. If it's matched, return
3456: Limits latitude and longitudes in bounding box to the range [-π, +∞), (-734
3457: A function to check if an argument is one of the 8 compass directions. If not, it returns false; otherwise true
3458: Converts string representation of binary to its decimal equivalent. Code is based on the assumption that input will be valid ASCII
3459: Creates and returns three values in order.  First, it reversing the third value 'c'. Secondly，it
3460: Implementing binary counter to count the number of ones in an integer's representation. A recursive solution without using built
3461: Converts comma separated string to list. Code by using regex split function on the input, then return each part of that
3462: This program generates FIBONACCI numbers up to N using recursion." ; Summary ends here ##} '(
3463: Generates the type of subsets to be generated. It maps given values into corresponding types “Max, Best” ,
3464: Sort the numbers in list by index as specified. It uses recursive helper function to sort them sequentially within nested lists and
3465: A function that calculates the difference between two sets of numbers' sums. The first set is obtained by taking every element in
3466: Checks if number 'n' is prime. It uses the sieve of Eratosthenes to check divisor
3467: A recursive function to generate the pyramid of stars using triangle shape. The parameter 'height' determines how many lines
3468: Create string from an inputted names, replacing spaces with underscores.  For instance "John Smith" would become '
3469: Given an ordered list of numbers, returns the largest number.  If empty input is given return '-1'. "   .
3470: This function augment features if the argument is provided. If not, it simply returns original inputs as they are currently without any modification
3471: Extracts the two parts of semantic versions and concatenates them together. It takes in any number representation as input, then
3472: "Create an integer with the same digits as input but shifted left by 'n' places."   Ex. :(
3473: Code defines the function calc DH return which calculates and returns minimum between two given time.  In one line, it does
3474: Produce an array of the first three nodes in each node record. Get list from services, filter out non recoding ones
3475: Calculates the camera target position based on maximum and minimum extenstions of object in scene or view volume, which is
3476: Code finds all the ways of connecting n different elements by taking k at each step, with some restrictions. It uses dynamic programming
3477: Shut down all GPUs after the given number of seconds when no work is being done. If called before any other functions
3478: A function to calculate the latent heat of vaporization, given an input temperature in degrees Celsius .   H(λ
3479: Count the distinct number of unique English palindrome permutations in given list.  It's important to note that all
3480: Checks if all the author names in an argument list are within another provided set of organization's name. If so,
3481: Return the RGB values of given colors. If no input, return error message otherwise valid hexadecimal string .  Returns
3482: Returns the original array but with extra padding of spaces at its end. The number and typesafe operation is performed on rows as
3483: Get the static dimension of two shapes, return smaller one. If both have same number or less dimensions than it returns first;
3484: Return the highest byte of given value.  .    Example usage:( Hi Byte  340 ) => 16
3485: A function that converts the name of an Event to its number equivalent. If it's not in follow up format,
3486: filter out the list of strings that are not present in an inputted wordlist.  For each entry, it checks if
3487: Code defines an indicator function. It takes two arguments, the input and its differing point to check if they are in different
3488: This function converts temperature in degrees CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.	; Syntax :(convert
3489: Calculates the incrementally refined mean. K is an integer which represents how many data points to take into account, while X
3490: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI series. Given an input, it returns one of two results -
3491: returns the value from json dictionary based on given Key  . If there is no such field in Dictionary then it will Return '#
3492: A filter function that returns the list of elements in which category is equal to input value. This can be used as an efficient
3493: Returns the factorial of input number. Use recursion to calculate it in step by stp process and keep multiplying each
3494: Check if the given string contains "aports", and whether it is followed by '--with dist upgrade'.  Return list
3495: Creates and returns shortened version of the input strings, if its length exceeds certain limit. Otherwise return original message as it
3496: A function that returns true if the given 'field' is less than or equal to ‘value’. "The result
3497: Returns the same object if it is not of type list or string, else transforms each element in lists to their plain equivalent
3498: Creates the navigational information about coverage's routes.  This is an initial implementation and will be extended by more
3499: Create tokens from the given input by splitting on comma.  Note that empty strings will be removed if present in list of split
3500: Convert numbers from strings to integer.  Converts all non numeric characters, except those inside brackets []. .
3501: Function to calculate reward. The task is simply subtracting the current state by one and then multiplying it with negative of actions
3502: Returns modified version of output. If the modification string is 's' or not specified, returns unchanged else it prepended
3503: This function generates the multivariates binomiials coefficients, i. e., of given length as well is defined by sum
3504: Calculates and returns two estimates of correlation coefficients. The parameters are numbers representing proportions or fractions to be used as estim
3505: A function to clip scalar values between two given numbers.  It clips the value if it's greater than maximum or
3506: Checks if the given numeral is palidromic. 10 digits long, returns true/false based
3507: Compare the two strings. Both in lower case and return true if they are same, else false/n"  . "
3508: Transforms the list of strings by removing lines that start with given string. It works as an interim transformation before inputting
3509: A recursive function to aggregate all elements of an input list. It is used in conjunction with string concatenation, which returns
3510: Compute the starting address of an element in matrix rows. Given its position within that row, returns what would be at left
3511: Creates the ends of an amino acid sequence. In positive direction, it creates one piece with negative distance and in reverse
3512: Converts the first character of each word to upper case and leaves other characters unchanged. This is done in place without any
3513: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit. It converts the temperature in degrees c into f . Temperature is
3514: A function to pad the sequences in sentence list with zeros upto length of 'max len' . It takes two arguments
3515: Convert GFF3 Attributes to Hash Table.  Syntax of the input string is such that each line contains one or more
3516: Given the file/directory name, it constructs an absolute directory if needed and returns its full form. The function is called
3517: Function to construct Biocoq experiment data URLs based on the provided parameters."  [END SUMMARY]   }[
3518: Checks if the first part of two paths are equal. If so, then it's possible that one is in fact
3519: Creates an XML filename without extension. Code removes the .XML from given file names in string format form." left"
3520: calculate the mean percentage of prediction errors in '(listof real?)' predictions. The output is an approximation to represent average
3521: Creates an immutable string from the given one by reading it in reverse. The result is returned as if no changes were
3522: Convert Mile to KM on given number of mile(s).'   ;;end define function ' m . s
3523: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using recursive function. It uses two variables 'a' and
3524: Generates the bit AND of two 1 byte numbers. The result is converted back to an ascii char with standard
3525: The function reverses the order of characters in each word within some text.  In English, it is called Word Rever
3526: Returns ' preproc, exec or post proc based on whether the input is one generated by *** Pre Proc  phase .
3527: Function to calculate the smooth transition between two points by using linear interpolation method.";	}`}}]}},{},0
3528: Implement the XOR operation on binary numbers.  Given two strings, converts them to integer form and applies their bit
3529: checks if the binary number has bit '10' set in it. If so, return "true", otherwise "-false
3530: Produce an output of all the upper case letters in input string.  [Exclude digits and special characters].
3531: Convert string to boolean in python. It takes lower case version of the input as argument and convert it into corresponding true/ false
3532: Check if the message type and content are as expected to trigger an event search in user interface. Returns true when command starts with
3533: Create and initialize empty "grid" of cells, each cell has an equal probability to belong in any state according the initial distribution
3534: Calculates the average salary of two salaries if they are provided, else returns false value" . summarize Code
3535: Recursively find the smallest number not equal zero in list. If all numbers are zeros, returns -1 .
3536: Function to count the number of bits in an integer. It uses bit shifting and logical AND operation" }}}' | cut
3537: Returns the age in years and months when another date is given.  The input 'unit' specifies either day, month or
3538: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. It takes one parameter ie, value of the
3539: A function that takes in an input of type "matrix" and returns the transpose/mirror image.  This is
3540: Returns true if two states are in the same state, false otherwise.  For example '(car car)' is different from
3541: A function to generate the necessary information about races. It takes in two parameters, time event list and id of current running Race
3542: Returns the number of markers that intersects with point(w,h). If no such marker is found then returns zero
3543: A function to get variations of the null value in different languages . Includes all forms and variants that could possibly be used as
3544: Returns the canonical position of scanners in one layer.".format(time,height).encode('utf8') )
3545: Add new HTML content to an existing page.  'old' is the current state of our webpage, and we are
3546: Calculates the maximum depth of binary tree. If empty, returns zero(s)."`})'	. */ }
3547: checks if the first element and last elements are equal. If all pairs checked, return true else false.. . This function
3548: Determine if the provided string is equal to 'Freez' in lower case.  In other word, checks whether it
3549: Function to return the next higher integer that is also an exact square. Given any given positive or zero real numbers, find out
3550: The function '(code)' takes three arguments - two positions in the plane and an arbitrary number. It calculates distances between
3551: This function converts the output dimension of depth space convolution layer to double. If dimensions aren't provided, it returns an
3552: Defines function type error message.  Useful in exception handling scenarios where you want to make sure that all callers of
3553: A function that computes the intersection of two intervals. If either or both given interiors are null, it returns true;
3554: A function to generate an element of the form [ ] that is used in html.  it's called when we want
3555: Code snippet that performs division operation. Returns 1 if the denominator is zero, else returns result of arithmetic
3556: Check if the coordinates of two balls are within range. Input is list containing [(x,y),...] and checks whether
3557: A function to identify the gb type of an object in yiq format. The inputs are tags indicating which color profile is
3558: A function to calculate the radius of an ellipse using major and minor axes. This is based on Kepler'
3559: A function that checks if the provided string is one of two precomputed strings.  It returns true when it finds either
3560: Computes the greatest common divisior of two numbers. If they are equal, returns one number; otherwise uses recursion
3561: Returns all mixture weights as indexed tilings. Note that each mix is identified by its number in the range of [
3562: Returns the given nonempty binary input as ASCII characters. If not all of them are printable, it will only output
3563: Compute the value of one iteration in GASsS model. Code computes iterated values with given parameters."
3564: This function generates the name of tile files by combining "tiles."  it also supports two dimensional coordinates. It returns string
3565: returns the inverse of class to index dictionary. This is done by looping over dict and creating another one where key becomes value
3566: Returns the Air Quality Index level. If outside of certain conditions, it classifies as extreme high levels.""".format
3567: Return the ratios of corresponding elements in two lists. If lengths are unequal, return error message and nil on failure to find
3568: Checks if the marks given are equal.  If so, returns #T else it will return FALSE or false depending on
3569: Code implements binary search algorithm. It takes in two parameters, the list to be searched and what we're searching within that
3570: rescales the input number between two ranges. The ratio of its difference in range to 1 equals how much it needs
3571: Code the procedure to convert between raindrops and decimal notation of an octave in music theory . '(defun ray
3572: This function shifts the bits of an integer to right. The number is shifted 'n' times where each shift represents 3
3573: Get the rank of an object based on its singular values. Rank is calculated from left to right and each value's contribution
3574: A function that truncates the number to an integer value. It rounds off numbers with more than one decimal place up or down
3575: A function to compute the FIBONACCI number. The fibo of N is defined by recursively applying an operation
3576: Convert Oxford comma text to list. This function is used by the NLP toolkit, as it splits on commas
3577: Given two lists and an operation, return another function that applies the given operator to each element of both input arrays.  The
3578: Returns the parameter value scaled by two given multiplier. The resulting floating point number is closer to zero but can be larger than
3579: A function that checks if the student's chosen class is available.  -> Checks whether or not to allow entering
3580: Calculates variance of list using formula. Input is the number and probability, output will be Variances." . "Outputs
3581: Counts the number of Flexible Linkages found in given set. This function will return total count where each ID is
3582: Compute and return the number of seconds truncated from given time. Takes into account that one minute is considered as about
3583: Prints out all the elements of list one by oneline in order. If there are no more requests, it prints that
3584: Generates UCSC time format from the provided list of three numbers.  It concatenated by joining all elements with '-
3585: Sum of Squarings Iterative Code. Compute the summation by iterating from 'n' down to zero in
3586: Given an EC Reservation ID, return the first part of it. Note that '...' is appended to truncation
3587: This function takes in two points and calculates the straight line distance between them. It works by calculating absolute difference of coordinates,
3588: Retrieves the specified SENML record from an object list. Useful to filter and extract specific data in JSON objects
3589: This function takes in list of column names and cleans the strings that begin with '[' or end without closing bracket. It
3590: Converts the given object to an article number string if it's not already one. If so, returns its value
3591: Computes the attenuation factor of an air layer at given angle and distance from source." (end )" .
3592: Cyclically rotates the integer 'value' in range from [min,max] inclusive. It takes modulus of
3593: Computes heat transfer coefficient in the rectangular shape of one dimension using energy equation, derived from specific and latent thermal power p .
3594: A function to generate unique label names in the input list. It reverses and then applies an anonymous recursive helper subrout
3595: Code to manage sessions on device. Useful when user is interacting with the application from different devices that don't need separate
3596: Generates the absolute difference between two colors. If either of them is negative, returns its positive equivalent otherwise return their actual differences
3597: Checks if the provided value is within valid RGB range. Valid ranges are from [R, G ,B].   A
3598: Checks if list is the same forward and backward.  If so, returns true; else false." I'm
3599: Creates dictionary and searches it.  If the value exists in dict then returns that otherwise return false if not found."
3600: This function implements the sigmod activation functions which is used to map inputs between different ranges e..g, logistic regression and
3601: Apply Fib function to each number in the list, checking if it's divisible by either   three or five.
3602: Copy files from the older tar ball to newer one.  This upgrade might not have all of those options as it was designed
3603: Merges two index sections. It will remove duplicates from the second section that are not in first one and append them
3604: Calculating the ginis index of an array, given arrays in different classes. If no data is present then return 'inf
3605: Given two strings, replaces all instances of one string in the first with another. If necessary uses escape sequences \\ or /
3606: A function to get default values based on the types in memory and transmission."}}]]]],[["1",{"[[
3607: Creates links from two lists of keys to URLs. ')) ])   ]]).'. This function takes in
3608: Get the list of COVID -> ‎ Keyword matching with covids, symptoms and signs.   .'`'.
3609: A function to check if value is not within specified range.  Returns true or false accordingly as per the condition in parameter .
3610: Creates list of URLs with specified text appended to the end.  Takes as input two arguments - an array
3611: A utility to build extension points in the form of .NET. Given an optional prefix and additional parameter strings, builds them into
3612: Wrap JavaScript in <SCRIPT TYPE TEXT JAVASCRIPT>  tags.  Inline scripts may not run if
3613: Checks if the given input is one of GitLab's required commands.  It can also handle inputs that are either
3614: Crea una función que devuelve un saludo personalizado. 	Solicita al usuario proporcione el suNombre
3615: Function to check if string starts with another. If so return the subtring from index 0 of that part in original input
3616: This function checks whether or not an integer is even. It returns true if the number given as input to it in odd,
3617: Gets the letter corresponding to given index in alphabetical order. For instance, get 'A' from input of `0
3618: A function to convert RAZ coords in the file into LPS.  Conversion formula based on spherical coordinates system .
3619: Convert list of integers into human readable representation. It will work on any level depth and format as required by the user,
3620: This function takes an IP address and extracts the domain name from it. For example, calling shortHostName('19
3621: Computes the zk+l term of an expression. If L < K then returns two, otherwise return zero; Otherwise
3622: Generates pairs of strings from the input string. Each pair consists in two consecutive non newline characters separated by spaces or carriage
3623: Produce an output where each line of text is the max length among all elements in list. If no element exists, return
3624: Checks if the string is palidromic. 0<= |s| <= 1, and checks only at
3625: This function takes an odd list as input and returns the differences between consecutive elements in that order. If there's only one
3626: Handles setup.py entry points configuration in an efficient way without relying on any external libraries or environment variables to get information about
3627: A function to check if chocolate maker can make given number of chocolates. Conditions are as follows -> the amount
3628: Code generates the FIBONACCI series up to an integer number.   "n" is where you specify what term
3629: Given two dictionaries, update existing keys with the values from second dictionary.  Return updated first one as output . If key
3630: Returns an oAuth header string in format Authorize Bearertoken.  Used by libraries to set the authentication bearo
3631: Checks if the given key is available in JSON object. 	Action : Returns true or false depending on whether that particular
3632: This function calculates the inverse of an asymmetrical matrix with coefficients in terms one another. It's notably used
3633: Returns the product of two numbers.  This function takes three parameters - 'm' and	'g', which are integers,
3634: "A function that fixes the length of an input tuple to match or exceed given number 'n'."  [your name
3635: This function converts string names to HTML title. It takes in one parameter, the original text of any length and transforms
3636: Returns the filename of an interpolated file given its parameters, with Z being their corresponding value in decimal form and t as Age
3637: Returns true if the string starts with '(, indicating that there is progress happening. If so returns #T otherwise it will
3638: Generates the name suffix to use when generating winlink object file.  If an embedded manifest is requested, it appends
3639: Function to convert alphanumeric characters in the input 'string' into nothing. This is useful when you want your text
3640: A function that calculates the sum of cube all digits in an input number. In each operation, it cubes
3641: Checks if string is palidromic by comparing the reversed and original strings. If they are equal, it'
3642: This program is used to calculate the estimated value of an investment or fixed income. It uses dynamic programming approach."   ;;
3643: This function takes in two lists and interleaves their elements. If one of the input is empty, it returns whatever remains
3644: A function to calculate the index of mid point in an array. If size is odd, round down else floor it out .
3645: Calculates the waiting times in an emergency department system. Input is individual data records of hospitals, where each record contains patient ID
3646: Code defines the function '(divisible by two)' to determine if number is divisble evenly. . EG
3647: Converts zeros to powers of ten, handles nested lists and pairs in an input vector or list." .
3648: Convert the input 'frequency' to its description.  It converts hour, day and week frequencies into descriptive strings ("
3649: Crys on the given word list with an emoji :joy:. 		 .eoc	.ecode  1
3650: Given an input string, if the first character is '-', reverse it and append to result. If not - just return original
3651: Determines if three points are counterclockwise.  It takes as arguments two vectors and checks to see whether the third point
3652: A recursive function to sort elements of lists. The list is sorted in ascending order and duplicates are removed from the
3653: Create an index of the dictionary named 'dict' with field name as argument.  The value is always X if no other
3654: checks if the argument is float number.  If yes, returns true otherwise false/n"`})];' }
3655: Create share ratio between two people's shares in the stock market. The result will give us an idea of how much each
3656: returns the target position with adjusted x and y coordinates based on its orientation in degrees; eases movement according to 'base direction
3657: This function generates the next unique id given some prefix. The main idea is to keep track of all created objects and use that
3658: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. It defines and computes fib(n). The function uses
3659: Defines the harmonic mean of numbers in list. If empty, returns zero; otherwise return one divided by length and summed
3660: Convert negative index to positive one. Given an array of size `ndim`, return another list where all the negatives
3661: Returns foreign keys of database table.  For each row in the input, it checks if its first column is not null and
3662: Calculates the average of two numbers using addition and division method . The result is returned as an approximation in floating point form,
3663: Define set target with magnitude, position and orientation.  Return hash of targets found in system or error if not available yet..
3664: Generates an interpolated value between two given numbers.  Useful in games and animations where you need to scale values
3665: Create function to convert seconds into samples. This will be used in the generation of waveforms and sounds using audio software packages like
3666: Convert DATE to format YYYYMMDDTHHmmssZZ. Takes one argument, the input string in
3667: parse agents from an input string and return them in list format. Input should be comma separated strings where each agent is represented as
3668: Function to get the IAM role name based on an AWS Account ID.  Returns lambda execution policy ARN of specified
3669: This function calculates the area of triangle given two arguments, one being its 'base' and other is what it calls as
3670: Returns the cubed value of an input integer or float. 		    Code Example :(defun square (* x
3671: Check if the current working directory is using git.  This checks to see whether or not there're any .gits
3672: Returns the distance between two points given by coordinates. Uses Euclidean Distance formula to calculate it."    .   -
3673: This function calculates the total fuel used in moving from one position to another. The "pos" parameter represents where you'
3674: Vector addition of two one dimensional vector representations. If the input are not equal in dimension, it throws an error message stating that
3675: Transform input strings into Atbash cipher. Code replaces each character in the given text with its equivalent ASCII value
3676: Code to check if the user has specified versions of software.  If yes, it returns that as well concatenated with names
3677: convert meters per second to kilometers hour on .NET/.Net Core/Roslyn Compiler platform as the ms
3678: Get subTitle from an Entry.  Return the number of subtitles associated with it."'s"subtitled
3679: Checks if the input is prime. Takes an integer as argument and returns boolean whether it's divisible by any
3680: Converts the file system name on given mount point to its corresponding directory. This function will only handle disks that are mounted
3681: Generates an oriented counting lines.   Code and name provided by the programmer . Inputs : Orientations, width
3682: Returns the original list if input is not dict or first element of keys in dictionary. If key exists and value can be flat
3683: Function to get frame number based on index in the color/image space.  If we are dealing with infrared, then
3684: returns the radius value of an object with certain attributes. 	if no such element is present in list, it will return false
3685: Checks if data structure has any nested keys.  If it does, returns true else false; also handles case where input
3686: Finds worst active days in the given time line. If there is no activity at any of those date, it returns zero
3687: Computes the dot product of two vectors. It multiplies corresponding elements from both input lists and then adds up these products to
3688: Checks if the input is of size one, two or four in binary. It does so by checking remainder when divided with
3689: Returns the value of an inputted character or number. If no such conversion is possible, it returns false; if yes return
3690: Returns the equivalent of inputted 'Y' in years. For specific range, return given value if within that interval or previous
3691: A simple encryption method, which shifts the characters in an input by shifting them down or up. For example 'a' becomes
3692: Computes the time each patient takes to travel from hospital bed into emergency room and back. Also calculates how long are still
3693: out - coordinates with respect to one dimension. If the coordinate of first argument is greater than second, it'll increase in
3694: A function that gets the sum of two numbers, while taking care to avoid overflow. This is achieved by using bit shifting and
3695: Convert Miles to Feets.   [Function definition]     .eof(converts mileage into feet).
3696: check if the input is valid, and returns whether it has less or equal to zero elements. It raises an error otherwise with
3697: Creates an exponential function to scale data by the given Laplacian parameter "level" .  	Data is scaled
3698: "Find headers in list of text strings."										"(defn find[hlines]" -> NL   ""
3699: Find the number of successful and unsuccesfully completed trials in an experiment. The 'event' input to function is
3700: A function that calculates the length of given string.   "TEXT" is passed as input and it returns its total
3701: Checks if two lists of SQL statements are equal. If they're not the same length, or any part does mism
3702: Function that returns unique elements in the sequence. It uses recursion and helper function to check if element exists already or not within
3703: Create string with indentation. In general, we split the input text into separate strings on each line and then join them
3704: Return the operating systems known to or used by your device. It is important as it helps in identifying what kind of devices are
3705: A function to check if the inputted number is leap. If it's divisible by four, then must be even
3706: Returns the id of an object.  - getter method to return 'ID' field in Host class"    . }
3707: This function returns the action result in string format based on input.  It uses conditionals to return one of several possible results
3708: This function tests if the JSON object has an entry called 'testing'. If it does, returns true. Otherwise false is returned
3709: Checks if list of objects is remote, defined by its @types field. It should be used to check the type or
3710: Generates an object that represents Slacker section. 				.' .'' ''')'.format(name=self.__
3711: This function decides if it is possible to cut in one direction or not. If we are moving towards the center of
3712: Transforms input string list by converting { } blocks into separate prefixes. For example, {"hello" ,} will become
3713: This function splits the data set into two parts according to which values are less than or greater in one dimension of space.
3714: Returns the index of Point with coordinates(x,y). This is used in calculating distances and orientation. The function gets two
3715: This function is used to generate an error message if the input string doesn't meet certain criteria, such as not being al
3716: This function takes two lists and returns the ratios of their corresponding elements. The ratio is calculated by dividing one element in first
3717: Convert an input value to number format. It will return the same as original if not in numeral, otherwise it returns converted
3718: Function that takes as input the URL of an image, returns its name. In essence it gets last part after splitting by '/
3719: Round values in the list according to specified criteria. If multiplier is provided, it scales up all filtered outputs; if div
3720: Compute the ANSI escape sequence corresponding to converting from RGB color space into ansi j. Conversion is made by
3721: Checks whether all elements of the list are in given set. If not, it returns false; otherwise - true if there
3722: Merge two dictionaries recursively. The first argument is the top dictionary, and each successive pair of arguments forms its
3723: Get file type of the given filename based on extension .jpg, jpeg etc., and other extensions defined in cond clause."
3724: returns the input string if its length is less than or equal to two. If not, it trims and adds ellips
3725: Return the ISO format of datetime object.  Use hash to convert date/time objects into hashes and then use . The
3726: The given problem is to generate all possible combinations of n nodes and m steps using depth first search. Nodes are numbered
3727: Generates the shapes of each element in list, based on their values.   Code checks if there is no value - returns
3728: Checks if the guessed number is in relation to "life point" . If it does, returns that value; else
3729: This function takes two lists and returns the concatenation of both. It works by iterating through each element in first argument until
3730: Preprocessing and filtering of Chinese text. This will separate the input string into segments, then remove any empty ones to clean up
3731: Returns the relevant part of interest from input data. Input is in format (* 𝑋 x ­‌
3732: A function to categorize musical instruments based on their age. If the argument is an integer between [O,7], it
3733: This function takes in an input of type integer or float and assigns it to the variable '_FONTSIZE'. If any non
3734: Generates an approximation of the radius ratio between successive elements in list LIST, with number NN iterations.";(
3735: Return True if the number is power of two, False otherwise. The check also considers zero and one as valid powers to any
3736: Remove whitespace from the given input. If it's not valid, returns an empty string." (Trims
3737: A recursive function that splits the input string into expressions. It starts with an opening bracket and increments its index
3738: A function that determines the bucket suffix based on an input filepath. If it'is part of Firefox try build files,
3739: Create an unique socket file path.	  		 			       .::= _SocketPath = format("/home/.local
3740: Code implements the uniform cumulative distribution function. It takes an input, checks if it is less than zero or greater then equals
3741: Generates the slope interception form.  It takes in three parameters - coefficient of linear regression and value at which y is
3742: Return the integer representation of an input color in RBG. Used to generate different colors and patterns etc using libraries like P
3743: A function that calculates the height of each node in an AVL tree. 		   The heights are calculated recursively
3744: Returns the mean, variance and count of an array. The input is required to be numerical elements in case if nonnumeric
3745: Convert single grid index to 3D linear address. The input is the number of an element in one dimension and two dimensions
3746: Code that calculates the distance between three points. 3D version of Euclidean Distance formula used in physics, using
3747: Create bounding box coordinates from points. Input is list of lists containing two element tuples representing the X,Y coordinate
3748: Check diviability of the number. The function checks if 'args' can be divided evenly by an integer in list
3749: Convert the input number to binary format in one line using logarithmic function."   #; :tentative )] [
3750: Creates an image UUID by combining the Vendor, Name and Version of VM. This is useful when comparing images in different
3751: A program that finds the multiples of three and five up to given number.   The remainder operation checks if any multiple is
3752: This program uses bitwise operations to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. It starts by defining helper function `(
3753: This function is used to get the git url of an npm package from its name and version; it handles versions that are
3754: Code defines factorial function. It's called with an integer and returns the fact of that number by recursion."
3755: Find false positives and negatives in the given list of labels. Count how many times it found true label equals to wrong
3756: This function calculates the magnifiication of two rectangles. The size is determined by summing up their radii
3757: Code that replaces all spaces in the input string with HTML nbsp.  In case of an empty or null value
3758: Code to calculate the dot product of two lists. The function iteratively adds together corresponding elements at successive indices from both input
3759: A function that calculates the expression Bea's function using three different types of terms, as described in beales method
3760: Creates an interface to get the corresponding azimation of cardinal direction based on Wind Direction in degrees using .NET'ish
3761: Function that takes two arguments, converts the first one to be in base zero and subtracts it from all numbers.
3762: A function to generate an m by o zero filled matrices. Val can be anything, not just numbers like in number arrays .
3763: Calculates the acids present in solution, calculcated from moles of respective compound and also calculate its specific weight.
3764: A procedure that creates an n*n grid of dimensions dx dy with the given dimension value. If there is only one row
3765: Returns all positions of '.' in the grid. It takes two parameters - size which is dimension and returns them as list that
3766: Convert layer name to weights or bias in the neural network model. The input is usually converted into lowercase, and any character
3767: Get the dict info of 'data'. If no dictionary, return false.   - Code will be used to get information about
3768: Returns stock price chart data in format used by finnhub API .  Gets the current and historical prices of stocks from
3769: convert the hyperparameter list to z frequency representation. map over each element in input lists and create new tuple where all elements are
3770: Creates and returns the sign of input number. If it is zero, then return as 'zero'. Otherwise if positive or
3771: Calculates the ratio of modal amplitude at point with coordinates x,y in polar coordinate system.  "w" and	"
3772: Merge two lists in ascending order. Use recursion to merge the first elements of both list if they are not empty
3773: This function returns the number of seconds in given amount/value. If input is not an integer or outrange, it'
3774: Creates evidence file from the given values.  The string is saved to .net files as an instance of it on Network
3775: calculate the wavelength of light passing through an array.  In one unit length units, it is defined as "screen distance divided
3776: A function to get the schema location in string format from namespaceset and return it as per specified formattype, where
3777: Create or update the header of ads in search engine and google apps .  Dynamic content generation based on configuration bot' dynamic
3778: Returns the Solaris instance's IP, Port and Path as formatted string.  Used in conjunction with pymongo to
3779: Check if argument is unicode string. 1/3 of the total workloads done in converting .txt files to
3780: Get the raw business data of competitors in CSV format by username on YELP API and store it locally using 'filename
3781: Determines if the given file name is part of production.  Includes checking to see whether it contains 'Demos'
3782: Code to convert seat numbers from binary format. Takes in the boarding pass string, converts it into an integer and
3783: Function to calculate the sum of two numbers.   .  Example :(apply + '(-10 -498
3784: Verifies if the parameters of an experiment are already defined in our data.  It will be used to check that all required
3785: Truncates the given floating point value to its integral part.   [...]    This is used when you have an
3786: Converts the given integer to its equivalent in uint format. If number of bits is less than or equal two zeroes
3787: A function that calculates the similarity between two given strings by applying some basic algorithm. It takes as input pair of individual characters
3788: Function to convert binary number string into decimal. Use of built in function '(binary_to).'	     .end
3789: This function calculates the virtual temperature from given mixed air concentration and ambient relative humidity values in kelvin using equation derived
3790: Given the name of an existing directory, it generates unique names with each new subdirectory created within that parent folder. The extension
3791: Generates list of file sets used in build.scm script, one per line   .  It is intended to support
3792: Creates an array of values that correspond to the Celsius temperatures equivalent in Kelvin using ratio and period as inputs
3793: Check if point 'a' is on the left side of line segment from points ('b, . ,. ) and by
3794: Computes the coefficient of linear function from two points.	 .'s/point to be computed/. The first and second
3795: This function constructs an array of all possible combinations, then returns the maximum length in that pyrimad. The number n
3796: Retrieve the Y coordinate of an element. If outofboard, return -; otherwise get and retunr it as
3797: Removes all digts from string.  EG; input "Hello1world" - output = Hllwrld
3798: A function that clamps the value of 'n' between given range.   Examples :    ((0,3),1
3799: Recursively filters list based on given index and value.  Code takes in three parameters, the current line of text data
3800: "A function to calculate the monthly payment of an unsecured mortgage"."    Code should not take in parameters, but
3801: Check if two lists are equal in terms of series. If one is empty, it's considered as equals to the other
3802: A function to generate Persians date. 	Syntax : persinanDate(year,month ,day). Return the
3803: Convert message to string representation.  Use the first two and last three elements of each element in given list as partials,
3804: Return the first letter of string in capitalized form. Else return null or empty if no letters are available after conversion to
3805: A function that takes two arguments - the d op p l e r . c o m / speed of light , and an
3806: Returns the first element of hash named by 'obj' that is an exact nonnegative number. If there are no such elements
3807: Function to convert degree minutes seconds format into hour minute second. A decimal number is input which represents the angle in degrees, and
3808: Adapts the learning rate as per number of training steps performed. The method applies different decay factors based on whether or not
3809: This function takes one argument, cubicizes it. It returns the result of multiplying given number by itself twice – that
3810: Code to generate required number of binary representation. If the provided bit count is more than needed, then it will return leading z
3811: Check if file exists in the MNISt data set or not . Return #true/#false as appropriate condition to check
3812: This function checks whether or not the given value is within specified range.  It returns true if it's valid, otherwise
3813: Function to retrieve bit at position in binary representation of given number. Use recursion method .   "(n % m).
3814: Checks if any of the given keyword exists in provided string. It returns true or false accordingly as result"    .
3815: Checks if the given sequence of instructions matches with any in defined list. Returns #true or/and "." and otherwise
3816: Create callback data in which first part is the type of action and second one - its associated with an event.  e..
3817: Creates readability of strings. Output is limited to the first 'n' characters if it exceeds length limit, and repl
3818: A function that checks if the given input is valid. If it'a negative integer or zero, then its length will be
3819: Return the fully qualified name of an application in GCS.  For example, projects/myProjectName1673
3820: Convert string to boolean. Returns true if the input is one of ("True",	"T" , “TRUE”,
3821: Check if string is all ASCII characters. Checks that each character of the input matches one between A, B and C
3822: This function accepts an argument 'author' which is assumed to be in the format firstname lastName, and returns its initial
3823: Create the specified copy of an existing Vocabulary or Categories Datasets.  The new data set contains copies from
3824: This function takes an input, and if it is not null returns that as output. Otherwise returning #false; .""
3825: Code defines an affin transformation with the coordinates given in terms of dx,dy. This can be used to perform image transformations
3826: This function is designed to return the number of seconds by which we should increase or decrease data size per bit error in one step
3827: This function trims leading and trailing whitespaces in the input strings, converts them to numbers using `(Substrings
3828: GetVariabes Interface configuration details from network device interfaces .   ## Define and get the configurations of different types in an
3829: A function that calculates the superficial cubic of an object.  ∗ input x -> result y, where `
3830: Returns the infintive form of verb given its base/dictionary map. If no such mapping exists, returns 'undefined
3831: Given the amount of thermal energy transferred as input, compute and return surface temperature in Kelvin using conversion factor from Cels
3832: If the current coordinate is not in wire, move along either one of two possible paths until we reach our end point. El
3833: Determines the points that lie within or on either side of rectangle. "array" is an arrangement, and it's
3834: A function to check whether the input is in reverse order.   Returns True if reversed, False otherwise  . Excluding
3835: Returns the account id of job associated with given pipeline, if exists; otherwise returns #F"  . operator overload
3836: A function that creates an output file with the given section name, type and attributes based on Guile' implementation of GUID
3837: Convert an input number from range [A,B] to the corresponding output in color space where A and B are both numbers
3838: Compute the cosine similarity between two sets of responses or statements and returns their score in percentage format if any; Otherwise,
3839: Check if the http response should be retried based on its 'status' in Python. A good strategy is to not re
3840: Returns the function applied to input `x`. If 'function' is provided, returns it directly; otherwise computes from
3841: Returns the maximum value of two numbers.  If they are equal, returns one number itself as maxima values can't
3842: This function takes in the URL of an image, parses out information about its location and uses it to generate unique ID.
3843: This function takes in four values, calculates the accuracy on validation data and returns it as per Kaggles' evaluation standard
3844: Returns the Kr�nker product of two integers. If input is not valid, returns zero."  			}]}
3845: Creates an URL friendly version of the string.  The function is used to replace slashes with underscores in titles
3846: Return minimum element in list. If the input is empty, it returns an arbitrary large number such that any possible smallest value will
3847: Convert given number of milisencond into hour, minute and second. Example - convertMilliSecond(7894
3848: Create an HTML object trailer  with specific styling and formatting. 's' parameter should contain the content to be wrapped
3849: Returns the sums of all digs in 'n' recursively. For instance, if called with argument "348
3850: Returns the given string with all spaces replaced by underscores and everything is converted to lower case.  Also trims any
3851: Deletes the given host from known hosts file of ssh client and update it with all possible nodes available in cluster."
3852: A simple function that divides two numbers.   Code is given as one line if possible and explains the functionality of '(
3853: Filters the input string by replacing all whitespaces with underscores. The result is in lower case only if not already
3854: Merges two binary trees. If one of the input is null, returns nonnull value from other; if not both
3855: A function to convert MIDI notes into frequencies. It's based on the formulae provided in Ken Shoichet
3856: Converts all img tags to amp equivalent in the given HTML. This can be used on an online platform that supports A
3857: This function checks if the current epoch is at or past an optional given interval. The modulus operator performs calculations and takes remainder
3858: convert binary to string representation. 1s and O'es in the given list of bit inputted by user will be
3859: Returns the inverse linear interpolation between two values. The result will be in range [0, inf).	a and "
3860: Translates HEX color to RGB. Argument should be string with # symbol followed by six characters representing RRG
3861: A recursive function that calculates the factorial of an input number. The complexity is O(log n). Note,
3862: Two functions that operate on the values of an interval. They allow increment and decrement operations to be done within each value at
3863: Code takes two lists, and calculates the Hammin Distance between them. It finds items in one list not present int
3864: This function builds the query parameters needed to get an api response from pfSense. The condition checks if length of provided
3865: Transforms the specified triplets into string that represent fires simulator configuration. It's used by other modules of fireSim
3866: A function to wrap the given value in an optional list. If it is already Listed, do nothing; if not then
3867: Returns true if the provided directives specify an SSL connection should be initiated. For example, ssl on would return #
3868: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm.   Code written in Scheme language
3869: A function to convert time in second(s). The result is formatted as MINUTE, followed by SECOND. e
3870: Generates dictionary of target numbers based on the length and position in input number. (Note that string manipulation can be
3871: Produces replacements of all vowals in the input string with provided character. If first letter is capitalized, it
3872: Generates list of URLs from given threads.  Keyword filter applied to each thread in order found within the provided set
3873: Returns the type of binodal color given as input in degree. If no match is found, returns None . Type :
3874: Generates rating based on given number between [0,9] inclusively. In the input ranges of scores we have
3875: Code takes three arguments, finds the n's term of an arithmetic sequence. It is used to find any particular index
3876: This function will return the least amount of padding needed to be added at both ends if numbers are divisible by four. It
3877: Code defines an auxiliary function to complement positive integers in the range from one upwards, starting with zero and ending at given number
3878: Generates the reverse complements of an input DNA sequence. A single line description . ∫, and , s o
3879: Converts Celsius temperature to Farenheight" . ---end---\n' --> √(
3880: A function that converts an integer to binary. It works by recursively calling itself on the floor of divided input and mod
3881: Defines functions to join phrases with underscore, and split strings into individual parts. This function is used in creating names of
3882: A function to convert the given exponentiation value from one logarithmic scale downward. For instance, if you pass in "
3883: A function to block renormalize the given list of signals in order, applying an average operation on every two consecutive elements and
3884: Translates MIDI to ANSI Notes. Given an input in the range [0,MidiCount],
3885: A function that calculates the model wave as described by parameters of length, frequency and amplitude. The calculation depends on current '
3886: Calculates the sum of diviors in an inputted integer. - Efficient way to find all factors/ Dividers .
3887: A function to combine similar types of like elements in the given list. If it can't find existing term, appends
3888: Calculates the total cost of an item, considering its content and style costs.  Also adds in additional variables to calculate profit
3889: Validates the inputted horizontal configuration. "True" if it is valid, and false otherwise." Possible inputs
3890: Return display name of the specified hash table entry. The return value is string representation where ':' and '.', depending on what
3891: This function returns the sign of an input number X."}'''}}} . '{' "}" ''') )).'}
3892: Create an associative array where the keys are prefixes and values, respectively , root. Returns combined string of all tables using
3893: Code that shifts the first 'n' characters of string to end. For instance, shift("Hello World" ,3 )
3894: compute the period of vector with dimension 'n'. Computes to be n/sqrt(3). It's used as
3895: Finds the eligible celestial bodies within certain conditions. The criteria being that they are between specific heights and distances from Earth
3896: Converts items to vuetify object syntax. Code snippet generates an string that represents the inputted value
3897: Given the number of CPUs in use, compute summation over all cpus. Code uses proc filesystem to get processor specific
3898: Provides the position of an element in one dimension array. The function returns three elements - whether or not it is valid,
3899: This function generates the list of commands from an input command sequence. It is used to construct shell scripts and report on their execution
3900: function to convert temperature from Fahrenheit scale into Celsius. The formula is (*(-( -> integer
3901: Code generates the maximum distance between two points with coordinates in one dimensional space. Distance is calculated as Euclidean norm of difference
3902: A simple wrapper around call with input file that takes care of exceptions when opening the files.  It uses continuation passing style
3903: Creates the first word of an input string. It returns it as its own element in list form, with each character following
3904: A function that checks if the provided argument is of type int and within range. If it isn't, or doesn’
3905: Code to normalizes the input float value within an acceptable range. If given with out of bounds, it'll return zero
3906: Parsing instruction in form of integer into its operation and mode. Code is divided by decimal units to separate the value from
3907: Check if the provided argument is an integer.  Use .value to access actual number of bits allocated, use % inplace
3908: Check the given status if it'll transfer successfully or not. If no such thing exists -> error and stop process else
3909: Recursively builds the reverse of an input list. – Haskell equivalent to Python's built in reversed
3910: Checks if the first character of string is '_' symbol, indicates that it may be private data.  ``name''
3911: Code to add two numbers.  It defines the function return addition of its arguments and returns resultant summation, or else
3912: This function performs addition with the given argument. It returns result of add operation on its arguments .   -->"sum"(
3913: calculate the number of minutes since midnight from an hour and minute input. The format is 'HHMM'. For example, calc
3914: A recursive function that takes as input an alphabetic string and returns the same resultant of flipping case.
3915: Create the URL of one specific tiling in .img format. For example, getUrl(tiling type , 3
3916: Compare two file histories. If all files are equal, return #true; otherwise false if either of the history isn'
3917: Code generates binary suffixes. For example, the number of bytes is converted to KB or MB format with appropriate string attached in
3918: returns the value of string alphabetically. The function maps each character to its ASCII equivalent, then adds them all up
3919: Check if string is palidromic. A word or phrase that reads the same forward and backward, ignoring spaces/
3920: Returns the first element of pair if it exists else returns itself. Essentially "removes" parenthesis in nested lists,
3921: Create or generate one sentence description of the function. It should be concise, easy to understand and convey what it does exactly
3922: Creates unique identifiers of given 'size'. This is done by appending lower and upper case hexadecimal dig
3923: Generates an ordered list of pairs representing the corners coordinates to form rectangular shape.  For example, make rectangles with side
3924: This function finds the fraction of numbers that are in both lists. The list `(list...' is sorted ascendingly
3925: Split string by commas and return corresponding elements as list. If only two arguments are given, it assumes the third element
3926: Function to convert the initial letter of each word in given string into upper case. For empty strings, returns false directly; otherwise
3927: Check if an entry exists in the database.  Returns true/false depending on whether or not it is present; takes two
3928: generate cryptographic keys by flashing bits in the range of given configuration. The number passed to _flasher function can
3929: Returns the square of sums from 'begin' to any number less than or equal ('end'). If no such range exists,
3930: Takes in two arguments -> an input data and the desired target system, then transforms it to match that.
3931: Computes the flow parameter of an arbitrary 3D system. Parameters are given by velocity and length in one dimensional systems
3932: Code defines recursive function to check if all elements in an input list are less than or equal.  It does so by
3933: checks if the given value 'v' represents numerically. 0, .1 and similar float values are considered as true
3934: Code generates hexadecimal string from RGB values. Hex format is #RRGGBB . It pads the leading
3935: A function to compute the sequence edit distance between two sequences. It uses dynamic programming approach which is used in bioinformatics
3936: Check if user password contains certain types of connections and give points based on the type.
3937: Generates flakes command to check Python syntax errors in the given .py files.  Outputs results as is, so
3938: Convert level to color. Given the log message's tag, it returns one of four predefined colors related with its
3939: This function takes an integer input and outputs the corresponding number in sequence of three digits from array '#(. . ...)'
3940: Given an array of blocks, calculate the number to be mined. The mine is assumed at least one block long but may
3941: Compare the lengths of two strings. Returns zero if they are equal, one less than零 otherwise . "compare string length".
3942: Code defines deep list function which takes in pairs and recursively transforms them into nested lists.  It deals with the pair
3943: generates an empty conjunction of size 'n' x ‘size’. It does not make sense to check whether it is
3944: A function to convert variation values. It changes the value of any given number by adding or subtracting ten percent points from it
3945: finds node in tree by its display/indexed 'label' or title.  Includes the search case insensitive"
3946: User is logged out.  Return whether the user has been successfully loged in or not, true if successful else false .
3947: Function to compute the area of rhumb using diagonals as input parameters, . The formula used is given by Area =
3948: truncates the input to 'max length'. if it exceeds, returns subcutaneous. Otherwise just return as is .
3949: create systematic argument. Creates one of two forms based on the dictionary supplied." (generate documentation about how to use
3950: This function converts the given argument to string if it is either not null or equal with some symbol. Else, returns
3951: Computes the GMOF of an input. It calculates square root and exponential function, then computs gmoft
3952: A simple linear regression model that takes input 'x' and weights in parameter vector Theme. It outputs prediction y(theta
3953: Creates frequency sub graphs from given edge list. The graph is represented as an adjacency matrix, with each node representing
3954: Parses an optionally titled parameterized function from or into text. If none, it returns original input/output parameters
3955: This function takes two lists, 'numerators' and "denominations", both of which should be numbers. The output
3956: Remove blank elements from the list of strings. Returns remaining data in order, but removes any empty space or nulls encountered
3957: Creates formatted time from the number of microsecond passed as argument. Useful to display or save on screen/storage space
3958: Function to calculate the ratio of two numbers. If denominator is zero, return numeric value otherwise resultant or fractional
3959: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT. In the process, it converts degrees
3960: Creates an action to choose based on the proportion of successful outcomes in 'episodes' using specific probability models provided by
3961: This function helps in determining the type of Market based on its inputs. If it's given as string, then determine if
3962: Tokenizes input string into whitespaces separated list of tokens.  "String split" and trim will be applied to remove
3963: Generates a tree of strings describing the content at each level, giving info about how many lines and how wide it is in
3964: Returns the first two components of an URL Address. The rest are optional and will either return as is, if not present at
3965: Checks if the letter is an alphabetic character from 'A' to any other digit. 0 does not
3966: This function takes as input one or more strings and joins them with an appropriate newline character. If the list is empty,
3967: Counts the number of occupied seats in an array. The input is assumed to be represented as two dimensional list where # stands
3968: Given two parameters, it formats the given id in such way.  Formatting is done by concatenating "<ResourceType
3969: Creates the structure of sequence alignment based on an input dataset with one line per element in aligns. Assumes that there
3970: A function to check if an array is sorted in nondecreasing order.  The first element must be less than or
3971: Calculates the difference between billing and payment.  This function returns that result, used to determine if there is any "
3972: Cut off value calculation based on the given percentage. It cuts any part of sequence where more than defined 'length' into consideration
3973: Convert the input to an integer if it is not none or null, otherwise return original value.  Return nil when given '
3974: A function that returns the history of computer moves.  Given two arguments, one is an identifier representing what kind object to make
3975: checks if script is run in GUI mode. It returns true when called with one argument, indicating that the application was launched from
3976: get alignment from justification factor (. . left, right or center).'.  1 line only summarizing the role of function
3977: This function checks if two numbers are almost equal within ‘.xxxx’ range of each other - in decimal form, which
3978: This function generates the database URI according to specified parameters.  It will return string like 'mysql+mysqldb:/username
3979: Checks if the token is an adjective or adverb.  Token classification using SVM and NLTK library in Python
3980: Code that checks if the string is ASCII or not. It does so by comparing each character in char sequence to its integer
3981: Returns whether the given date is on weekend or not. It returns 'true' if it’s weekday and vice vers
3982: This function checks if two fractions are equal. It takes as input the coefficients of both fraction parts and returns true or false
3983: checks if all characters in the input string are as ASCII. The function returns true only when each character is an uppercase
3984: This function converts strings to booleans. It takes string representations of true or false values and returns their corresponding Boo
3985: Returns the name of repository or just file path, if it is git folder. If not returns original string "". This will
3986: Recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence.  4/8th done in Clojure .
3987: checks if the input string contains only decimal numbers.  It uses recursion to handle strings of multiple digits separated by comm
3988: A function to convert zero values into very small numbers which is useful in various applications such as precision control, machine epsilon etc
3989: Produces all possible combinations of strings. This is used to generate the base configuration files required by NATS server and clients
3990: Provides truncation of strings to the given size. If string is longer than specified, it appends an ellipsis
3991: returns the string corresponding to an integer representation of Activity Status. 0 represents Success, anything else - FAILURE   .
3992: Checks if the input string contains both 'flaw' and/ or any form of opinion, criticism in it. It
3993: Determines whether given number is evenly divisible by two. If yes, then return "Yes", else returns only the
3994: Code to get the CoAP response codes. Class and Detail are numbers, where each represent different types of errors or success
3995: Given DNA sequence, returns its RNA counterpart.  It uses string replace to swap all T's in the input
3996: Transform each record into an array with key/value pairs.  Each field in the input data is mapped to its corresponding
3997: This function takes as input the annual amount of rainfall and two values which represent storeys in both trees. If they
3998: Code to calculate the square root of an input number using iterative method with good enough check based on absolute difference between actual and
3999: A function to wrap string in slacker syntax.  Takes one argument and returns wrapped text with backticks around it
4000: Function to get the name of an objects skin.  "object" should be in lowercase and no space or special characters
4001: Validates whether or not the provided list is both of length two and contains integers. If yes, it returns true; otherwise
4002: "Computes the minimum of two ratios computed using three equations, with an additional step to take only positive values in these calculations
4003: This function converts the input value from points to pixels. If it's equal or less than one, returns that same
4004: This procedure generates the points along an axes diagonally. It takes as arguments four numbers representing two coordinates defining where it
4005: Returns the input `String` with last occurrence of '.'(.) removed. If it doesn't exist, returns original
4006: Remove all whitespaces from string. A single pass solution without using the built in functions like trim or strip etc., and uses
4007: Defines the function to say hello.  Accepts one argument - person'name and returns string with greeting
4008: This function converts an Upper Cammel Case string to lower caml case. It does not handle any special characters or whites
4009: Computes the remainder of division by 'm'. If one or more arguments is omitted, it defaults to zero. The result
4010: Check if the provided input is an existing one.  The function returns true when it has been defined before, otherwise false;
4011: Remove language directives from source file. Affected by ##LANGUAGE in .syntax or include files
4012: Converts the input string into minutes. If it's already in minute form, just return as is; otherwise adds
4013: This function computes the ceiling of division operation on two numbers. The result is equivalent to rounding up, meaning that if
4014: This function takes in one parameter, the string of format 'day/months'/'years', and returns another formatted version
4015: This function tests whether the number 'p' is in Lucason Leifson test. If it passes, returns true;
4016: Generates the vocabulary file sub string.  A version of tweeter't . VOCAB FILE NAME FOR T
4017: Checks if the input is either an empty list or not, and then checks whether it's only one element long.
4018: Function to calculate the magnitude of vectors. It takes as input an infinite list/array, and outputs its total square root value
4019: A function that calculates padding parameters to position an element on the screen. This is often used in UI design software or when
4020: This procedure converts parameters related to the chi distribution into their corresponding values. The input parameter is assumed as an onel
4021: Create function to return the percent value of input number "ratio" by multiplying it with given percentage and then rounding result
4022: Checks if two parties have the same address, business name or person's names.  If they do and all their
4023: Parse package request.  If the argument is string then return its part before == sign else raise error with given message and
4024: Produce an onetime channel named, if the input is either # or &. If not prefixes are provided in it
4025: preprocess bool values.  If the input is boolean, it's done as usual; if not then we check whether
4026: This procedure implements the RECIPEIVER function which notifies recipient of new messages. When called, it displays an acknowled
4027: Formats the given URL as per standard format. For instance, input -> ('http://trackingserver' 1
4028: Produces the names of state tuples. This is used by function setStateNames to generate all possible combinations and then
4029: returns the variant id from each record.  If ID is . then it appends CHROMS and POS to create
4030: Checks if there are at least 'k' elements in the list which satisfy any of them.  Returns true only when
4031: A function to convert an indeterminate expression into its definition form. It uses the recursive method of converting from terms and
4032: This function converts the input integer into its one hot encoding. The digits from   [`digit = 9]
4033: Find the maximum number in an integer list.  If empty, return "please provide valid numbers". Use recursion to handle
4034: Create function to format seconds into hours, minutes and sec. e g .(87491 => “~
4035: Replaces various abbreviations in university affiliation and replaces them with their full form.  Also removes leading/trailing
4036: Implementation of FIZZ BUZZ algorithm. Takes an input, checks if it is divisible by both three and
4037: Function to get the path of full corpusto be processed in wiki conversation dataset; which is used as input by some conv
4038: A function to extract labels from the source files. If there are no sources, it returns an empty list; otherwise return all
4039: Normalizes the string if it is an identity function. Otherwise, returns empty sting"   . ) } }, ]}}
4040: Generates color maps.  It creates hash tables to map the different colors in an input spectrum, given by 'band'.
4041: Return the consensus sequence based on voting weights.  Given two sequences and their respective weigths, return whichever has
4042: This program extracts all the content of each 'Pass:' line and puts it into lists. The output will be passed ports
4043: A function that calculates the length of separation in combination with two other functions. The calculation is done according to formula �
4044: Creating mid points of the bound box coordinates. If any one corner is missing, it will create two new boxes to handle
4045: Function to return the list of variables observed in data.  If no variable is found, it returns NA . Also handles multiple
4046: Code defines function to count the number of ways stairs can be climbed with three steps at once. It works by recursively
4047: Binary search function with recursion to find minimum value within an array.  The binarySearch algorithm is similar, but it
4048: Convert string to list of substrings using given delimiter.  The resultant is then converted into an integer or float
4049: Returns the first vector in list of vectors that is closest to having one unit length, and all other values are zeroes."
4050: This function takes in the run's sample and returns its flow cell id or name if it exists. If not, then
4051: Returns the input as underscored format. It converts dot notation to under score notations in given strings and replaces