1: A function that multiplies each element of the vector by an integer.  The result is another Vector where all elements are scaled up or down according to 'k'.   It uses map and lambda
2: Removes the '*' character from all instances of it in MHC.  This is used to clean up data before running multiple tests on different datasets with varying levels and types, as well some
3: Checks if all files in the given list are already being used by another file.  If not, it returns #t; otherwise return false or an error message indicating that some of these were still
4: A function that returns the appropriate string based on whether or not it's conditional. If so, return an error message; if falsey then pass and fail accordingly .    }}}}}} }}".
5: Convert an email address to RFC 837x format. This function takes in the original, unescaped version of your eMail Address and returns it as per rcftp://
6: Returns the highest bit position of an integer. This is equivalent to finding out how many times you can divide by two until there's no remainder left, which gives us our answer as we are interested
7: Compute the percentage of identical characters in two sequences, excluding 'N' and '-'.  If one sequence is longer than another by more then it will be considered as larger if all its non
8: Create an API name from the given string. Replaces hyphens with slashes in place."
9: Convert HMS to degrees using regex and basic arithmetic operations on decimal numbers."
10: This function takes in an existing record and updates the access status of that entry to embargo.  It then returns updated records with new information .   The hash set is used here as it allows us
11: Returns the URL to get photos uploaded by an Facebook User ID and Access Token pair .  The result is in JSON format with fields source(URL of photo), updated time which shows when it was
12: A recursive function that reverses the order of characters in each word. It uses string manipulation functions to reverse individual strings and then concatenates them together into one final resultant sentence/phrase,
13: A function that returns the left child of an element in binary tree. The index is zero based, so it will return -inf if there's no parent node to its right side or not exist
14: This function returns the primary transcipt of miRRNAs.  It checks if it is present in mirbase and then return its value, else throws an error message .   [END]
15: This function takes in coordinates and returns the unique ones. It maps over each coordinate pair, creating new pairs with only one of its elements duplicated to remove any duplicate entries from list .  The result
16: This function calculates the value of an input parameter by adding .3 to it, and returns that result as output from another procedure call in one line using set!/lambda/procedure calls..
17: Combines all the entries in each annotation list into one.  If there are no more lists to combine, it returns empty array; otherwise continues until none left and combines them together."   }]
18: A function that calculates the product of two numbers divided by their sum.  It's called "product ratio".  	Input parameters are 'x', and `y'. Returns value is calculated
19: Convert an IP address to decimal format. The input is expected in dot notation, and the output will be converted into integer form of that number which can then used as index or value on some data structure
20: A function that takes two arguments, an integer or list of integers and another number. If the first argument is not given it will return all colors subtracted by second one in range [0..1
21: This function takes in an input list and returns it as the elements of its own unique, sorted version.  It is named 'choice' because that was what we used to create choices from our game
22: A function to generate the URL of an experiment's results page on EBI GXA website .  The input is Experiment Accessions and returns corresponding url string"
23: Returns the string value of 'name' in dictionary or empty if not found.  If no such key exists, it returns an emtpy String."   . "    }" )} ,
24: Flatens the given nested lists into one single level.  It uses recursion to flaten all sublists in order of their nesting levels."
25: Convert string to tex format.  Replace underscores with spaces in the given input text and return it as output .   Example :(texiq '("hello__world")) -
26: A function that returns the value of y. The input is added to one and stored in variable 'x'. Then, it stores result into another varible named "Y". It then prints out Y
27: Checks if the given string is of format '[A] [N/S][W/-E], where A, N or S are alphanumerics and / - represents either end.
28: Builds the Canonic Request string to be used in Amazon Web Services XML API requests  .'   '    ''')(,'').'.',.')))),,,,'.)..'))...
29: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list.  If input is not valid, it returns zero by default."   [END] Code snippet that demonstrates how you would use
30: Checks if the value of an existing variable is equal to 'old' and not '#f'. If it exists, returns true; otherwise false.  Code checks whether there exist any variables with that
31: Determines the type of page based on its contents.  It checks if it contains any defined HTML or RestructureText markup and determines accordingly."   [...] }}}}}} . }} )}
32: Generates report name based on the given parameters.  If both are empty, it returns simulation type only; if one is not blank and other isn't then appends "-" with respective string
33: This function calculates the number of partners in an array. The input is assumed to be positive integer, and it returns one partner if there's only two elements left; otherwise return all possible pairs
34: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. Code is written in Scheme language."   [END] [START][/start](#tasks)[TASK]: Write the function `(
35: Returns true if the images should be distorted. If not, returns false; otherwise it will randomly decide whether to apply left/ right flipping or cropping and scaling respectively." .
36: A function to calculate the power of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms on time complexity, O(log n).   .    Code snippet : ```python```
37: Converts human readable sizes to byte. It uses the SI prefixes B, KB , MB and GB . The conversion is done by dividing or multiplying with appropriate powers of ten based
38: Create database name based on the given parameters. 	Inputs : Prefix, Topology and Cluster Environment . Output is Database Name string	. Example - "myapp10a".
39: Checks if the given string is an URL.  It checks whether it ends with '/'. If not, then returns false; otherwise return true or last character of that song name in case there are
40: Normalizes the input to either +/- one. If zero, returns 'zero'. Otherwise return positive or negative depending on whether it is greater than/lesser .'s value"   "Normal
41: Returns the line width based on input parameters of type string and float, respectively." (code)" }}}}}}" }} . getLineWidth function is used to calculate or set default values in case
42: Returns the URL of an online campaign based on its type and identifier . The function takes two parameters - 'service' which specifies what kind or resource to return, e..g., mcs , re
43: Returns the digit at position 'N' in number represented as string.  For example, get\_first\_\(10\) will return \'(3)\'. This function is used to extract
44: Checks if all elements in the first list are present as key values within another given source.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." Code is checking whether every element of one
45: Convert the input to an integer. If it's not one of A, G or . then convert as is otherwise leave unchanged." (defun make_graph ()   ;; Create
46: A function to check if an integer is even. It returns true or false depending on whether the number given as input, when divided by two gives no remainder."
47: A function to calculate the value of VS in terms per square meter, given its volume and pressure ratio .   [...]'s" } , "Vapor Pressure": {...} },
48: A function that applies rewrites to dates.  It takes two arguments, the list of classes and an optional set/list with rewrite instructions in form [(class1 . rule), ...].
49: Checks if the given 'agent' is within or overlapping with another specified interval.  The first argument should be an array of two elements, representing start and end times in seconds from midnight to
50: A function that returns the string with only digit characters. If no digit character is found, it will return an empty list or nil if there are any non numerics in input strings . It uses
51: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max number in list using recursion and iteration methods respectively .   [Hint : Use conditional statements] (check if first
52: A function that takes an array of URLs and returns the same urls, but with their lengths cut to under or equal    _to_, if they are longer than , characters. If not it
53: Checks if two strings can be connected. 1st string is suffix of the second, and vice versa but not both; also checks whether it'll fit into one byte or half in
54: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
55: Convert list to item.  If the input is not an element of List, return it as Is; if its length equals zero returns #F ; else convert first and recursively call on rest elements
56: Returns the label of each node in binary trees.  If it is not list, then returns itself as its own unique identifier . Otherwise , recursively calls on left and right subtrees to get their
57: Convert the day of Pythagorean calendar to SQL date format. The function takes in one parameter, which is an integer representing days from January first and returns another number that represents same value but
58: This function calculates the distance from one line to another. It uses vector operations and halfspaces defined by two points in 3D space, which are used as input parameters of _pointLine
59: Converts the given number to its corresponding column in an array. If it's negative or zero then returns -(column + 3). Otherwise return just that integer as is .   [END
60: A recursive function to calculate the Chebycheffi constant. The formula is used in numerical analysis and optimization problems, especially when dealing with recurrence relations or polynomials of degree two that are related
61: Checks if the first and last character of input string are alphapetical. If not, returns false else true . It checks all characters in between to ensure they're also alpha letters
62: A function to calculate the maximum expression tree's height. It uses recursion and iteration, but only if it is called with an argument that represents one of its arguments in some way - ie
63: Split the input string into separate tokens based on whitespaces.  The function returns an empty list if there are no nonempty strings in between spaces, otherwise it will return all of them as one
64: Converts urwid colors to clickable ones. If the input is not string, returns an empty list; otherwise conversts given colour into one of two possible formats - 'color' or
65: A function that calculates the value of polynomial equation. The input is x and returns y = f(x)." .format() method to format it as per your requirement, e
66: A function that generates an HTML list item.  It takes as input the string to be placed in each of its own <LI>< / LI > tags and returns it wrapped inside one single, well
67: Calculates the number of beats in an array. If no input, returns zero; otherwise counts all elements and adds one to account that we're counting from start point as well." (
68: A function that converts an integer representation of binary number to its decimal equivalent. It uses fold left operation on the list and adds up all elements in reverse order, with each element being multiplied by
69: Convert epoch timestamp to milliseconds. Code snippet that converts the given time in seconds into its equivalent value expressed as an integer representing number of ms since January,  4th ,9
70: This function takes in an array of cyclic permutations and returns the corresponding line numbers. It uses recursion to find each number's position within its respective circular list, starting from zero if it
71: Calculates the AMedicine cost of a medication based on the patient's age and dosage form, taking into account various factors such as insurance premium or insurance deductible costs .)."
72: A function to format the name(s)/author/creator. If no input, returns 'anonymus'. if only one element in an array form - return that single value; otherwise concaten
73: Returns the command to add or remove loopbacks.  If in present mode, it returns 'Add' otherwise return Remove'.   .    Code snippet : vrouting/vrouterd
74: A function that compares two floating point numbers with an error margin. If the absolute value of their differences is less than or equal to 'epsilon', it returns zero, indicating they are approximately equivalent;
75: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula provided by WHO'S OFFICIAL WEATHER website and returns result in FARAHENHEIGHT
76: A function to format time in different units based on the input number of secs, e..g., convert millisecond(ms), second(.sec.), minute (.min.) and hour .hours).
77: Generates the full path of file with given extension.  For example, if we have 'myLogFile' as our base name and '.txt', it will return '/home/user/.m
78: Converts the given P value to its significance string representation .   "*" means significant, and if it is less than or equal with zero then we have no signifiance"    ** indicates
79: Convert display name to class.  e .g., John Doe -> johnDoe"  	; ; end of function definition."   ^C:\Users\Administrator/.
80: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do, returns the interval that does so; otherwise return #f .   Intervals are represented as pairs of numbers representing their endpoints (.e.,
81: This function takes in the list of paths to model files and returns their names. It appends "_out" at end, which is common convention used by many models when they are saved as pickle
82: A function to calculate the number of ways one can climb up an N steps staircase by taking either 'n' or/and two stairs at once. The total count is calculated using recursion and
83: A function that applies two transformations to the elements of an input list. The first transformation is linear, and then another one adds some constant value 'u'.  It's used in Gaussian elim
84: Finds all occurrences of the string 'S' in list.  Returns them as another lists."	   . )"    }]])]]])))))). "(code/c
85: A function that searches an item in the list. It returns indices of all occurrences if found, else empty vector . The search is case sensitive and starts from zero indexing ie., first
86: A function to determine the type of closing tag based on an opening one.  It checks if there is any syntax or highlight tags in it and returns them accordingly." --->(defun
87: Creates an instance of the provider class.  The parameters are ID, Name and Tax Rate which will be used to create new instances later on .
88: Returns the maximum of two numbers with given tolerance.  "value" is one number, and	"tolerence", which can be any real numeral . The function returns max(
89: Checks if the Elasticsearch shard operation was successful. Returns true or false based on whether there is at least one successfully completed indexed document in all primary and replica nodes of an ES cluster
90: A recursive function that generates the booming sequence. It starts from an input number and keeps adding one to it until reaching or surpassing zero, then returns all numbers in string format with '
91: Checks if string is only whitespaces. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." (defun checker10369748a . -s )"Check the
92: A function to calculate the accuracy of binary classification.  It takes two lists as input, and returns an integer representing how often predictions match actual values in both list inputs."   [END] ---
93: This function constrains the given 'cell' to be of type specified by its class in an onerow latticesystem, ie., it is constrained such that all cells are either
94: A function to check if the optimization process should stop based on whether or not an optimal solution has been found. If no such situation is detected, it will continue until either 'patience' iterations have
95: Code defines an operation that calculates the sum of all elements in list. If it is at first position, then sums up each element with every other one and returns result; if not - takes second
96: A function to calculate the pochamner of an integer. It is used in number theory and combinatorics, where it's needed frequently as part or all numbers are multiples with respect
97: Extracts the protein id from an input string.  Input is expected to be in format of 'ProtID1;AccessionNumber'. The function returns Protein ID as extracted."
98: Check if the given 'num' is within range. If not, it will display error message and exit program execution .   [END] Code snippet to check whether or no worker has been
99: Recursively concatenates two strings. If one string is empty, it returns the other's content; if both are nonempty and equal in length then return their contents combined without any additional characters
100: Checks if the sum of two numbers is greater than another number.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    	    Code length : x characters    Lines count = 3
101: A function that takes an integer input and returns the next even number. If it's already odd, return one less than its previous value if possible; otherwise keep as is until we reach zero or
102: A function to determine if the body of an atom is small or not. The definition depends on whether it's inside, outside and at its edge respectively . If all three conditions are met then return
103: Computes the maximum sequence length among all sequences in given list of lists. If there are no elements, it returns zero as result because an empty set is considered to have one element and thus has its
104: Checks if point C is on the line passing through points A and B.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   "    ". The function takes three coordinates as input parameters - two
105: A function to convert string inputs into boolean values. If the value is 'yes' it returns true, if not then false and otherwise throws an error message with invalid character(s).  Code sn
106: Generates csv file name from string.  "str" is the input and it appends .CSV to generate output filename."   Code snippet that generates CSVs with unique names
107: A recursion function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when n = ~= ∞, which returns  ^(number). When ~n > ¼ , it
108: This function checks if the user's chosen integer matches with computer randomly selected one, and gives hints based on whether their choice was higher or lower than expected by giving them some attempts to get closer .
109: Returns the number of items per page. If it's not set, returns 1k by default .   [END] Code Summary : getItemsPaginationSize -> Get Items
110: Convert to instance format.  Inputs are the Hub, Group and Project names respectively."   . "Returns an string that represents these inputs in their respective formats.")    }}}}}}'    ```
111: Returns the name of temporary vApp.  This is used to create new instances in temp state during migration process."  	; done ; end definition .done" }}}}}} }} "} {
112: This function consults the balance of an account given its number. If it exists, returns that value; otherwise return #F .  It is used to get information about accounts in our system..
113: Checks if the given string is either an actual module or submodules of another in Racket language syntax." --->(#t/False, "name" and "/path to file
114: A function that checks if the input is odd or even. It takes one argument and returns true when it's ODD, false otherwise."; (code);"\n";""}
115: Returns the values of all cells in one specific column from given table.  The input is assumed to be an array where each element represents cell value and its position within that particular list/array, e
116: Checks if the given input is of type variable. 1/3rds true, others false .   "Variable" in programming terms refers to an identifier that represents memory location or data storage
117: A function that sums the values of all nonnegative numbers in an input list.  The result is returned as one number, which represents summation operation on given inputs .
118: A function that repeats the given string. If number is not positive, it returns false; otherwise return repeated phrases based on inputted numbers of times specified by 'num'. For example repeat("hello
119: This function filters out employees who are older than the age of three times their salary. It returns #true if an employee is eligible, and false otherwise." Code snippet to test
120: A function that takes three arguments and returns the first nonempty string it encounters. If all strings are empty, then return an error message or default one if provided otherwise "" .  It is similar
121: A function that returns +/-/=  ```. ``` is the string representation of an empty python statement . The condition checks if number given as input to be positive, negative or zero and then
122: A function that generates an empty grid of given dimensions.  The elements are all zeros by default, but can be filled with any value if needed in the future." (code snip
123: Finds the largest sum of contiguos subarrays in an array. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by keeping track and updating maximum sums found so far during each iteration, thus avoiding
124: This function takes an integer and extends it to the maximum value of signed int. If input is greater than or equal, then returns same number as output else if less thaan ,then return negative
125: A function to get the different categories of covid data.   [END] . Code:. define (. list '( confi nfied death s recoverd act ive)))'.)"
126: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation.  The input is two scalars and an output variable, which stores one value from each computation in order to compute gradients later on .  	Input
127: A function that ignores uris in the list of ignored URIs.  It takes two lists as input, one with all URLs to be checked and another containing those which should not pass
128: A function that takes four numbers as input and returns their sum. The first two are multiplied by the number 'w', then followed with multiplication of third one ('x') which is also multiplying
129: A function to get the list of all unique servers in given dictionary. The input is expected as an argument which contains server details like 'server' and its corresponding id, ie., {(<
130: A list of available deep learning models.  Each model is represented as string in the form 'name'. The names are used to identify which specific version or configuration should be loaded when calling load_* functions
131: A function to calculate the learning rate with time step.  It decreases by factor of 'alpha' at each iteration, until it reaches minimum value as specified in "global steps". The decrease is done
132: Computes the sum of squares from one to given number. It uses map and lambda functions in combination with range function which generates numbers upto 'nn'. The result is then computed by applying add
133: A function that takes two lists of cities and returns the pairs from one city to another. If there are not enough elements in either input, it will return an empty pairwise connection between any given origin
134: This function takes in the list of bed regions and returns them as string. It is used to convert beds into strings that can be written out or read back from file etc..  The output format will
135: Predicts the probability of an object being in contact with another when it is at least 'gap' units apart from its own center, given that we know their diameters and are measuring distance between
136: This function changes the color of output to blue.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that change colors, such as "print".'s and "\n", which are useful when debugging
137: Checks if the given list of lists represents an identity matrix. A square, diagonal dominant or anti diagonally dominating is considered as being identical to itself in terms represented by 'L'. The
138: A function that returns the same as its input.  It's just an example of how to create functions in Scheme/Racket programming language, and it is used only once because there are
139: Generates safe filename from input string by removing special characters and spaces, then keeping only alphnumeric chunks of the original file name if they are not empty after removal process .
140: Computes the sum of all numbers in [x, y] that are divisible by either three or five. The function is recursive and uses memoization to avoid redundant computation on previously
141: This function takes in the string representation of an id and splits it into its constituent parts. It then returns one part, which is assumed to be unique identifier within that particular context or scope."
142: Calculates the received power from an EIRP and loss.  The formula is derived by adding gain to energy input ratio plus minus subtracting lost paths over time, which are added in reverse order
143: Returns the list of carriers that are currently in use. The function takes into account both free and reserved slots, as well an additional offset to consider them within FFT length range when calculating their positions
144: Computes the sum of all elements in an associative array. If no such element exists, it returns zero by default; otherwise return its value provided as argument to else clause .   [...]"
145: Parses the given text into an array of strings.  The input is assumed to be comma separated string, and each element in output will contain one word from original sentence .  	Input :
146: Computes the F score of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero then it returns false else true value is returned as per formula f = √
147: Finds local maxima in the list of ETAs. Returns them as pairs with their corresponding ETA values if they exist, otherwise returns NULL; else it continues to find other possible maximum points on
148: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb n stairs. The first two are easy, then each step is either one or twice as hard depending on how many steps left in total we have
149: Removes the "$oid:" prefix from all keys in an object.  This is useful when you're working with MongoDB and want to avoid key conflicts due tp $id fields
150: Computes the least squares solution of an algebraic equation using PADe approximation. The parameters are as follows - L, alpha and beta coefficients; K is used to compute sqrt(K); S
151: Checks if the given string is in any order.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . "Checking" whether or no one has won by checking each character of both
152: Convert sequence to string representation.  If the input is list, convert each element of that array/sequence into its corresponding value in terms as strings; if it's number or boolean then return their
153: A function that performs division. If the second argument is not equal to Zero, it returns Division of first and Second Argument else throws an error message if divisor equals zerp .
154: This function finds the odd product pairs in an inputted array. It returns all such pair of indices where each index is less than half its corresponding value from another element, and their products are not zero
155: Checks if the given number is within range.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Range includes both end points of its interval and checks whether or no numbers are in
156: A function that divides two numbers. If the second number is 0, it throws an error message stating 'Division by Zero'. Otherwise returns division of first and Second Number .   [
157: Removes special characters from string. Only keeps alphanumerics, whitespaces and punctuations in the output strings; upper case letters are kept as is while lower cases remain unchanged . The function
158: A function that recursively retrieves values from nested dictionary. It takes two arguments, the main dict and an ordered list of keys to traverse through in order until it finds its value or returns default
159: A function that simulates the behavior of mock server. It takes two parameters, one is string to be checked and another parameter indicates what character should match in order return 'one' otherwise it returns
160: Checks if one set is the subset of another.  If it's not empty, checks whether all elements in 'value', are present as members within "set" and recursively calls itself
161: A function that divides the string into equal parts. If division is not possible, it returns only one part with full content of original text in list format . The parameter 'input' represents an initial
162: A function that sums all elements in the list without duplicating.  It uses apply to sum up each element of inputted array, and then removes any duplicate values from it using set? . This
163: Returns the color associated with given numerical value of 'score'. If less than six, returns critical; if between three and eight - orange ; etc." . The function is used to determine which textual
164: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'a' and	'b', returns the product of these values, which is also returned as output from main procedure .   "(
165: This function takes in two or more numbers and returns their signs. If all of them were negatives, it throws an error message stating that they must be positive to have different results from each other;
166: Returns the verb to describe workflow's current state. 1st parameter is either completed or error, returns whether it has/was in progress etc..   . Code snippet used by other
167: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'vp' and "rho" which are the base values to be used when calculating."   .    Code is defined as an
168: Removes the 'user' key from dictionary.  Returns modified dict."	   . )">/home/.emacs",(lambda ()'(defun myfunc()	"do something with
169: A function that multiplies two lists by multiplying the first element of each list and adding up all other elements.  The result is returned as another pair in order to mimic multiplication behavior from Python
170: A function to describe the current level of water vapour in an air sample. The levels are described as 'OK', if it's between  39 and   71% RH
171: A function to convert string flags into boolean values.  It supports case insensitive comparison of strings with the keywords yes, true and false as well."   [END]   ```    `(def
172: A function that replaces all occurrences of the given 'search' value with another in any type.  It checks if input parameters are strings, otherwise it throws an error message stating as such
173: Checks if the class of an object is either Property or Gene and its length should not exceed certain limit. If yes, then it returns true else false .   [END] Code snippet
174: Convert string to enumeration. If the input is not valid, return 'None'.  Otherwise returns corresponding Enum Value or Default if no match found in dictionary . (provided by _
175: Convert DBW to Watters. A function that conversts the given value of Db in watter per hour into wattage .'.""") (provide 'convert
176: Flatens the list of lists. 	Inputs : List, Output -> flatened nested/one dimensional array .   Example [1,[3 ,4],[6]] => output =
177: This function takes in an input of type STRING and returns the same output with all spaces removed, followed by hyphens.  It is used to convert strings into slug format which can be easily
178: A function that returns the highest value in an array of numbers, excluding certain specified elements. The fold operation is used to iteratively apply updates on each element and reduce it down into one single output
179: This function takes in two arguments, the matrix and an index of column to be extracted. It returns all elements from that specific row as list .  For example if we have [[10  3
180: A function that removes all digits from the input string.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists and strings, filtering out non numerics characters using helper functions defined within it."
181: Computes the mobility of an atom in terms its position and momentum, given by γ = p/ε where epsilon is assumed to be one over unity or zero if it's not defined
182: A function that picks the first item in list which is suffixed with given string. If no such element exists, it returns false .'s" } , { "input": ["a", "#
183: A function that converts strings to numbers. It takes in one string, and if the first character is ' then it removes quotes from around inputted number(strings). If not ,then just return
184: Split an integer into its digits. Returns two values, the quotinent and modulus of division by ten respectively . e..g split(489): [37 ,6]
185: Normalizes the path to string.  If input is not already in form of Path, it converts into one using system's default conventions .   [...]    "file" : A
186: Calculates the standard deviation of two numbers. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents how much one number deviates from another in terms on average and rounded to nearest whole numeral
187: Split the third element of each string in input list. The result is converted to number type and returned." (code/text . splitDataLine1 ) = #f; let'
188: This function takes an string as its argument and if the length of that given String is one, it appends '0' at beginning to make sure there are only two characters in total. If not
189: Get the User Agent from HTTP Request Header.  Returns an empty string if no such header exists in given meta data."  	Keyword(s): get, http headers"    Example usage
190: Get sumstat file path based on the provided parameters – either GRChr version or specific gender, and whether both genders are requested to be combined in one dataset .'s content is not
191: Checks if the first element of two lists are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise continues checking with remaining elements in both arrays until one is found to be different or all
192: A function that merges two strings. If the third argument is true, it will concatenates them otherwise they are merged as one string without any separator between characters."  [END]  ```
193: Checks if point is inside rectangle. 1st dimension of the box should be less than or equal to x, and y coordinate also within range from first coord in boundingbox . Second dim
194: A function that collects all upper case letters from the input string. It uses recursion to traverse through each character in order and checks if it is an alphapetical one, then
195: A function to format the range of years between two given numbers. If one or both are negative, it returns '???' and if they're not in order then formats them correctly as per their
196: Calculates accuracy of prediction.  It compares two lists and counts how many elements are equal in both sequences, then divides by total number to get percentage correctness or precision . If lengths aren
197: A function to calculate the distance between two points in an ordered space, taking into account wrapping around at boundaries of order numbers . e g t ord dist  34   7    8 returns ~
198: This function takes in an array of boolean values and returns the corresponding state names. If true, it will return "STATE ENABLE", if false -> 'state disabled'.  It is used to
199: Generates dequanted variable name. 	Inputs : Variable Name, Output - Dequantised/Deobfuscated version of the inputted string with added .DEQU
200: A function that divides two numbers and returns the result if they are not equal to zero or equals with precision of .1 in any case, otherwise it throws an error message saying 'invalid input'.
201: A function to chunk an Array into smaller Arrays of given Size. If the input is null, it returns empty list; if its length less than or equal with provided parameter then return same as output
202: Sorts the names in an array of fully qualified domain name.  It uses string splitting and comparison to sort them based on their subdomains, then by length if they have equal first level domains
203: Check if the given string is an URL. 1/0 or True - yes, False no .   Code snippet used to check whether inputted text can be considered as valid http /
204: Defines the list of column names used in data processing and manipulation tasks, depending on whether or not to include additional information about each record's statuses/conditions within these records."  [
205: Decodes the condition of an encoded string. If no match is found, returns zero by default .   Code snippet : decodeConditions(encodeCondition("ACAT")) -> 3
206: A function to calculate the number of trials needed in an experiment. The input is time bin and total trial count, it returns half times that as output from given inputs .   [END] Code Summary
207: A function that returns the subscription group of an id.  The format is 'Subscriber Group : Publisher ID'.   .'s Subscriptions are managed by subscribers in their respective groups
208: A function that takes an integer and list, returns the first N elements of inputted List. If given negative or zero number it will return empty set/list . And if there is no element in
209: A function to generate slugs from names.  It converts spaces in the string into underscores and makes it lower case before conversion, then returns that as output of your new method .
210: A function that implements the rectified linear unit activation. It returns max(x, o)."  	    		   	   			     									       .'..'. '.' ..... '.
211: A function to sanatise string by replacing non alphanumeric characters with underscore. If the input is not of type 'String' it returns an error message else return cleaned up version .
212: Converts time in Second to UM Time. For example, if input is '31' then output will show the number and unit(in minutes). e..g., ('7 hours
213: A function to calculate the derivative of sigmoide activation in neural network" .' | tr -d '\r') )); then echo $line; done > outputfile ; cat inputFile >>
214: This function converts the brightness percentage to its equivalent value in grayscale scale, which is used by some image processing algorithms like thresholding and edge detection etc., where we need an integer between [
215: Checks if the input is an empty String.  If it's not, returns #true; otherwise return false or throws exception .   "Checking whether given object/data type has no
216: This function calculates the variance of noise in dB. It takes two arguments, signal to noiseless power and equal error rate per bit evevnly used by some radio communication systems such
217: Generates connection string based on the type of dbms being used. It supports sql, postgres and mysql databases . The function takes in four parameters -> 'backend', username ', password' ,
218: A function to calculate the number of people in an "old" group based on their ages. The first person is considered as being at zero years old, and each subsequent child gets one year older than
219: Flatens the inputted lists. If an empty sublist is encountered, it returns nothing instead of throwing error or exception to prevent program crash and continues with other elements in remaining part .   "Fl
220: Checks if the given file name ends with ".cmp" or "_c.png".  Returns true when it is, false otherwise.";	End of Code Block -->'   '
221: Checks if the provided argument is of type 'ResourceNoun'. If not, it throws an error.  Otherwise returns true .   [END] Code snippet to be inserted in your
222: A function to get the abbreviation of course type. (code): )} .   }}}}}} }} ... etc...]]]])">'</pre><br />
223: Rescales the input number between two given ranges.  The function takes four arguments, one to be resized and three boundaries defining what range it should fall within when scaled back into its original form
224: Computes the derivative of function f(y,z), where z is constant.  The result will be in terms that are conveniently expressed as dy / dx .   It's used to
225: Convert the given input to an ordered list of ASCII values.  The function takes in one argument, which is supposedly some kind or textual data and converts it into its corresponding ordinal
226: Computes the Intersecting Over Union of two boxes. The intersection is computed by finding common points between both boundings rectangles, and then computing their area as an overlap measure with respect to each
227: This function returns the total number of data points in each dataset. The two datasets are related to 'Ro' and '. Md'. It is used when we want get information about how many samples there
228: Computes the number of fans in an array.  If it's not possible to compute fan count from given dimensions then returns -9876 .   It is used by other functions like
229: Returns the shape of an object from its name. If no such thing exists, it returns #F . The function is used to get shapes by their names in components and also when we want just one
230: Convert the given amount of real world seconds to steps, assuming that one second is equal as many microseconds in our system's clock)." (END OF CODE BLOCKS -
231: A function that translates the coordinates of an array. It takes as input two integers representing start and end indices, followed by another integer to represent how much we want it translated in terms from its original
232: Calculates the flux magnitude ratio between two magnitudes in MHz/MHz, given as input parameters to function "(code)" .  	Flux Magnitude Ratio is calculated by raising one
233: A function that pads the left side of string with zeroes. If input is less than or equal to 3, it will return as original and if more then pad rest part by adding leading '
234: Updates the given 'checklists' based on whether they contain adults, children or non citizens. If none of these are present in them then it adds all three to create an initial state with each
235: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'N' equals zero, in which it returns one and stops further calculation; otherwise if N isn’t
236: This function calculates the step size to be used in numerical integration. It takes into account both local and global errors, as well maximum derivative of fourth order approximation . The formula is derived from an equation
237: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from 'lower' upto and including, but not exceeding ,upper. If "up" is less than or equal too . The result
238: Checks if two rectangles collided.  If they did, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on the assumption that both input parameters are numbers representing coordinates of corners in clockwise
239: Finds the shared neuron id'd in two lists.  The function takes as input both neural network structures and returns their common nodes/ids .
240: Calculates the volume of sphere with radius 'r'. The formula used is V = ∫(π*dV/dr)*Γ*(R^n), where R = outer circle'
241: A function that increments the input number by one. It's just an example of how to define and use functions in Scheme programming language." (defun populateList () ...
242: Extracting passports from the given list of strings. Each string represents one or more consecutive nonempty sequences separated by '\n'. The function returns all such passes as lists, in reverse order."}
243: Converts hour and minute to decimal format time in days, given as input parameters" . "\n") ;; end of function definition   ")" ));	end the comment block    }
244: Generates all possible subsets of the given list. The number parameter determines how many elements are in each subset, and it defaults to one if not provided or set as null/undefined value; otherwise returns
245: A function to convert date and time into ISO 8601 format. It takes in one argument, the input datetime object or string that needs conversion; returns an iso formatted timestamp as String
246: Validates the given AIX account Beacons Configuration – checks if it is valid and contains required fields .   ->(aix\_beaon\_\[config\] = validate )
247: Adds an article to the beginning of names that start with vowels. If not, it adds 'n' at end if they don’t have any consonants before them and otherwise just
248: Returns the sign of 'data'. If it'is positive, returns +. Otherwise - .   "(defun sgn" is used to define function in scheme."} }}}}}}).
249: A function to compute the two's complement of an integer. It takes as input, in binary form and returns its one’ s complements value . If it is zero then return itself else flip
250: This function retrieves the first value from an input dictionary. If it's empty, then throws error message otherwise returns that single valued result .   [END] (provide/cond ((
251: A function that returns the reverse of an array. It takes two parameters, 'length' and "the number" to be reversed in it." . The output is another list with elements at positions
252: Generates the getCommandHelpMessage function.  It returns string of form 'show [cmd] cmd' .   it is used to generate commands that show their respective documentation or usage messages in general
253: This function takes two lists of nodes and returns three different subsets based on the relationship between them. It uses lambda functions to filter out certain elements from one list that are in another, thus creating new
254: Add the same number to each element of vector.  Returns new list with elements increased by given scaler value .   "Adding" is done in place, ie., it modifies original
255: Returns an appropriate message type based on whether or not it is legacy. If true, returns SBP_. Otherwise throws error with given name as parameter." ---END OF CODE---\n
256: Checks if number is prime. If not, returns false and checks the rest of list to see whether it's divisible by any other numbers in that array or itself; otherwise return true .
257: Calculates the difference between two pins, taking into account their relative position and speed. The result is an estimate of how far apart they are in terms per hour based on current time since last update or
258: A function that maps temperatures to colors. Temperatures over the blue zone are mapped as 'Blue White'. The rest of them get classified into different shades based on their temperature value within each category,
259: Convert Python data type to equivalent pandas DataType.  For example, convert 'numpy' integer types into panda’s int64 and float308 in .convert()
260: Compare two strings case insensitive.  Returns true if they are equal, false otherwise .  	    		   	   			     									      	 	       	     	.        "a" ,,, ""
261: A function that returns the string representation of an integer.  The result is enclosed in curly braces and comma separated by commas, e..g., at least one hundred thousand .
262: Strips the word 'PID' from any part of inputted text.  If it is found in that section, replaces with nothing and returns modified version without Pid prefixes or
263: Create an experiment description.  Args are the parameters of your function, which can be used to create more detailed descriptions later on .  	Example usage :(describe 'myExperiments ('
264: A function to generate segment ids from the given list of input. The output is an ordered sequence where each element corresponds with one or more consecutive sequences in which all elements are separated by "sep"
265: Converts an integer to IPv4 address string. The input is the decimal representation of IP Address and output will be in dot notation format ie, 'xxx . xxx .....'
266: A function to format an email or postal addresses.  The input is two strings, the first being name and second one as street/house number . It returns formatted string of full adress like
267: "Defines and exports the 'sum' operation"  .   [END SUMMARY]    Code:[BEGIN CODE ]     def computeSumOfParameters(): return addFirstAndSecond() +
268: A function to decode an integer value encoded in base three. It uses recursion and modulus operation until the number of variables is zero, then it returns list with values from original encoding scheme .
269: A function that joins two strings with - and the second string is its tag.  It's used to generate unique names in case of multiple instances where same component has been built but different versions are
270: A function that takes two arguments, tests if the first argument is true and returns its second one otherwise.  It's like an "else" statement in other languages but with more power than it
271: Subtracts two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector .   "v1" and "./vector subtraction/" } , { :title => 'SubVec',
272: A function that joins the elements of an input list into one string with multiplication symbols between each term.  For example, if you call jointermss ((10 + 3 -4)) it
273: A function that takes in physics skim data and returns it as string. It is used to convert the list of strings into one long, comma separated line with each element prefixed by SKI:.
274: Extracts the name from given list of hashes. If no such tag exists, returns false or an empty string respectively."  . ->   Code snippet to extract and return value
275: Validates if an id is provided or infers one.  If not, throws error message stating that no dataaset Id was found in either of two possible ways - by setting GOOGle
276: Convert memory size from Bytes to Megabyte. Code snippet that converts the given number of bits into megabits."; (provide memBytesToMib
277: A recursive function that calculates the sum of numbers from 'n' down to zero. The values are given by parameters "a", and each number is multiplied with itself three times, then
278: A function to generate the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers upto given limit. The sequence starts with two consecutive odd integers, and each subsequent number is obtained by adding three previous ones
279: A function that moves in the specified directions. It takes four arguments - an initial position, and two numbers representing movement amounts along each axis of either N or E/ W respectively; then returns new positions
280: A function to get the drink by profession.  It takes in one parameter which is supposedly being used as input and returns its corresponding beer name from hash table of drinks based on that proficiency level
281: A function that removes the specified 'prefix' from end of given input. If it is not present, returns original value as prefix was removed already at its beginning or doesnt exist in provided text .
282: Checks if two strings are alphaneumerics. If the last character of one string is numerically or alpha, it checks whether both end with same characters and their ASCII values differ by
283: Creates an ordered list of the first n elements from each size in input.  The result is sorted by increasing order and then reduced to unique values if any duplicate are present, resulting into one line
284: Returns the middle index of an array or list. If there is even number, it returns two numbers and one will be higher than other to cover all cases in case when we have odd elements count on
285: A function to generate ordinals from numbers. It takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding string representation of that number in terms with respect its position within sequence, e..g., first , second
286: A function to create an empty matrix of given dimensions. It uses recursion and makes use the makeList procedure from Scheme's built in functions, which creates lists with elements at specified positions filled
287: Recursively calculates greatest common divisor using Euclidean algorithm with given parameters in list format [signA] ,[signB].   ;(defun gcd .params.) ->
288: Checks if the given version number is of type module. 1/0 -> boolean value indicating whether it's modular or not, true = 'package', false=not package'.
289: Convert RGB to the ITU Rec.709 color space using standard conversion factors and rounding off values upwards by floor function in one line of Python program, without any additional libraries required except
290: A function that reverses the order of elements in list. It takes one argument, which is to be processed by reverse operation on it and returns resultant new List .   Code snippet :
291: A program that prints out verses from 'bottle' number upwards. If there are none left then print an appropriate message about ending condition .   Code length : x characters    Lines
292: Returns the first nonempty list in its argument. If all lists are empty, returns an error message "Error".  Code is used to return only one of two possible results - either it's
293: A function that calculates the probability of running exactly once in 'n' runs. If there are no more than zero remaining, it returns one as all trials have already been performed and thus we can
294: Computes the intersection over union of two boxes. The input is four numbers each representing one corner's coordinate in clockwise order, ie., top left and bottom right corners are given first then
295: Parses the conda package name. If it is of format 'name', returns its components as list ['default' , ‘name’]. Otherwise, return [“Default”，dep
296: Calculates the score of an effector function kit based on its parameters and returns it as output in percentages or kilobases per million base pairs if requested to do so, otherwise return only one
297: Checks if the input language is one of English, French , Hindi or Spanish. If not it returns false else true .  It's used to validate user inputs in our application."
298: Parses string as boolean. If the input is either empty, false or no other value then it returns true otherwise return False .  It's case insensitive and handles both yes/y
299: Retrieves the email address from an incoming dictionary. If not found, it returns empty string."  [END]  ```" }}}}}}' | sed 's/^[[:space
300: A recursive function to solve the knapSACK problem. It takes as input an integer 'capacity' and two lists of integers, one representing weights in each item while another represents their values
301: This function returns None if the input is an empty list, or just displays it. If not then return original value of argument passed to that method."   .   ```python ```ruby Code :
302: Converts MIDI note number to chromatic scale. The result is the closest chord in which all notes are included, and it's based on C Major Chords order by using
303: Returns the last bit of an URL.  For example, if input is 'http://example/path', it will return '/'. If no slash exists in url then returns default string ->
304: Calculates the derivative of control parameter drho with respect to time t, given parameters alpha and speed; returns value in seconds^(-6). This function is used by functions that calculate reaction times based
305: A function to check if number is prime. It uses recursion and the modulus operator in order not only checks divisor but also whether it's an even or odd factor of 'n'.
306: A function that calculates the square of each element in an input list and then sums them up.  It is used to calculate length or magnitude/norms like Euclidean distance, etc., on
307: A recursive function that generates the first n elements of an infinite list. The input is two parameters, 'parent' and "num", which are used to generate each element in sequence by calling itself
308: A function that encases the input string with two markers.  It is used to wrap text around other texts in various ways, such as creating borders or wrapping lines within an environment like HTML
309: Checks if two lists are equal in dictionary order. If the elements of both list match, it returns true; otherwise false is returned."  [END]  ```    """ )" } ]
310: A function to calculate the time constant of an exponentially weighted moving average filter with given parameters."; (comment "Author : [Your Name]") ; optional, add your name if you want
311: A function that changes the unit of all parameters in an input dictionary.  The new units are determined by multiplying each value with 'multiplier'.   It returns updated dictonary .
312: Checks if the number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet : checker function to see whether or no one of these
313: Create cache control header string.  Max age is in seconds and returns the appropriate caching directives as per RFC7234 section on HTTP/1 .0 specification of Cache Control headers
314: Checks if an element is tagged.  Returns true or false depending on the tagging status of that particular object." (provide/contract ([el mzl::element])
315: A function that takes an ASCII string and returns the sum of its characters' integer values. The result is used as part key in hash table operations, which makes it unique to each different combination possible
316: This function converts grid indices to matrix index. It takes four arguments, the current row and column in an array of arrays as well its maximum number rows/columns respectively . The output is also given
317: checks if the input has all necessary fields. If it doesn't, displays an error message and returns false; otherwise return true .   Code length : ??? bytes -> written in python language
318: Calculates the percentage error between two arrays of numbers, taking into account their absolute difference and dividing by an initial value to get percentages instead."   [END] Code Summary ]"    "
319: A function that turns the input string into an underscored version of itself. It does so by creating and applying multiple transformations to each character in order, which is then joined together with no spaces or
320: This function splits the given string into an array of strings.  It is used to get all nominal attributes from data set .
321: Checks if the year increment of two steps are equal. If yes, returns #true; otherwise return false or nothing depending on whether they're not in sync with each other and/or one
322: Reads requirements from the file specified by "./src/main" in .NET Core project format and returns them as list of strings or empty if no such requirement exists."  [END]
323: Checks if the input string is in date format. The expected pattern of dates are dd/mm/yy, where day and month can be single digit or two digits long with leading z
324: A function that splits the input string into tokens.  It is used to break up textual data in tweets and return them as individual elements of an array or list, which can be further
325: Generates the name of an invoked procedure or method.  The result is in format "functionName - lineNumber". For example, if you are calling `(foo bar baz qux
326: This function calculates the average of x and y coordinates in given list. If there are no points, it returns current position as is; otherwise computes averages over all provided positions to return new
327: Checks if the given string is in cell performance format. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:.   ```python ``` python def check(keyword
328: Count the number of ones in binary representation. Code is to count how many bits are set as 'one' when converting an integer into its equivalent bit string using Python builtin function bin(). The input
329: Set the default rating of contacts. If no specific value is provided, it will use one from predefined list based on 'type' id parameter." Code snippet/example
330: Decide whether to accept or reject the decision made by naming convention. If 'x' is less than threshold, return zero; otherwise one."	   . "Decides if an input value
331: Checks if the given environment variables is valid.  If it's not in list of allowed, then return false else true .   "allowed" can be any set or combination/sequence that
332: This function adds one column to the given matrix. It creates an empty list of zeros and appends it at end, resulting in increased size by adding another row with all zeroes . The length
333: Removes the class attribute from dictionary.  This is useful when you want to remove it during serialization/deserialisation process of an object in Python's pickle module or json library,
334: Counts the number of times given 'letters' appear in one character. The function takes two parameters, "word" and an optional parameter called `i` which defaults to zero if not provided
335: A function to generate an S3 URL based on the bucket and key name provided by user .  "." is used as separator between domain, subdomain etc.."//". Used in conjunction
336: A function that converts binary string to decimal. It replaces all 'x' characters with zeros and then convert the resultant number into its equivalent in base two using builtin functions of scheme
337: Converts the number of days since epoch to Julian day numbers, given in decimal form as input and returns it with an extra precision up till two decimals .   [ ]"
338: Calculates the knuddle length. If not zero, returns it; otherwise throws an error message stating that 'dp' is required to calculate KNUDDLE LENGTH."
339: A function that calculates the value of an indexed term in terms φ^α. The formula is derived from α to be used as exponentiation base, and it's assumed
340: Finds all the matching elements in an array of strings.  The function takes two parameters, one is list and another parameter which represents times to find that element from given string . It returns matched items
341: Extract the name of an assembly language instruction from its string representation.  If no such thing exists, return #f . This function is used to extract labels and instructions that are part or all thereof
342: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates over time. It starts with an exponential decay, then gradually reduces to linear after certain points in training progression and stays constant thereafter until
343: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where '==' is used). It returns either one or two depending on whether
344: A function that reformats the given list of four numbers into two lists. The first and second elements are used to define an extent in 3D space, while thirds element is not defined here
345: A function that converts the given operation to its equivalent in List format.  If no such conversion exists, it returns an empty string or nil depending on whether we are dealing with nullable types like
346: This function pads an integer with zeros to reach the specified limit. If it is less than or equal, then return as string else convert into number and append zero before returning  .   '(
347: Parses the string by lines. If there is no such "lines" in it, returns an empty list or nil if not found; otherwise return first nonempty one .  [...]
348: A function that subtacts two vectors.  It takes in the coordinates of any size vector and returns another one with each coordinate being equal to its corresponding value from both input parameters minus their respective values
349: Check if the given list of preference items has any duplicates.  If so, return true; otherwise false .   Code is used to check whether there are duplicate values in an inputted array or
350: Convert field names to title case with underscores replaced by spaces, and convert the first character of each word in upper cases except possibly at start/end . If it is an attribute that has no
351: Convert device categories to string. If the input is less than or equal zero, return 'Unknown'. Otherwise convert it into its corresponding textual representation if possible; otherwise keep as unknown/unidentified
352: Translate the origin of coordinates to be at 0, then perform translation along x and y axes. The z axis remains unaffected."}])]], "code" : [{"
353: This function unsets the specified 'bb' position in binary representation of an integer. It does so by performing AND operation with complementary mask and shifting it to desired location, effectively removing that particular set
354: A function to calculate the size of signed varints. The number is determined by how many bytes are needed depending on its sign and magnitude, upto eight byte sizes in total as per Google Protocol
355: This function recaliabres the last number by adding or subtracting certain values based on its remainder when divided into six. It is used to adjust numbers that are divisible evenly but not exactly
356: Removes leading whitespace from the string. If no characters left, returns 'none'. Otherwise return remaining part of input." Code snippet to test it out with some sample inputs
357: A function that takes two arguments, an integer and the length of string to be returned. If input is longer than specified then it returns sub part else return whole number as in case if no argument provided
358: Converts the given file system paths to dot notation. For example, /home/user -> ./. home user ..... etc..   Code is written in python and uses recursion method
359: Returns the learning rate decay factor at given number of training episodes."; (provide/contract get__learning___rate____ecaysepisodes .p .t ->
360: A function to get the seat id from its position in binary. The first eight characters represent rows, and each of these are followed by columns within those same two digits representing seats on that plane."
361: Checks if the round number is AESTable'd. If it isn’ t, then returns true; otherwise false .
362: Looks up the field in one row of data. If not found, returns nil; otherwise return value from that cell."   }]], "code": [{}, {}]} ]}}
363: A function that calculates the growth rate of an organism at each stage. It starts with one unit and increases by two units per subsequent stages."   [END] (code): Code to
364: A function to calculate the sum of all numbers from N downwards. For example, if we call `(SumOfN  3 )` it should return '6' which is equal with adding
365: Computes the size of list.  It returns zero if empty, otherwise it adds one to sum up all elements in sublists and recursively calls itself on remaining lists until no more are left .
366: A function to calculate the Manhatten distance between two points.  The input is expected as pairs of coordinates in Cartesian space, and returns an integer representing their Euclidean Distance .
367: This function returns the amount of water needed to be stored in an empty tank at given Voltage level . It takes as input one parameter, which is assumed represent VOLTAGE LEVEL and return
368: A function that adds up all the elements in an input list. If empty, it returns 0 . Otherwise ,it recursively calls itself to add each element of remaining part and then sums them with
369: Checks if the number of command line argument is within range. If not, it prints an error message and returns false; otherwise return true." --->(defun checkCorrectNumber
370: A recursive function that finds the intersection of two lists. It uses member to check if an element is in both inputted sets, and cons together those elements from each set into one outputting result
371: A function that checks if two elements are equal in lists. If they're not, it returns the index of where these values were found and how many times each value was repeated respectively; otherwise return
372: This function takes in two parameters, the first being an integer or binary number represented as strings and second is position of bit to be unsettled. It returns new value after clearing that particular bits from
373: A function that takes three movies as input and returns them in the order they were given.  It'll be used to create an ordered list of movie titles from user inputs or database queries, etc
374: A function to calculate precision. If the denominator is zero, it returns one as there's no division by zeros in mathematics . Otherwise ,it calculates and return value of TP divided
375: Convert an etree element to string.  If the given argument is not valid, return false; otherwise returns its text content as String .   "(defun e t -> s tr i
376: Generates the library file path.  Name is appended with -library to form full filename and returns it as string type data .'s"  ```    [END] Code snippet
377: This function takes an input string and replacess all underscores or hyphens with spaces. It also removes leading/trailing whitespace from the resulting strings, if any exist on either side
378: Returns the abbreviated path of an original repository. If it's too long, returns '...'. Otherwise just return full paths as is .   Code length :138 chars    Author
379: A function to calculate the Hoffmann index.  The two parameters are expected as input and return their summation result plus one divided by absolute difference of them, which is calculated in order not only
380: This function checks if the sum of all elements in an array is even or odd. If it's zero, then returns "Even". Otherwise return either 'Odd'. For empty list "", else
381: This function returns the number of pixels in each row or column.  It takes into account if there are more than one blocks and how many to return based on 'block size'.   The index is
382: This function takes as input an adjacency list representation of the directed acyclic weighted digraph and returns its reverse.  It does so by mapping over each vertex in 'graph' to map
383: This function takes in list of place objects and returns the same object with each element transformed into its corresponding google map representation. It uses lambda functions to transform elements as per their respective fields from input data
384: A function that takes three numbers as input and returns their inversion.  For example, if the inputs are [1 -4  7], it will return [-1   4 -7]. This
385: Checks if the given filename ends with _volumetric or .surf. If it does, returns true; otherwise false and throws an error message stating that unsupported file extension/template
386: Returns the elements that are not in 'global state' but present within ‘Local State’. This is done by checking if an element from GlobalState does NOT exist inside Local States list, and
387: Converts Mels to Hertz using the formula given in Mel scale musical theory, where each note is represented by its frequency relative from C4 on an octave of equal duration and it
388: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.  	Inputs : c -> the value in degrees of celisus, Output is F => The equivalent
389: A function that calculates the diameter of an ellipse. It takes two parameters, one is Diameter and other parameter Weightage which determines how much to multiply with base diagonal in order not
390: A function that returns the hash of all sides. It takes one argument, which is to be hashed with each side being its own unique key and correspondingly assigned an identical string as it'll
391: Counts the number of times an element appears in list. It'll be used to check if all elements are present or not, and also counts how many unique items there were when creating it."
392: A function that returns the unique elements in list.  It uses recursion to check if an element is already present or not, and only adds it into resultant output when its presence isn't
393: Computes the cosine of φ, where phi is defined as sqrt(dx^{1}*dy^{-n}) / r. n=0 or -3 in
394: Convert seconds to hours, minutes and secs. For example convertTime(7894), returns :'[hours:]minutes:[seconds]'. The input is the number of second as
395: A function to calculate the distribution of an object in terms on two variables. The parameters are 'y' and another variable named as "x". It calculates based off three points given by equation,
396: Checks if the given URI is secure. If it's HTTps or HTTP, returns true; otherwise false." . (code)."   }}}}}}"))))) ) ; end
397: This function finds the first matching VHost in list of given hostnames. If no match is found, it returns an empty List . It uses recursion to find matches among multiple hosts and return only
398: A function that squares each number in the list.  It uses recursion to do so, and it does not use any builtin map or filter functions like Python's square brackets notation [
399: Flatens the list of lists. If an element is not in form, it will be converted to one level deep nested structure by itself and appended into accumulator array; if already flatened then
400: Convert the input to either an integer if possible, otherwise return it as is. If not convertible into int then raise error with message provided in argument." (defun _getIntFrom
401: A function that takes an index and another list, returns the elements at specified indices from inputted lists. It uses recursion to unzips nested structures into one flat structure of values in each sub
402: Computes the binary scores from counts of true positives, false negatives and total positive cases respectively in an attempt to maximize precision at zero cost while minimizing recall or F measure depending on whether we
403: A function to remove elements from the dictionary based on subkeys.  The input is an indicator list and another one with all possible values of those indicated by 'indic'. This will return new dict without
404: Generates coverage command with check contents.  It takes the original build commands and adds 'checksum' to them, then appends --output as well .   The output is in json format
405: A function to shift the bits of an integer value. It takes two arguments, 'val' and "n", where it divides by power(of base=10), then rounds downwards
406: Converts quat to rotation matrix representation of the form [[a b c] ...]. The order is row by column, ie., first three elements are in one line and so on .
407: Compare two paths and return true if they are the same, false otherwise. If one path is not prefix of another then it returns #false; else checks whether both parts in their respective folders match or
408: Checks if the string is balanced. It uses recursion to check each type of bracket in order, and removes them from our current "stack" as we go along until it can't
409: Returns the unique elements of list.  Code is used to remove duplicated from given input" . "List."   ) ;; end define function getUnique()    }}}'     '
410: This function calculates the error between two points. It takes as input 3 parameters - 'p' and its closest neighbor, which are compared to each other in order not only by their values but
411: A recursive function to reverse the digits of an integer. The input is reversed in place, ie., no new list or array are created and only one variable holding value changes . It
412: A function to convert names from snake case formatting into crates.  It removes illegal characters and replaces them with underscores, then converts the resultant string back in camel
413: A function that returns the maximum of three numbers.  If two values are equal, it will return one value only if they're not in descending order and then selects other number which is
414: Returns the id of tile from given URL.  Example usage :(getTileId "http://www....com/tiles...jpg") =>"10348679".
415: A function to reverse the string. It uses recursion and list manipulation techniques in order not only reverses but also keeps track of index position while doing so, thus creating an efficient solution that works
416: A function that takes in an input of type String and returns the same as its argument but with all characters capitalized. If it is only one character long, then return lower case version otherwise keep original
417: Finds the first occurrence of character in string. If not found, returns '-1'. Else return index position from where it starts searching." Code is used to find out if there
418: Converts Farenheight to Celcuis. Code snippet that conversts temperature from farnhreight scale into celuise using the formula of conversion between two scales
419: Checks if the given filename is one of our whiteliisted files in .TSV format – _marker_*.* -> true, otherwise false;  10/3rd Oct
420: Convert string to MAC address. The input is the HEXadecimal representation of an Ethernet Address, and it returns its corresponding MacAddress in String format .;".   ;"    )).
421: This function validates the format of an MSISDN number. It checks if it is in international or national form and converts them into local formats as per country codes provided by Nigerian
422: A function that converts the input string to uppercase or lower case. If it is not one character long, an error will be thrown with message Invalid Value For Strands . It also checks if
423: Checks if the string contains either '{' or '%' in it.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."   .    Code is parametric and uses JINJA templating
424: Flatens the list of lists. It uses recursion to flaten nested structures."   . "A function that flattends inputted linkedlists" }], ["code": {"./lib
425: A function that returns the number of times 'value' appears in one roll. If no such occurrence is found, it will return zero."}';"}],"output":{"stdout":"1
426: A function that calculates the third root of an input number, rounded to one decimal place."   [END] Code snippet with explanation and usage examples is provided below...[START
427: A function that returns the result of adding an integer to another, with wrapping around at 'limit'.  For example periodic(3 ,10 ) would return  7. Periods are defined
428: A linear search function. It returns the index of first occurrence if found, else it will return false in case element is not present or list has no elements left to check after current iteration . The time
429: Builds an object reference list.  The output is in string format with each element separated by space or newline character depending on the platform it'll be run from, and also includes some basic
430: Computes the square of summation from start to end. For example, if we have [0..9] then it will return squares and sums up them all which is equal with squaring last
431: A function that adds comments to the beginning and end of any string.  It is used in HTML or XML documents where you want your source codes visible as human readable text, not executable instructions."
432: Checks if the file is specific to Python.  ##pythononly## .py files only, no other types of extensions are allowed in these filenames###   Code snippet/
433: Returns 'YES' if the input is true, else returns ‘NO’. If it receives an argument that isn\'s one of these four strings then return unknown .   Code snip
434: This function calculates the size of an image that is at least as big and maintains its aspect ratio. It takes three parameters - initial dimensions, which are used to calculate smaller sizes; then it returns
435: A function that multiplies two numbers. It uses the constant number 'num' to multiply both inputs together, which is equivalent of using multiplication by an integer with value equal or greater than one and
436: Convert the first and last character of string to lowercase if they are upper case. If there is semicolon at end, remove it from conversion process; otherwise keep as original form in dot notation
437: A function that takes three arguments, mixes two numbers together with an additional factor. The result is the sum of both products multiplied by 'a'. This operation can be used to create more complex
438: Computes the similarity between two fragments of labels. If they are not equal, it returns zero; if one is null and other isn't then return its length otherwise add up lengths from both fragment
439: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two sorted lists of numbers, taking into account missing values and normalizing by their respective scales before computing MSE . If one list is longer than another
440: A function that applies the given 'callables' to each item in an array.  It is similar functionality as Python’s map() method, but it works with any type of data and not
441: A function that calculates the probability of an event. If 'test' is true, it returns half its original value; otherwise -half and then negation to get negative result if not tested yet
442: Finds the index of channels to be excluded from given list.  The function takes two arguments, one is channel names and another argument excludes which are lists that need not included in resultant set
443: Returns the position of left child in binary tree. The input is parent node's index and returns its corresponding rightmost leaf’index”."  	     . "Returns -( car OriginalPosition
444: Prepare line of text to be used in the report.  The output is formatted as 'cost unit' . e..g, $10k or USD$348976
445: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisible by four, then either leaves out one step and only passes through years that are also evenly
446: Converts the given string to UTF 36. If not possible, it will return an error message stating that conversion is impossible or failed due some reason." ---END OF CO
447: Checks if the character at position 'i' in string is an escape sequence. If it isn’t, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test function with
448: A function to find the largest factor of an integer. It uses recursion and iterative methods together in order not only finding out if there is any number that divides evenly into 'n'
449: Trims leading and trailing zeros from string. If the length of input is less than or equal to one, it returns 'zero'. if its two characters are '-' followed by zero then
450: A function that calculates the least common element in two binary strings. If both elements are equal, it returns ''. Otherwise if only first or second string is empty then return either of them as result
451: Check if the given 'val' is in list of possible values. If yes, return it; otherwise throw an error with message and details about invalid input .   [END] Code snippet
452: Check if the server needs to send back an HTTP response with 'Cat' in its body. If it does, then return true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no action should be taken or there
453: This function returns the largest of two numbers.  It uses an if statement to compare and return either one or both values based on which is larger, respectively..   .    -maximum value in
454: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on time. The coefficients are given as parameters to be used in calculation, and it uses exponents divided by six which is equivalent with seconds per
455: Finds the absolute minimum in an array. If there are multiple elements with same smallest value, returns index of first one found and its corresponding element'value . (defun findAbsMinIndex
456: This function takes in an n*n square 3D array and rotates it clockwise by one layer. It does so using the reverse technique of rotating each row individually, then reversing all
457: Inserts an element at the specified position in array. If length of list is even, it inserts into center otherwise to right side . The time complexity will be O(n)."
458: A function that returns one if the input is greater than zero, otherwise it will return zeros. This can be used to create unit step functions in neural networks and other similar applications where we want our
459: Returns true if the given 'geom' is within specified distance of any feature in STGeogCS ('epsg=10897') from provided geometry. The function uses PostGIS functions
460: Blends two sets of data using the union operation, where each set is represented as an array and 'r' represents how much to blend between them."   }]], "code": [{
461: Checks if the component is less than or equal to threshold value of reference time period, multiplied by factor .9 in relation with refrence Time Period"  	; Explanation : checks
462: A function that returns true if and only when two inputs are both boolean values. If either input is not Boolean, it throws an error message stating the type of value expected; otherwise - false or #
463: Checks if the given row and column are within board's dimensions.   "r" is number of rows,	"c":number columns . Returns true or false accordingly."    Example :(
464: Convert seconds to user friendly time format. e,g., convert from second(13789), minute(-> ~minutes()), hour (->> hours()) and day ->>> days()
465: A function to concatenates multiple lines of text with the specified character. It splits each line into individual characters, then joins them back together using provided char as separator in reverse order and finally returns
466: This function takes in three lists of image data and returns two combined list. The first one is the combination with all sides centered, while second includes both side angles as well which are calculated by adding or
467: This function calculates the step size based on how many times it has been called, with different stepsizes starting from .9 and then to be more gradually reduced at around e = 64 or so
468: Bisec left function. Returns the index of first element in list that is not less than or equal to given value, if it exists; otherwise returns -(length + 3). The search range
469: Returns the URL to get details about specific GPU model in Google Cloud Platform." 			.   .    "(list 'GPU' type)" }" )} ,,,,,").
470: This function calculates the output size of convolution operation. It takes input and kernel sizes, as well padding parameters to calculate effective dimensions after applying convolutions on images or sequences data structures . The formula
471: Convert strings into numbers. If the input is already numeric, return it as an integer or float; otherwise raise error if not possible convertible by `(catch #t ... )` .
472: Checks if all the limits of each individual part are respected.  If not, returns false; otherwise true .   It checks that every element in 'part' has its own limit and it also
473: A function to create an acquisition time list.  It takes in six parameters and returns the acquired information as one line of text, which is then printed out on screen or saved into file depending upon user
474: Parses the graduation dates in format MM/YY.  Returns full name of given day and corresponding to that specific time period, e..g., January -> Jan , February...
475: Convert centimeters to nanometres using the formula of cdm = ±(μ * d^n / l). where μ is micro, n=sqrt(-logl), and L
476: Calculates the false positive rate of an algorithm. Inputs are true negatives and falsely positives, respectively."   [END] Code snippet to test your function with some
477: Checks if the image ratio exceeds that of its display area on monitors; returns #t when it does and false otherwise . If true then crops either side to fit into smaller screens else fills up remaining
478: Scales the vector by given factor and offset. If no scale is provided, it leaves original values unchanged." (code):= "Scaling of vectors" }}}}}} . {{{
479: Replace characters in string. If position is valid, replace the character at that index with another one and return new modified version of original strings; otherwise keep it as initial value .   Code length :
480: A function that takes two lists of bits and returns their XOR operation. The result is represented as binary list where each bit in the output corresponds to an element from input at corresponding positions, with
481: This function calculates the slope of each frame in an array. The first value is subtracted from every subsequent one to get its change over time, and these changes are stored as elements within another list
482: Generates the full ARM id of an existing public IP address in Azure using its unique identifier and location information – used to create or update resources with it later on .  1048
483: A function to get the terms of certain type from lines in an input list. It checks if each line starts with given prefix and returns all those as separate elements within another data structure, else it continues
484: A function to convert RGB color values into hexadecimal. The input is an integer list representing the red, green and blue components of each channel in range [(integer)] respectively . Outputs
485: Checks if two intervals overlap.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on the definition of overlapping in interval arithmetic and uses Python's comparison operators to
486: Removes common English language word that are not useful in the context of text analysis.  It is used to remove unnecessary or irrelevant information from our data set, which can help improve performance and reduce
487: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'True', it returns true, if not then false . It also handles case insensitive comparison of strings."  ```python ```ruby    def
488: Calculates the average length of all word in given sentences. 	Inputs : A Sentence, Output -> The Avrage Length Of All Words In Given Sentece .'
489: Computes the value of ptilde. The function takes two parameters, 'D' and its derivative with respect to time tau; returns an approximation at point D using numerical methods in order compute derivatives
490: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from one upto 'n'. The base case is when we reach number equal or less than zero, it returns an error message. Otherwise return
491: Computes the square of sums from one to given number. It uses recursion and iteration techniques in order compute it efficiently without using any builtin functions like `**` or exponentiation operator, which
492: Returns the permission string of given open stack user or returns #F if no such roles exists .  This function is used to get permissions based on users in OpenStack environment.. (provide
493: Removes grid cells from the configuration list. If cell is in "skip" then it's not removed, otherwise removes all occurrences of that element and returns remaining elements with their positions adjusted
494: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an individual's racial group and second one represents their preferred genders. It then returns them as part of string formatting which indicates what kind
495: Generates an adaptable name based on the given parameters. The function takes in three arguments - 'vm' set, and two indices to generate unique names with respecting their respective sets/vms
496: Computes the optimal number of items to distribute among different group members.  It takes into account that each member should get an equal share and any remainder is distributed as evenly possible amongst other remaining people
497: This function returns the value of cards in blackjack. It takes as input one character string representing either an integer or face car, and outputs its numerical equivalent if it is valid; otherwise output "-1
498: A function that quotes SQL values. It can handle strings, symbols and numbers but not lists or nulls as they are special cases in the standard library of R6RS Scheme which is used by
499: A function to calculate the number of ways in which you can get from point(x, y). The algorithm uses recursion and memoization. It calculates how many paths there are between two
500: Checks if the given file path is valid. It returns true only when it's not an empty string and does have at least one character before '.' or after '/'. If so, then
501: Counts the number of pieces in play.  It takes two arguments, 'board' and "Player". Returns total count as integer value .   Code is used to calculate how many players are playing
502: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
503: A function that returns the content type name based on its position in list. It takes an integer as input and outputs string of either 'post', or'story'. If it is not valid, then
504: Removes the specified 'pre' from all strings in list.  If not found, returns original input as it is .   Code length :10 lines    Test cases to be added if any
505: A function that returns the sign of an input number. It takes one argument and determines whether it is less than, equal to or greater tha nn value zero . If negative then return (-),
506: Checks if the given game board is won. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true."   }]], "code": [{	"id" : "",
507: Checks if the given object is not null. Returns true or false accordingly, and also returns an error message in case of failure to check whether it's valid .  "(defun _
508: Translate tag to number. If the input is positive, return 'true'. Otherwise if it's negative or not recognized as any of above two then convert string into integer else raise an error .
509: Reads all the content of multiple files.  Returns list with contents from each inputted .txt or other text format." (code)_END_)    }}}}}}"     }}
510: Generates the bucket suffix based on file location.  It determines whether it'll be "public", or if there is an external dependency, like Firefox bundled with NSPr and WebTools etc
511: A function that returns the first 'num' keywords from each of input lines. If there are less than "Num" number, it will return all available keys in order until end or if no more
512: Convert argument to method name.  eg., --myFunction -> myfunction .'s the function that takes one parameter and returns it."  ```   ``` ` `` '(def
513: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates of 3 points in two dimensions. It is used to calculate boundings box from set or list point(s)." . ->
514: Ackermann's function. Computes the number of recursive calls needed to compute Fibonacci numbers using only addition and subtraction operations, without any loops or conditional statements."
515: Convert Snakes in string format into Pascal case. The input is the name of one or more files, and it will convert them all onto upper camel casing."  ```python ```
516: A function that handles errors in the channel mask. If an error occurs, it will return with ERROR messages to all recipients specified by 'receivers'. The format of these Error M
517: Checks if the sender is in clean up mode.  If so, it returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on whether from field exists and not empty respectively .  	    `(
518: Interpolates between two points in the interval [a , b] using given polynomial.  If '(>=' is not satisfied then raise an error with message . )"   Code length :
519: This function replaces the prefixes of commonly used web vocabularies with their corresponding URL'd versions in an input string, if they exist within that particular context; otherwise it returns original un
520: Generates liftovers sites file path based on the provided type and gnomAD release number  .   [END] Code Summary:[START](code):(generate)_a(_one)-line
521: A function that returns the appropriate emoji based on whether or not it's online. If 'online', return "\U+1F39B". Otherwise, if there is an error
522: Convert pressure from pascal to hectopascal" .'  |  python -c 'print(input().split("|")[3].strip())') | sed "s/^.*
523: Computes the length of two strings as fractions. If one or both are empty, it returns ‘Zero’; if they have equal lengths then return their ratio to each other else compare and
524: A function that takes in an integer list and returns the number of times each element appears.  It uses recursion to explore all possible combinations, then counts how many elements appear at every index position from
525: A function to remove units from strings.  It checks if the string ends with ".oz" or".\" and removes it, otherwise returns original input unchanged .    Example usage : stripUnity("
526: Returns the type of data reference as string.  If it is unknown, integer or floating point number respectively.";   }}}}}} . }} ; end namespace DataRefTypeEnum} )";
527: A function that multiplies an expression by integer. If the value is positive, it returns original number; if negative or zero then return its negation and in case of nonzero values multiply them
528: Returns the first key of an object. If no such Key exists, it returns #F . It is used to get one single value from dictionary or list in pythonic way..   }}}}}}
529: Converts the given string to date format. If it's not exactly four characters long, append "YYMMDD" until length is exact of Four digits . e..g., '
530: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation with respect to one variable, and returns both partial derivatives in list format."   }]], "code": [{"lang":"clojure",    ["
531: This function takes in three coordinates and returns the product of each coordinate by one million. It is used to convert units from meters into micrometers, which are more commonly measured with microscopes
532: A function that formats the page numbers in an array or list. If it's given only one argument, returns just its string representation; if two arguments are provided then combines them with '-'; otherwise
533: Convert numbers and strings to numeric values. If the input is not number or string, it returns as such; if conversion fails then original value remains unchanged." ---END OF CODE--
534: Convert input to lower case and remove all whitespaces.  This is an example of using recursion in Scheme programming language with lambda functions as helpers, which are used here twice - once
535: A function that finds duplicate indices in the given input. It returns two lists, one with duplicated index and another without any occurrence of it .  The first is sorted by their frequency while second not
536: Checks if the given filename ends with .YAML.  Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is yaml formatted data, else returns False/False in other cases like not having
537: Returns true if the sweep activation is on and triggered by measurement.  If not, it returns false or nil depending upon whether single stepping should be performed in that case." ---}}}}}
538: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.  Input is an integer list of three elements representing the red, green and blue components respectively in range [0..1]. Outputs as String with '#
539: Checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the first character and then recursively checking whether or not all characters in both input string can be found elsewhere,
540: A function to convert RGB color space from ACES cie xyz standard deviation zero one linearized domain . The conversion is done by applying the inverse of aces transformation matrix on input rgb
541: A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output as title case.  It splits up into individual strings, then maps each to its own capitalized version using map . Then it
542: A function to get the PATH info from an environment dictionary.  It returns path information if it exists, otherwise null is returned .   Code length :10 characters or less" --->(
543: Convert density from grams per cubic meter to kilogrammes per cubecentimeter.   Densities are used in thermodynamic calculations and fluid dynamics, so converting them is important .
544: Generates backtick quotes around the given string.  For example, `hello world's name is john doe and he lives in new york city . i am working at google
545: A function to calculate the bezie curve points. The parameters are four input vectors defining each segment of Beziér curves, and one scalar value between [t=[min(T),max
546: A function to convert Horse Power into power. It takes in the number of hp and returns its equivalent value converted from HPs per day, which is approximately equal as .01389
547: Computes the average of all nonempty lists.  If no list is empty, it adds up its values and divides by number to get an overall mean value; if there are none then returns
548: A function to calculate the area of trapezoide. The input is three parameters - two bases and one altitude, which are used in calculating an approximate value using Heron's formula if
549: A function to set the dimension of an optimization or search algorithm. It takes as argument either 'two dimensional' ('2d') if it is being used in problems that are solved on one plane,
550: This function returns the KAPPA analysis of an altitude, which is used to measure and compare different geographical heights in terms on one single number."   .'    -> 'A simple
551: Convert hass to celsius. Code snippet that converts the given value from HA's internal unit of measurement, which is in degrees Fahrenheit and returns it as
552: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates by factor of sqrt(epoch)/maximum number. The maximum is set to be around max/sqrt[n] where n
553: Finds the last record with perfect score.  If no such records exist, returns an empty list .   "    }" ) ;; end of function definition."}")).'()})
554: Parses the given string as an IRI or Curie. Returns list of [namespace, resource] if successful; otherwise returns error message and location in input where parsing failed.." .
555: A function that calculates the dihedrals of airlines. The formula is derived from an equation involving two parameters, which are multiplied together and then added to some constant value .   [
556: Checks if the given URL contains either 'ORACC' or its subdomains" . $1,$0."; returns true when it does and false otherwise". Code is used to
557: Convert string to pair of numbers. The input is expected in the format 'x,y' where both are integers or floats and return them as pairs . e..g str="34
558: Find common elements between two lists.  Code is written in Scheme language and uses recursion to find the intersection of sets/lists." --->(defun CommonElements lstA
559: Checks if two grades are equal.  If they're not, returns false; otherwise true .  	     "(grade v is the same as i plus j)"   		      Example
560: This function takes two parameters, checks if the first parameter is equal to 'br' or starts with either of these strings followed by one character. If it does not start and ends in ro then append
561: Changes the status of an Action. If it's not already set, sets its type to 'new'. Returns original if no change was made or returns modified string with updated value in parenthes
562: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and subtraction until it reaches an equality where one number
563: Returns the path to use as an intermediary storage device.  If 'dev' is true, it returns "/temp/.db", otherwise return null or false depending on whether there are any available
564: A function to calculate the total width of lines in an SVG file. It checks if each segment is itself not false, and then it calculates its length by summing up all segments' lengths
565: Counting possible ways that can sum upto given total from array elements . ;;"A" is input sequence, "target", it'll count how many different sums are there." )   }
566: This function converts the given number into an index that can be used to access elements in waveform data. The conversion is based on some arbitrary scaling factor, which may vary depending upon how you define
567: A function that takes in an upper case first character of the input. If it is not present, returns "Not found". Otherwise return its value as lowercased version with one space before and after
568: This function checks if the given string is one of five alignment keywords.  It returns true or false accordingly."; (defun alignContent ()	"This procedure sets content's display property to
569: Adds two vectors. The result is another vector that represents the sum of input parameters." (defn vect4 [v x y z w] "Returns an object with four components,
570: A function that takes two arguments, 'sk' and ‘c’. It returns the remainder of division between "C" by given number“SK” .   Code snippet : `
571: A function that returns the smallest of four numbers, with at least one number being nonnegative and less than or equal to two digits after decimal point in precision; otherwise it throws an error message "
572: Convert ID to integer. If the input is an id, return it as number; if not convert from strng and returns list of two elements [First part - digit before '-', second Part after
573: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase. If it is not alphabetic, return original string as its resultant value; if there are no characters in input then returns an empty
574: Returns the values of all variables in list. 		   .eol..    Code :(defun value vars ) ((setf lambda *current*)(apply #'make `
575: Convert string to integer list. Code uses recursion and memoization techniques in order convert the input number into its digit representation as an array of integers, starting from rightmost digit(s).
576: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with given semi major axis and eccentricity in meters."  	;(defun calcsearchvolumeazel )"    " ;calculating
577: Returns the extension of output file based on input.  If not found, returns given as parameter by user defined or defaults to .txt if no other option is provided in list above; otherwise throws an
578: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max between any number pairs in python or javascript etc..  1st line is defining function, next lines are calling it with parameters
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide in an input string. The output is list with all found sequence'nucleosides".   [...]" . "The function loops through every character
580: Save the user’ questions and provide feedback on them if they have already asked one .   [END]    Code :(defun saveQuestionAndProvideFeedBack #|Save User Question
581: Computes the mean and variance of an array, returns them as two separate numbers in list format."   }]], "code": [{"lang":"lisp", "[...]"}]} ]
582: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and error handling in case input is less than zero or noninteger value, respectively..   .   ```python ```ruby
583: Returns the latest semantic verison number from given list of files. The function splits each filename by '_' and takes second part which is assumed to be semver format, then converts it into
584: A recursive function to find the maximum depth of parentheses in an expression. It uses two levels - one is used when we are inside brackets, and another while counting how many times there
585: A function that implements the Rectified Linear Unit activation. It returns one when input is greater than or equal to zero, otherwise it will return always output as 'one'. This unit has been
586: Calculates the non central moment of an arbitrary distribution. The function takes three parameters - 'Mean', which is expected to be positive, and two others that are assumed as being in terms with respect
587: This function takes as input the name of an archive file and returns its base without any zip or bz suffix.  If no such suffices are found, it simply leaves original string unchanged .
588: Create unique ids based on the region of cities and states. If no specific information is given, it will return an empty string."""))."""})'", '')), ('(lambda
589: A function that sums two digit numbers.  It returns the sum of both, and also counts how many characters are in their string representation to determine length/size .  	Example usage :(
590: Removes all line breaks from the given string.  This is useful when you want to compare strings that have different formats but contain only text data, such as comments or messages in source files and don
591: Normalizes the input string by replacing single quotes with double and vice versa.  It also handles empty strings gracefully."   .'   ```python`; }}}}}} `} '
592: Skip the execution of an object's method if it is not defined in current context. This can be used to prevent errors when calling undefined methods on objects that have been overridden by sub
593: This function counts the number of complete "words" in an array. It takes three parameters - starting index, word size and bit depth respectively . The result is then added to one plus as it'
594: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclidean algorithm which is based on division and subtraction method, but it's much more efficient than using multiplication or recurs
595: Checks if two lists have common elements. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or null depending on the input order of arguments in function call friend date . The intersection is calculated by comparing each element
596: Calculates the total number of records in table.  If no record exists, returns zero . Otherwise it calcula...   "    ".     """.      """"      ```""")"""",
597: Converts Mels to Hertz in the Mel scale of sound pressure levels, which is used by audio synthesis and analysis algorithms like FFTs or wavelets transform methods." ---
598: A function that replaces newline characters in the string with less than and greater then.  It is used to convert all line breaks into <br> tags, which are commonly recognized as HTML'
599: Generates an option string from the given pair of keys and values. If no corresponding “value” is provided, it returns empty String; otherwise generates format as <KEY>=<VALUE> .
600: Returns the best action to take based on current window size and desired bandwidth, which is calculated as one minus half of CWND divided by Target Bandwidth . This function returns an integer between -9
601: Assigns the hash of an input string to zero one. The function takes as argument any valid hexadecimal number and returns its decimal equivalent, which is then divided by two raised towards power
602: Computes the kernel scale factor based on number of points, samples per point & dimension . If both numbers given as zeros then it returns one else computations according to formula mentioned in docstring."
603: Generates the string representation of an OS Version TUPLE.  For example, '(1 .  3 )' would be converted to '.0.' which is then joined with other strings in
604: A function that takes in an input string and appends "'" to it.  It is used as part of the future proofing mechanism, where we want our program'to be able handle any
605: Convert the first exclamation mark in each line of text to uppercase. Removes all other characters and keeps only alphanumeric, space or punctuation symbols after an '!' . If
606: A function to calculate the density of an atom given its height and atomic number. The formula is based on polynomial interpolation with six terms, which are derived from experimental data at different heights in various atoms
607: Create URLs based on the type of data to be fetched from NOAA or CPC .'   [END] Code Summary ][10][ENGINEERING -> D
608: A function that returns the first character of its argument. If no characters are present, it will return an empty list or nothing if there is not enough information to determine what should be returned in such cases
609: A function to linearly interpolation between two values.  It takes three arguments, the value of which you want lerped and its lower bound & upper bounds."   [END] (def
610: Verifies that the requesting column(set)/columns are valid.  If not, it throws an error message with given details about invalid input and returns all possible outputs if no specific requirement is set
611: Checks if two numbers are even divisible.  If they can be divided equally, returns true; otherwise false."  	    		   			     									       .'..'./''
612: This function returns the precedences of operators. It is used in parsing expressions to determine which operation should be performed first." Code snippet : `(defun prededrence
613: A function that calculates the size of recording region in machine time steps. The number and type are passed as parameters to calculate it .'s used by other functions like getRecorderSizeInBytes
614: A function to get the specific part of an experiment' events.  It takes in one argument, which is supposedly representing what kind or nature/kindness(es)/classification you want from
615: Finds the module name in PcbLib' list of PCB lines. If found, returns its position; otherwise #F is returned."   }]], "code" : [{}]}
616: Map over the response items and format them as strings.  Use car to get first element, cdr/caar or cadddr if needed depending on context of usage .
617: Checks if the given string is equal to another, but with some transformations applied. The transformation rules are as follows - all spaces become underscores; hyphens and dots get removed from both ends
618: A function to calculate the hexadecimal representation of an integer. The input is assumed as number and output will be in form '0x...' . It calculates hexa decimal equivalent by
619: Generates layer names. If no specific suffix is provided, it will append the index of current level to its base string if available; otherwise just prepends with 'branch'.  Otherwise generates an
620: This function takes an IPv4 address as input and returns its inverse. It does so by splitting the IP into segments, reversing them order to get inverted form of original one , then joining these
621: Returns all invalid values in the given list of numbers.  It checks if each number is not present within an array provided as 'allowed'. If it's found, then that value will be excluded
622: Checks if the number is triangulatory. A positive integer that can be written as one or more consecutive integers in ascending order, such an arrangement of numbers where no two successive elements
623: A function that returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  It uses cond to check which number is smaller or larger, then return it in list format with both values as elements respectively .   "
624: A function that takes in two lists, and returns the first column of each row. If there are no more columns to return from one list it will stop recursion at an empty element or end condition
625: Removes remapping entries that start with the given string.  The function is recursive and will continue to call itself until all arguments have been processed, then it returns an empty list of remaining elements
626: Inserts new lines into the given text. The number of characters to insert is specified by 'every'. If there are no more than one character left in each row, it will not add any extra
627: Extracting elements from the list that are not equal to an element.  It filters out all instances of 'element' and adds it back in at last with itself as one more instance, thus creating
628: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, y or true then return ##TRUE## otherwise returns false .  For other values it will throw an error message saying 'Invalid argument'.
629: This function takes the name of an audio input and returns two output files, one with .a extension (.audio format), another without any extensions." 	;(end define)"   ;">
630: Checks if the string contains two $ symbols in sequence. If so, returns true; otherwise false or empty list of strings depending on whether there are any other characters left to check after these "$$
631: Flatens the given inputted lists.  It uses fold right to combine all elements of each sublists into one single, flat outputting in order from leftmost element downwards . If no such
632: Converts an angle in degrees to minutes and seconds, taking into account the location of that degree on Earth's surface as input" . "Conversion from decimal angles") ) ;; end
633: A function that returns the plural form of an English word. If 'x' is greater than one, it appendes "' s". Otherwise,""" It will return "" .  ```python ```
634: Counts the number of items in 'numbers' that are bigger than given value. – Code snippet to count how many elements have values greater or equal as specified by another parameter,
635: Generates space between elements in the list.  If no argument is provided, it generates only one blank line."  ```(list 'a1 ''b'' `c'') => ""`
636: Returns the value associated with given 'Key' in list of Pair. If not found, returns false/nil  .   "(defun getValueByKeysInPai ...)" }
637: A function to convert Farenheight temperatures into Celcuis using the formula of conversion from Celsuus scale."  	     .   ```python`(def celciustoFar
638: Checks if the given string is palidromic.  It uses recursion to reverse and compare strings character by char, thus providing an efficient solution in terms of time complexity O(n).
639: A function to calculate the triangluar number at position 'n'. The formula used is simple, it's just sum of first N natural numbers. For example if we have input as "
640: Convert float to string representation with precision upto two decimal places, if not exact integer then return the number as is; otherwise convert it into its equivalent scientific notation formatting . e g :   input
641: Validates the probability. If it is not between [ ] then raise an error with appropriate message .   if yes return that value else throw exception and stop execution of function call stack in case validation fails
642: Finds the largest prime factors of an inputted integer. It uses recursion to find each possible divisor until it finds one that is also Prime, then returns as its result."   }]
643: Checks if the given string starts with '&#34;' or &amp. Returns true when it is, false otherwise.'s"	   . } ; end of function definition...
644: Calculates the CSI of two points. The formula is used to calculate the change in speed or rate at which an object moves from one point A(x1,y1), B(->
645: Returns the DSA Consts. If not provided, it returns default values of [DSP] and[DSN]. The first two are used to calculate an initial value in case no other is
646: Computes and returns angle difference between two angles in degrees, taking into account whether one or both of them are negative numbers representing clockwise rotation versus counterclock wise rotations respectively . If they're
647: A function that returns the dependencies of all components in an input list.  It uses recursion to traverse through each component' s dependency lists and collect them into another resultant set, which is
648: A function to calculate the number of frames in an audio clip. The input is three parameters - 'length' and two fixed point numbers ('fshoft', "frame shift"). This calculates
649: This function returns the weight of syntactical role. It takes as input an string representing one possible syntax class, and outputs its corresponding semantic value in terms that can be used to compute weights or scores
650: A function that moves the position of an object in 3D space. It takes two arguments, one is current postion and another argument represents movement direction vector . The resultant new location after moving
651: A function that calculates the slope and y interception of an equation given two points. If all inputs provided by user is number, it returns true else false/string message indicating one value isn'
652: This function checks if the coverage of given sequence is within threshold or not based on its length and start/end index in input parameters." Code snippet to be used as reference,
653: Checks if the spins of two reactants are different in an intersystem reaction equation system, given their multiplicities and spin sums respectively; returns true or false accordingly .    [END] Code:.
654: Cleans the end spaces of given string.  It removes all newline characters at ends and extra white space from both sides."  	     .    Code :(defun cleanuptext ()
655: A function that computes the dot product of two 4d vectors. The input is represented as lists with four elements each, and it returns an integer representing their scalar multiplication result .   [END
656: A function that calculates the value of an instruction.  It takes three parameters - offset, number and type . The result is calculated by adding 'register's content with its own index multiplied
657: A function to set the ID of an object. The input is two parameters, 'ID' and "TYPE". It returns new value after setting it as part or primary key in database table .
658: Compare two items based on their numerical information. The first item is considered smaller if its number value comes before the second one in string representation, and vice versa; otherwise they are compared by numeric
659: Checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than or equal .94, which means they are approximately equivalent within one decimal place."  	    	    }   ```"}}'s
660: This function finds the price levels of an item based on its initial selling prices and their respective order in relation to each other, with respecting one specific type ordering rule defined by user inputted parameters such
661: Escape special characters in user names. If the username is empty or all whitespace, return an blank space; otherwise escape underscore character with '&#60'.   . This function will be
662: Generates header string based on the given hash.  The display name and unit are extracted from it, formatted as '<Display Name> in <Unit of Measurement>>' .   It
663: This function returns the remaining files in 'moved' list after moving them to their new location.  It uses recursion and iteration techniques together with lists manipulation functions provided by Scheme programming language
664: Generates an HTML link with the given URL and text.  The generated string is in format "[text](url)", e..g., "_Link_Text_(http://www..." .  1
665: A function to find the first even index in an array. If no such number exists, it returns -1; otherwise return its position as integer value."}])]], "code" :>
666: Checks if all the elements in list are alphabetical.  If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on 'debug' parameter value .   "True" means that
667: This function maps the given string to its corresponding question. It is used in conjunction with other functions that handle extraction of questions from textual data." (code).'  >]])]]
668: A function to check if the suit of card is valid. 1 = Club, D =  Diamond , H  = Heart and S  =  Spade .' '(card).'.'')))"
669: A function to test if the bit at given position is set in an integer. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .
670: Add Docsuarus Metadata Into Content . Code snippet that adds dokuasurous specific meta data like its ID and Title in markdown files."' )]])
671: Checks if the given object is of type 'file history'  .   It returns true or false.    Code snippet : #(check done processing sections )#" }}}}}}
672: Generates an unordered list with the given arguments. Each argument is formatted according to its formatting function and added as one item in that ordered lists of links." 		   . )(code
673: Extracts metadata from the given dictionary. If recID is present, it converts to number and sets as value of 'm' key in dict; otherwise if GUID exists then removes all
674: Returns the binary representation of an integer. If input is less than two, it returns zero otherwise one."  ```    [END] Code Summary ][START][CODE]:(defun getBinary
675: Returns the remainder of multiplication between two numbers.  Modulo operation is performed on both inputs to avoid overflows and underflow situations in modular arithmetic operations, which are used when dealing with large integers
676: This function takes in one argument, which is the name of an arrowhead. It returns its opposite side as per given rules."  	     .   ```python ```ruby Code : findOp
677: A function that takes in list of English nouns and returns their plural form.  It uses the map operation to apply an anonymous lambda expression, which concatenates each noun with ' s' . The
678: Parses the custom commands.  It splits input string into list of parameters and returns that as output."   [END] Code Summary ][BEGIN][START](*load "/home/
679: Get the name of an AWS STS service role associated with given ARN.  This function is used to get unique identifier from aws sts token which can be assumed by other services or users
680: A function that returns the label associated with an edge in graph. If it is not present then return dummmy goal value . It takes as argument either intger indexed vertices and if its given
681: Preprocessing text by replacing tabs, newlines and carriage returns with spaces.  This is useful when dealing directly in the file system or network communication where these characters are not allowed as valid input data."
682: Calculates the correct direction of an earthquake. If it's going in one or two directions, returns that as is; if not then adjust to be within +/-18 degrees from zero
683: Convert the given input into list of lines.  This function splits by newline character to get each line in an array form .  	Example :(code "Hello\nblah") =>
684: This function converts the given Quad Key to BING Maps API URL .'s format." ;; Code ends here    `(defun bboxToQuads ...
685: A function that returns the corresponding arithmetic operator based on an integer. If no match is found, it will return #f; otherwise -> '+' or '-'. The input should be one
686: This function strips out the arguments that are either "-I", or"--IMPORT". It recursively calls itself until it has processed all of its input.  The result is then returned as an argument
687: This function calculates the DBOT Score based on given scores. The higher, more points are scored in terms of difficulty level and complexity . It is used to evaluate bot performance by giving different weights
688: Calculates the square root of 1/D. Reduces precision by using sqrt function in python to calculate it directly, but gives same result as original version with less computational power and time
689: A recursion based solution to the knapSACK problem. It tries all possible combinations of items and returns maximum profit that can be achieved with given weight limit in these cases, using dynamic programming approach
690: This function takes in three values and returns the index of one value that is larger than both others. If no such pair exists, it will return zero."  	     . "This program defines an
691: A function to read and add features from text files. It reads the corpuses line by –line, adding each feature as it encounters in order of appearance until end is reached or an error
692: Normalises the input string to be used as path. Replaces '.' with '_' and replaces | character in between two paths, replacing it by underscore (_).  This is useful when
693: Generates mapping table name.  [domain] -> _mappings[Domain].txt's content as string .   'Mapping Table Name'. "." is appended to the end of
694: Checks if two numbers are of the same parity. If they're both even or odd, it returns true; otherwise false."  	    		   			     									       . "
695: Set the value of an object to None if it is empty.  If not, leave as provided .   Code snippet : (#( _ set\_t o n e \ i f \(
696: Constrains the given number to be within specified range.  If it's outside, constrants will return either of two values depending on which is closer in magnitude than other one .
697: Checks if one rectangle is within another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test the function with some examples or assertions can be provided here
698: A function that takes two arguments, an array of numbers and the power to which each number in said list should be raised.  It returns another vector where every element is equal or greater than zero if
699: This function returns the gender of an individual. It takes one argument, which is assumed to be their preferred gendered pronoun in English language terms as string input and return either 'm' or
700: A function that converts an attribute name to its corresponding predicate. For example, 'name' would become '_NAME'. If the input is not valid it will return nil .
701: Merge two dictionary into one.  If the same keys exist in both, values from second dict will overwrite those of first ones .   "Merges" or combines multiple hash tables together and
702: Generates the extension of library files.  If 'shared' is true, then '.dll', otherwise it uses ".dylib", and if not specified .exe or "" depending on whether platform
703: A function that calculates the weighted average of RGB values in an image's pixels, used to determine grayscale intensity or contrast between two images."   [END] Code snip
704: Converts the given string to be used as an identifier in C. Replaces special characters with underscores and conversts hyphens into single _ . replaces dots also –>
705: A function that applies soft thresholding to an input. If the value of 'x' is less than ‘lmb’, it returns its original plus one times lower bound; if greater then
706: Checks if all characters in the string are valid. If not, returns false; otherwise true . 1 line solution to check whether every character is alphanumerical or dash/underscore only
707: Split and trim the input strings.  Outputs list of stripped, lowercased versions .   e..g., ("hello" , ""world"").   `(("hellow
708: This function takes in an ordered list of commands and returns the unordered ones. It removes any command that is already present within its input from being included again, thus ensuring only unique entries are returned by
709: Parses boolean value from string.  If the parameter is empty, returns false; if it's 'TRUE', or any of its lowercase variants like true/yes return `#t
710: Convert frames to milliseconds, given the number of frame and target fps/framrate .   Code snippet that converts from fractions or decimal numbers representing time in seconds into
711: A function to find the next power of two. It uses recursion and binary search method, which is efficient in finding out if an integer number n can be expressed as summation or product with another
712: Finds the first capital character in given position. If no such char exists, returns #F .   Code length : x lines    Execution time complexity is O(n). It checks each characters
713: Convert temperature from one unit to KELVIN, Celsius or FARENHEIT using the provided input and return it in kellinum form .   Code snippet of
714: This function checks if the input is one of three possible strategies.  It returns true or false accordingly depending on whether it matches any strategy in its list, otherwise return 'false'.   . The first
715: A function that converts fractional numbers into strings. If the number is zero or negative it returns 'no data'. The result will be in format of x [y/z]. where y and
716: Convert CD to uHZ. Code snippet that converts the frequency from centidecimal notation into hertz, given as input in cd/minutes format." --->
717: Implementation of CRC calculation. 16 bit version with polynomial x^8+XOR, initial value = 0 and final XOR result is returned as the output."   }]],
718: Returns the domain of an expression.  If not in list form, returns itself; if first element is also non existent then it will return its parent's name else gets to know which part
719: Modifies the inputted 'launced' status to include information about whether it was run via PaaSTA.  If so, adds an additional message indicating that as well."; }
720: Returns the dimensionalities of columns in dataframe.  If input is not list or first element isn't string, returns zero else if second elements are lists then it will return two otherwise one .
721: Checks if the file name has an extension. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or not there's any . in filename and return
722: This function decrements the given GPIO Pin Index by one. It checks if it is an exact non negative integer and within range of valid pins on Raspberry Pi hardware.";   } ) ; end
723: Returns the color of an pixel at position [x,y] in given picture. If it is not valid then returns black (#RGB(#F #f)) .'s RGB value"
724: A simple function that returns either one or zero depending on the input value, with an equal chance of returning any two values in between .4 and  >x < = -3 , which is equivalent
725: This function checks if two lists are equal. If they're the same, it returns 1; otherwise - return   .		. It is used to measure how accurate our model predictions match with
726: Calculates the temperature rise and loss due surface energy consumption of an object with given operating parameters .   [...]"    Code length : x characters     Author(s): y authors      Last updated by
727: This function takes in the name of an AM or PM time slot and returns its numerical equivalent. If it's not recognized, then return "-1". It is used to convert string representation into corresponding
728: A function that simplifies the arithmetic operation of adding two numbers. The first number is multiplied by one and then added to second parameter, which represents addition result in case when both parameters are integers
729: Detection of the programming language used in CUDA, OpenCl or C.  If string contains __device__(for device functions), it is considered as GPU based and returns 'GPU'. El
730: Merge all elements of the given lists into one. The order is preserved in each sublist, but not within individual ones." (defun mergeLists . ((l1 lst
731: A function to get unique values from the given list of tests. It uses recursion and memoization techniques in order not repeat computations on previously computed results, thus saving time when dealing with large
732: A function that masks the first n characters of string with '*' and last m character(s)'.'. If there are more than two arguments, it will mask only from start to end
733: Convert Gigapascal to Liters per second conversion factor from the International System of Units .   [Unit Conversion]    Unit : litre/second, Base unit = gigapar
734: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. If one of them is not string or length, it returns 'error'. Otherwise calculates and return its value as an integer."
735: Generates n grams of the given string. If length is not divisible by five, append extra spaces to make it into an even number with respecting 'five' rule in NLP tasks
736: Normalizes the given string to be used as an article's main heading. If optional parameter is provided, it appended with "-" and then followed by original text of headline."  [
737: This function takes two arguments, 'modes' and an integer number. It returns the appropriate string based on whether it is called with analog or alternate modes respectively." 		   . )(list
738: This function returns the path to an attached file based on its number in pascals triangle numbers system, which is used as part of the project euler problems .  The files are stored with their
739: Returns the first nonempty string in list. If all strings are empty, returns #F .  It is similar to R6RS's coalese function but it only takes one argument and
740: Parses the input as an Edge in Dependency Graphs. The output is of form [Parent Index, Label ,Child index]. This function takes one argument which represents edges and returns its
741: A function that returns the larger of two dimensions.  If one dimension is smaller than another, it swaps them and then compares again to return either side's largest value as if they were
742: Removes the spaces and adds/ subtracts from given parameters.  It takes in two types of operations add or sub, it removes all space characters present at either end then performs respective operation on
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability. This function takes an input string that represents the name of some kind or object property, and returns its human friendly version in lower case if it is valid;
744: Convert hexadecimal color to RGB. Code snippet provided by the user in string format and returns an equivalent of that inputted value as integer values representing red green blue colors respectively."
745: Count the number of pairs in an array. If there are more than one billion numbers, return "-1". Otherwise count and sum up all elements from left to rigth side . The result is returned
746: Convert underscore separated string to all caps.  For example, input is 'hello_world' output will be Hello World .   Code length should not exceed the limit of one line only and
747: A function that calculates the relative sequence of two sequences. If 'wire' is greater than or equal to an element in another, it subtracts from itself otherwise adds twice its position value and
748: A function that takes an argument string of the form 'width x height' and returns three values representing width,height & depth respectively. If only one size is provided it will return all sizes as same
749: A recursive function that converts all non list elements to their default values.  If the element is not present, it returns its original value; if there are nested lists or pairs in input then
750: Checks if an IPv4 address is link local. 193/7 has the prefix fe8e and then followed by ::ffff:. This function checks whether or not given IPVS
751: Computes average of elements in list. Takes as input an ordered sequence, and returns its mean value."   [END] Code Summary ][START][INFO]:Compute Average:[ END
752: A function to calculate the power of an iteratively. It uses recursion and keeps reducing exponent by one at each step until it reaches zero or equal, then returns resultant value as final answer."
753: Finds the number of rooms that are at least as far away from all other room in given list. The distance is measured by numbers representing how many steps it takes to get there, represented with positive
754: A function to calculate the remainder of an exponent in O(logn). It uses fast powering method. The time complexity is log^3N, where N = number base and P = 0
755: A function to pluralise the word. If number is one, it returns string with no space and appended by singular form of given 'word'. Else return same as input plus an extra spaces
756: A function that returns the first element of list which is equal to given input. If not found, it will return false or nil in python equivalent way .  Code snippet : get tuple from
757: A function that adds two vectors.  It takes in an array of numbers and returns another vector where each element is the summation result from adding corresponding elements at same index positions .  	Example :
758: This function rounds down the given number to its nearest lower integer that is also an exact multiple of two. It uses recursion and memoization, which makes it efficient."} {#f0
759: Checks if the first element of one list is in another. If it's not, then checks with next elements until either end point has been reached or no match found."; } }
760: Generates the US Airways Station Code.  The format is UAXXXXXX where X's are digits from A to Z or numbers as per requirement by user . e..g.,
761: Checks if the given number is power of two. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .  	    		   	   			     									      	 	     	       								       ​
762: Check if the given user has required roles.  If yes, return true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or not an authenticated User in our system possesses certain
763: A function that checks if the given keyword is one of several special keywords. If it's not, returns original string; otherwise append an underscore to make its name unique and return new identifier."
764: A recursive function to calculate the product of all elements in list. If input is empty, return false; if only one element left then returns that single value as it's not possible with zero
765: A function to get the length of string. It uses recursion and subprocedure call in order not only calculate lengths but also handle empty strings properly."}`"})}}}}}'{}''
766: Returns the prefix of given string with '.'. If it's not starts from '.', append . to make sure its startswith dot(.)  and returns as is otherwise return concatenated
767: A function to validate the type and return it if its in list. If not, throws an error with all possible types available  .    Type : Validation / validation functions , used by Elast
768: Calculates the square distance between two points.  The function takes in as input parameters, each of which is another list representing either one or more coordinates on an x and y plane respectively; it returns
769: A function to combine the names of all members in an organization.  The input is list with their surnames, and it returns combined string separated by underscore (_). If there are no more
770: A function that calculates the products of all numbers except itself. The input is an array/list 'numbers'. For each number, it multiplies with every other element in its list and returns
771: A function that converts boolean values to strings. If the input is not one of these four types it throws an error message stating 'Please Use true / false Without Quotes Or One And Zero
772: Finds the second occurrence of '_' in inputted strings. If no such character exists, returns '-1'. Otherwise counts from right to left and increments count when it encounters ';',
773: A function to calculate the zookeeper's salary based on their size in terms of number or animals they care about at one time .  1st line is always "A" , second
774: Checks if the given number is even. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's an integer and divisible by two without leaving any remainder, ie., checks that no decimal part
775: A function that returns zero if the input is one of three strings, else it will return false. This indicates no value in some fields which are not used by other functions or modules but can be useful
776: A simple tokenization function that splits the input string into individual tokens. It uses Python's built in split() method to do so, which is very efficient and fast but not as flexible or
777: This function takes an integer or string input and returns the same value if it is already numeric, otherwise converts to number.  It also handles empty strings as #F in python version of san
778: Parses the URLs into pairs of neighbors. The first element is always from which we are looking at, and second one will be any other url in list that can form an edge with it
779: Convert the given string to numerics. If it is in ns, us or ms then convert into respective units else return error message . (code): ) ;; define function that converts time
780: Split the list of ids into chunks based on an identifier. If it matches, add to current chunk; if not match with previous one then start new subchunk and append that in
781: Clean the filename by replacing spaces, parentheses and special characters with underscores. 1/6 of total files will be cleaned up after running it on all .txt or other textfiles
782: Convert an Array to String.  Converts the given list of numbers into string format separated by spaces, e..g [10 ,34] ->  '"outputs": ["
783: This function takes in an email address and returns the username part of it.  It does not include any special characters or spaces, but keeps only alphanumeric character(a letter). If there
784: This function calculates the leverage ratio needed to achieve maximum margin. The input is in percentage form and it returns its equivalent value as an integer, which represents how many assets are required per trade transaction or
785: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lacks comments or meaningful variable names, which makes it
786: Generates an Indented GenBank record.  The input is the raw genbanks and output will be formatted with tabs as per requirement by user .   }}}).'}))))`
787: This function takes in an array of links and returns only those that have valid references to months. It uses the second element from each link as its reference, which is assumed not be empty or null string
788: A function that checks if the given input is true.  It uses '=' to compare two values and returns '#t'. If it doesn’nt match any of these, then return false (#
789: This function returns the appropriate filename based on user input, if it is not valid then default to 'invalid selection'.  It's used in price data extraction from different sources." --->
790: This function takes in an input and splits it into lines, then each line is converted to numbers.  It returns the list of these number lists as output."  	     }]}]}
791: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the same output, but with all elements padded by zeros to match length. If there are no more padding needed then it simply leaves them
792: Finds the end index of each line in an array. If it'll be more than one word, returns -inf and stops checking further to avoid infinite looping if there are multiple consecutive empty
793: A function that returns the closest number to 'val' in range from ‘min’ upto and including, but not exceeding by one of two bounds. If val is less than min then
794: Checks if the given string is palidromic. A single character or no characters are considered as being nonpalinodmic in terms of definition used by ROT which means it's
795: Removes the private attribute name from an object.  It takes two parameters, 'attr' and "a string that represents its initial value". The function returns another copy of original with all attributes starting
796: A function that takes an enumerable and returns the first item in it, or raises Value Error if more than 1 element is found .   [END] Code Summary :)." } , {
797: A function to get the install target. If no specific package is given, it returns just 'name'. Otherwise return as string in format of <package>=<version> .  e..g.,
798: Look up the ARN of an SNS Topc. If found, return it; otherwise returns false or nil if not in use by any client sessions currently subscribed to that specific sns service
799: A function to get prime factors of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique in order not repeating the same calculations multiple times, thus saving time when dealing with large numbers or big pr
800: A function to get the sequencer technology used by an Illuminar's Read Simulation software.  It uses hash table data structure and checks if input is valid or not before returning appropriate value
801: Create and return an object representing the transaction. 	Type of Objects created by createTransaction function is Transaction . The properties are 'Day',	'Value' ,  ‘Description’, which
802: A recursive function that removes all occurrences of the characters in 'deletes' from given input.  It uses list processing functions to replace each occurrence and then calls itself on modified strings until
803: Generates string representation of the players' individual game results. The output is in line format with each result separated by newline character and also includes information about which round, who scored it etc.."
804: A function to calculate the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule over time, with initial and end values set by user input parameters; also includes some form of 'warmup' period before
805: A recursion function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. The number is converted into its string representation, then each digit from rightmost character gets added up one by another until there
806: A function that returns the difference between two lists. It removes elements in second argument from first one, keeping only those present at both ends of original sequence and not common to them . If there is no
807: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its use if else condition inside loop which makes it hard understand
808: A function to get the log formater based on given level. If it'll be used in logging, then formatting will depend upon its current state and other parameters like name of logger etc.,
809: A function to check the current model' states and adjust them as per requirements. If they are not in required format, it pads or trims accordingly with specified padding token(`max len - `
810: A function that checks if the string starts with two underscores. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    `   ```python ```ruby  `      def should_ignore
811: A function to compute the cross product of two vectors. The input is given as three elements in list form, and it returns one element also present within its resultant vector's representation .   [
812: A function to generate the label of an audio stream.  The input parameters are used as partials identifying what kind and quality information is included in each output string, respectively; they represent sampling rate ,
813: Remove leading whitespace from each string in the list.  This is useful when you want to compare strings that may have different indentation levels, but still need them compared as equal due their content
814: Calculates the  distance between two points in three dimensions. It uses Euclidean Distance formula to calculate it .  	Inputs : Two Point objects or lists of coordinates representing point positions, Output
815: Checks if the given string starts with "===>".  This is used to identify error messages in log files.  	; done by using regex pattern matching .'syntax'. '=
816: Calculates the sum of squares.  Input is an array/list containing numbers, returns square sums as output."  	    		   	   			     									       .;.. ..... ....
817: Converts decimal numbers to binary. If input is not valid, it throws an error message stating invalid inputs are provided as the only argument."}`; }}}' | sed 's/
818: A function to map the given commands based on their respective states. If no mapping exists, it will display an error message and exit with failure signal (-1). Otherwise returns either of three values depending upon
819: A function that marks the occurrences of certain keys in an input dictionary. If they exist, it returns their count; otherwise ‘zero’ is returned and no changes are made to any part
820: Counts the number of whitespaces in string.   Code snippet to be used as reference or example.""")'""", 'Counting white spaces')]], [['(code
821: A function to convert bytes into megabytes. Code is based on the assumption that one byte = 8 bits, and there are approximately two gigabits in kilobyte or KB;
822: A function to get the base part of an OSIsoft Version number string, e..g., '13' in v4r6nal orchestration system . The input is
823: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'True', returns true, if it's anything else then false or raises an exception when invalid inputs are provided .   }}}}}}).]]])
824: A function to sanatise the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces.  It is used in data cleaning tasks where we need clean up of raw strings before processing them further .
825: Transforms the data in 'SheetData' into an array of key value pairs.  Each pair contains one row from Sheets Data and its corresponding column header name as keys .   "(
826: Converts temperature from one scale to another using the formulae provided by WHO's website .   Code is used in converting temperatures between Celsius, Fahrenheit and K
827: Convert KODI to ASCII. Converts the given text from kodicaster format into asccii art using standard colors and symbols .   Input is in form of list or vector
828: Calculates the potential energy of an atom in liquid crystal format, given its atomic number and radius cutoff distance from center to edge .'s"   [END]    "The formula is derived
829: Generates SQL WHERE clause based on the given column list. If no conditions are provided, returns empty string; if only one condition is present it generates simple equality check statement otherwise combines multiple checks with '
830: Convert English to Pig Latin. Code is used as an example of how the function works in Python, but it can be applied elsewhere too such us converting from Arabic numerals system into Roman N
831: A function to get the type of event from its name. Code is used in GitHub API calls and events are returned as strings that represent different types like fork, watch etc.. This will be useful
832: Flatens the list by recursively calling itself on each element in order to flaten nested lists.  If an item is not pair, it's returned as single elements of new List; if
833: This function calculates the expected number of overlaps between two sets. It takes three parameters - 'total' is an integer representing all possible combinations, and it returns one value which represents how many pairs
834: Converts register range to binary. It uses recursion and divide the search space by powers of two until it finds an appropriate size that fits in one byte, then conversts from decimal number
835: A function to convert the number of whole day(s).'days'. The result is in seconds.   .    "Example usage:"     (.13789, e))"The
836: Checks if two rectangles collided.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false or void(#).   .   10/3/.    48679      -
837: Returns the points of circle with center at point 'xy' and given radii.  The function takes two parameters, an originating coordinate pair ('(a b)' in terms as cartesian coordinates
838: Finds the header and page break in given list of strings. It returns all found elements as separate lists."   }]],[{ Code : [(lambda () (*)] ) ]} ,
839: A function to check if an integer is prime. Uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm, with caching results in hash table 'mem'. If number has already been checked before
840: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  The input is represented as lists with three elements each, representing x , y and z coordinates respectively in space .   It returns one number
841: Converts list of Habit to mark down format. Each element in the input is represented as [Hour : Minute] - Description . The output will be formatted like below example, each
842: Swap the http and https in an URL. 1 line solution using string manipulation functions .'s, split , append etc." swap of urls from one protocol to another".'''.
843: Checks if the given input is an auto or not, returns true/false accordingly .  10pts (checkpoint -> checkpoints : [#f #t]) ;;
844: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the first vector and second one, then returns new Vector which is result of each element from both input Vectors being reduced by corresponding
845: This function checks if the first element of an XML list contains gPred. If it does, then returns that value; otherwise prints error message and exits program with status . It also handles cases where
846: Extracts the plain text value from an object. If not found, returns false or nil if no such attribute exists in hash table 'input'.  Otherwise it will return that string as is .
847: A function that appends an element to the end of list.  It uses recursion and conditionals in order not only add elements but also handle cases when input is null or non empty lists .
848: This function takes in an object and returns only the field names of that objects.  It uses filter to check if each element is not null or undefined, then it checks whether its type matches with '
849: Calculates the relative difference between two values in terms of their weights and configurations, taking into account both configuration string length preference factor as well weighted factors to adjust value differences based on its importance or significance level
850: truncates the given string to fit within specified number of steps. If it is longer than required, pads with provided token until length equals desired size; if shorter then returns as needed without modification and less
851: Removes sequentially identical elements from the list.  It keeps only one of each element in order, and removes all other duplications within that sequence if any exist." Code is used
852: A function to sanatise markdwon syntax in the given string.  It replaces backticks with square brackets and underscores, making it suitable as an input into Mark
853: A recursive function to solve the Tower of Hanois puzzle. The problem is solved by moving disks from one peg, using another as temporary storage and finally placing them on any other available target
854: Computes the score of cards in hand. The higher index, more points are given to that card." (defun computeScoreOfWins () ) ;; define function here... ")))
855: Generates the post data needed to register an account on Mozilla's domain name registration service using provided parameters – Random string, Suffix and other necessary fields like primary contact etc..
856: Generates the name of an individual module that contains all functions related to generating random data.  This is used by other modules in order not only generate test cases but also verify results against known good inputs
857: Generates the list of paths from given keys.  If no name is provided, it generates all possible names in order to get unique results and then returns them as one line string separated by "/".
858: A function to sanatise resource names.  It replaces hyphens with underscores and appended 'R' at the end of it .  	Type : Function, Parameters -
859: A function that returns the first key from an input list which exists as part or full member within given dictionaries. If no such exist, it raises Key Error with appropriate message .  It uses recurs
860: Converts hexagonal coordinates to triangular. The input is three numbers, representing the X Y Z coordinate of an object in space with axes as per Hexagon and then conversts
861: Reads the file at given absolute path if it exists, otherwise reads from relative paths.  If both files exist then returns first one found in order of appearance on disk and ignores others .
862: A function that returns the list of keywords in different cases.  It takes an input string and converts it to upper case, lower casing or title cased form respectively then into its corresponding key
863: Retrieves the id of current logged in User. If no such information is available, returns false or empty string respectively .  Code snippet to get unique identifier from dictionary based on keys and
864: A function that returns the maximum of two numbers. If 'a' is greater than or equal to `b`, it will return value from first argument; otherwise - second one .   [END
865: A function that adds an amount of spaces to the beginning or end line. It is used in conjunction with other functions like make, string and cond . The main purpose here was just adding some space before
866: Checks if the given dictionary is in correct format of single alerting policy. It checks whether it has 'alerts' and either contains an expression or groups with their own alerters, each
867: Expands the bound box by increasing its height.  The new width and depth are calculated as before, but only their y component is increased to maintain aspect ratio of original image/video frame size while
868: A function that returns the list of features associated with each type. The input is an integer representing which specific set or combination to return, and outputs are lists containing all possible types related by those combinations in
869: A function that takes two lists of numbers and returns the list with all possible combinations.  Each combination is calculated by taking one number from each input, then multiplying them together to get an output value
870: Computes all squares in the range from 0 to given number. This is done by mapping over each element within that specified 'of' Range and applying an anonymous function which returns its argument squared
871: Returns the non null or provided as argument. If it is empty, returns 'Default'.  Code snippet to get Non Null Value from user input in Python .  ```python ``` python
872: Inverts the order of characters in an input string.  Example "hello" - > olleh .   It uses list and reverse functions to invert character sequence from end towards start, then
873: Scales down the dimension of an image by dividing it with given factor. If there is no such thing as scale, then returns zero or if scaling up isn't possible return original size .
874: Counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count how many times each digit from least significant end up being 'set'. This is done by repeatedly dividing and
875: Decodes the message by replacing all backslashes (\\) with newlines.  This is used to convert Windows style line endings into Unix format which can be read in most systems using C
876: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output, but with each number squashed. It uses map to apply 'squaring' operation on every element in given sequence/list .
877: A function to describe the current level of water in an air sample. The input is assumed as percentage, and it returns one outof three categories - good(between <  41%), wet
878: A function to convert lightness values from linear measurements of luminance in the CMYK color space into ansi escape codes. The conversion is done by taking advantage that each component can be expressed as
879: Calculates the margin of error in inches. The input is assumed to be an integer representing miles or kilometers, and returns its equivalent value converted into feet as well rounded upwards by one decimal
880: A function that takes in three arguments, an RGB value and the power to which you want it converted. It returns another list with each of its elements being raised by 'power'.  For example if
881: A function that returns the mask of bits with length 'i'. It is used to generate all possible combinations. For example, _bitwiseAND(7 ,3 ) will return  0bxxxx
882: Creates an array of commands to create symbolic links from source file(src).  The destination is the link'd object.   .e..g, if you want your home directory as /
883: A function to round the given number according with provided divider. If positive, it rounds down; if negative - upwards." Code snippet : "Round(x , Div
884: Checks if the number is divisible by eight. If it's not, then doubles its last digit until reaching an even multiple of ten or equal to zero." --->(
885: Converts an ASCII representation of binary data to its decimal equivalent. It takes in the input, which is supposedly some textual information and converst it into corresponding Binary number system using
886: This function takes an Edge Path as input and returns the corresponding Node path. It uses recursion to collect all nodes in that specific order from leftmost node of each subpath until it reaches right most
887: Checks if the number is palidromic. 10 digits long only, no spaces or special characters are allowed in input numbers and output should be boolean value true/false indicating whether
888: Compare two strings. If they are equal, return zero; if string 'a' is less than the other one in lexicographical order then it returns '-1', otherwise "+"."
889: Convert string to HTTP URI.  If the input is not valid, return it as given; otherwise convert into an http uri format if possible . e..g., 'www' -> www ,
890: Given an array of numbers, return the XOR result between all pairs.  The function is used to find out whether there're two different bits in one number or not . If yes then it
891: Returns the major part of an integer representation.  For example, if you call _getVersion '10' it will return  9 . This function is used to get only Major Version from given
892: This function takes in list of records and returns the names from each record. It uses map to apply lambda on every element, cdr is used with assoc which gets value associated by key id
893: A function that returns the value of 'b' when input is between zero and ten. Otherwise, it will return -a . It checks if an integer number falls within certain ranges or not based on
894: Checks if the given string is an IP address in shorthands. If not, it checks whether its parent contains only one digit or no digits at all and returns true otherwise false; else
895: This function takes in one string and returns two substrings of it. If the length is less than or equal to zero, then return an empty list with itself as only element because there are no characters
896: Converts strings to boolean values. If the input is 'true', it returns true, if false or anything else -> return as its current value .  	     It's case ins
897: Computes the checksums of each row in an inputted sheet.  The check sum is calculated by subtracting from maximum value and adding to minimum, then applying that operation on every single element within
898: Calculates the error of an accumulator. If it is number, returns its negative value; otherwise return "none".   .    Code:.     :code=(err calc acc);print("
899: A function that converts underscore separated names to cammel case. For example, input 'firstName' returns output as first Name . Code is written in Scheme language and uses string manipulation
900: A function to calculate the RPM of an analog input. It takes three parameters - number, read and total reads . The result is rounded down if it's greater than or equal too nine hundred
901: Calculates the precision of single class classification.  Preciseness is calculated as correct positive predictions divided by all positives predicted plus false negatives and true negative .   It's used to measure
902: This function filters out the elements of an expression statistic that are either "d" or “modified d”. It returns only those expressions which have been classified as Ds and/或
903: Get the schema version of an application's Manifests.  Returns nil if not found or invalid value is provided .   [END] Code snippet to get Schema Version from Application
904: This function takes an atom or bond as string and returns the list of atoms/bonds that are present inside it, if valid otherwise displays error message .  It is used to split up molecules
905: Calculates the total number of tricks needed to win. The trick is when players bid more than their current round trump suit, they get one extra turn in order not only on that player's
906: Convert binary string to integer. Code snippet that converts the given input into an equivalent decimal number using bitwise operations and recursion in python programming language .
907: A function to calculate the number of layers in an image. The input is assumed as 'height' which represents how tall or high it should be, and returns its layer count based on Pythag
908: Compute an estimate of how far away from its nearest neighbor in terms per unit area on each side to reach within 'cuttoff' units along one dimension and return it as part or all result
909: A function that calculates the sum of all zeros in each sublist. The result is then added to zero and returned as output from another recursive call if there are more than one elements left
910: Convert bool to string. If the input is number, then convert it into true/ false form; if not , return error message .   Code snippet : (#lang racket ) #,(
911: Converts binary to integer. The input is string of bits, and the output will be an intger number equivalent .'s representation in base two."  	; Expected Output :1
912: A function that removes duplicates from an ordered list.  It uses recursion to check each element of the original order and only adds it if not already present in its subsequent elements' set, thus
913: A recursive function to format the last three elements of each list in an inputted vector. If any element is zero, it will be formatted as such; otherwise not formated at all."
914: A function to square the input. 1 line solution using multiplication operator (*)." (check if it works with some test cases)"    "A simple and efficient way of squaring an
915: A function that tokenizes text by breaking it into individual sentences. It uses the provided vocabulary to map each word in input sentence onto its corresponding index, and then breaks up these indices back out as
916: Returns the namespace of header files.  If no such information is available, it returns an empty string."  ```   ``` ` `` .:: Code : :::. ##..## .....
917: Get the IP, Server ID and Location of an object. If not found in hash table then return nil; otherwise returns list with these three values as elements respectively .   })(load "./lib
918: Checks if the two bitsets have exactly one bit set.  If they do, returns that value; otherwise false or nil .
919: Calculates the area of one pixel in square meters. The input is given as an integer representing pixels per inch, and it returns its equivalent value converted to meter squared by dividing with itself twice
920: A function that returns the fraction of time in between two times, or zero if they overlap and one otherwise." ---}}}}}"    }{{{endregion} "Boxing Time Inter
921: Computes the Wallis Product of an integer, using recursion and iteration to compute it upto 'n' terms in series."   [END] ---[START][CODE](#code
922: A recursion example. The function takes an integer as input and returns true if the number is zero, otherwise it calls itself with one less than its argument until reaching to base case of when value becomes
923: A recursive function that checks if the current key is in another list. If it's not, then adds to 'combined dictionary'. It does so by checking each element of both lists and
924: A function that calculates the value of Bregmann's map.  It takes three parameters - two related to distance and one is an additional parameter which determines whether it should be inverted or
925: Decodes the data from an Apertures byte to Frequency Stop Value .'s"   }]], "code": ["\n(defun decodeAperatureChunksData
926: A function that checks if the timeout is valid. If not, it exits with an error message and returns false; otherwise return true or sets 'current' to current time in milliseconds before
927: Clean input string by removing white space.  If 'na', return empty strings, otherwise just returns original values .  ```">}}</code><br />  This function is used to
928: Convert the input string to ISO 8601 format. If it contains '+' or '-', then convert timezone offsets into seconds, otherwise keep as is and append Z at end
929: A function that generates regex patterns to match strings followed by the given string.  For example, followBy("a") would return "\b\w*zaaa\" where \".*" is any
930: Checks if the given list is constant. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code length :13 lines    Author:@author name@date of creation:. @cre
931: A function that rounds the input to nearest integer using floor division by two and adding one half of it, then converting back into exact number form with inexact conversion .   It is used when we need
932: A function that returns greeting in different languages.  Code is written to handle English, Spanish and German .   'lang' parameter determines the language of output string." (defun main ()
933: Convert eCalendar crs codes to lower case. If the first part of an ecourses is 'Comp', convert it into its upper cased form, else return original input as string .
934: Checks if the given number is power of two. It does so by checking that it's not zero and also checks whether its binary representation has only one bit set to 'one'. This means
935: A function to assembles the coordinate.  The coordinates are passed in and returned with their kind of 'point'.   .'Kinds include x, y , z.'    Example usage :(
936: This function checks if the given file name is not part of production files. It excludes test and docs directories, as well Dockerfiles from being considered in checking whether they are produced or modified
937: A function that returns the predictions of an input list based on its elements and their corresponding thresholds. If element is greater than or equal to given value, it will return 'true' else false
938: A function that adds three to the input. It's an example of how one can define functions in Scheme programming language using lambda expressions and higher order funtions like map, filter etc
939: Generates the list of unique GUIDs associated with each element in input. This is done by mapping over all elements within an array and extracting their "Guid" attribute, which should be
940: A function that calculates the incrementally average of two numbers. If there is only one number, it returns its value as an integer division by zero error will occur in python's / operator which
941: A function that calculates the sum of all digtis in years. It uses recursion to calculate it, starting from given number and going down until zero or negative value is reached . The result will
942: Generates the URL to about page of user on Facebook using their usernames."  [END] Code Summary"   .eol' -> '.')))))).end() ) ;
943: A function that returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are equal, it will return one number or zero if either is not set to be nonzero else none .   [END]    Code
944: Finds the index of an object in list. If not found, returns -1 . Code is used to find out if there're any duplicates within given data structure and return their indices or
945: A function that multiplies two vectors elementwise. If one of the input is null, it returns an empty vector; otherwise return as pairs where each pair contains product from corresponding elements in both inputs and
946: A function that prints the number passed to it.  ## END SUMMARY## .  ```   `num's worker is created and it will print 'number'. ```(def
947: A function that returns the constant value of an amplitude. It takes two arguments, 'x' and its corresponding amplitudes ('amp'). The result is simply their summation which represents one unit in time
948: A function that unwraps nested functions. It checks if the input is procedure, and then either returns it as such or recursively calls itself on its parameters until no more nesting occurs; otherwise
949: A function that adds one to the input. This is useful in many programming tasks, such as testing or debugging where you need an extra step before performing some operation on data values like adding ones into
950: Returns the reaction name of an atom. The format is EX_{compound}_n where {atom} and n are replaced by specific values from input parameters . e,g., get reacit
951: Convert km per hour to meters in second. Code snippet that converts the given value from kilometers hours into seconds of movement, assuming an average human walking pace and one meter being equal
952: A function that returns the logical OR of two conditions.  If either parameter is not boolean, it throws an error message stating both are required as Boolean values."   .    [END] Code Summary
953: This function returns the appropriate line style based on its input. It can return either of -, -- ,-. or : . If none matches it will default to k-".")."   [END
954: Checks if two numbers have the same number of significant figures up to 'SIGFIG' places after decimal point, considering their exact values and not rounded ones; returns true or false accordingly .
955: Returns the type of an astronomical body given its id. The function is used to identify different types based on their IDs in order from smallest ("NEARBY" or "-3,7
956: A function that returns the concatenation of 'phone' and ':'.  For example, getPhonenumber("18043679") would return Phone number : +(
957: This function takes an input string of the form "<Prefix>-" and returns its corresponding key in upper case. It splits on '-' to get prefix, then gets second part which is number
958: A function to convert MAVLink latitude and longitudes from decimal degree format into radians. This is necessary because the library used in our project expects these values as inputted with units of '
959: A function that checks if any dictionary in the list matches with given key value pair.  If so, it returns true else false .   It is used to check whether there are some dictionaries matching
960: Returns the follower ratio of an id. If no such ID exists, it returns zero as default value . The function is used to get followers count based on user's selection in dropdown menu
961: Deletes all notifications with the given 'name' from provided notification List.   .   `(defun delete noti nam e lis t o filt er filt )" }
962: Convert string to number or boolean. If the input is not convertible, return false/undefined; if it's true then returns 1 else -0 and so on in an attempt of converting
963: A function that returns the value of buttons in an array based on their index. If there is no button at given position, it will return empty list . It's used to get values from selected
964: Finds the item in 'items' closest to number given by ‘pivot’. It uses absolute difference as its comparison metric and sorts them accordingly using lambda function .
965: A function to calculate the bandwidth of an audio signal. The formula is based on sample rate and bit depth."   [END] (setf *audio* '((0 . "A")
966: This function takes in an integer array as input; if the provided argument is null or empty it returns false otherwise return minimum & maximum of that given set  . It uses recursion to find out both
967: Computes the moving average of an array using closed form solution.  The input is two parameters, one being 'i' which represents index and another parameter "alpha" that determines how much to weight
968: A function that calculates the Rayligne's Z value.  It takes two parameters, 'n', and returns its square root multiplied by itself twice times one divided it self .
969: Generates the bound box of two points.  The result is represented as four numbers, which are ordered pairs that define an axis aligned rectangle in space with corners at given coordinates . "p" stands
970: Returns the longest element of list. If there are multiple elements with maximum length, returns all those strings as they appear on input order and not sorted by their lengths; if no such case exists return #
971: Determines if the state of an object is changing based on its neighbors' states. If it has two or more 'true', then return true, else false; and vice versa in case there
972: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is defined as intersection area divided by union of areas, which measures how much overlap there's in terms both shapes are
973: This function calculates the missing number in an ordered list of numbers. It uses linear algebra to solve it by calculating sums and differences, then returns that difference as result which is equal with original index plus
974: Checks if the given keyword list contains any of elements.  If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [...]">}}</code><br /> <span style='color
975: Calculates the surface margin of an approximate boiling point and its real value. The function takes two arguments, approximate values are used to calculate their difference with each other in percentage form then multiplies
976: This function takes in the dictionary of information about an event and returns three pieces - User ID, Username & Channel. It is used to extract these details from incoming events that are being processed by our
977: Convert an object to integer. If the input is number, return as it's; if string then convert and round downwards towards zero - otherwise returns 'false'.   .    Code snip
978: A function to get the reverse of DNA strand.  If input is empty, return an emtpy string . Otherwise , it will replace all 'T' with its compliment and then reversed
979: Checks if the given string contains either dot or dash. If yes, returns #false; otherwise it will return true indicating that is an in place operation on strings and not just substrings of other
980: Returns the name of an input or internal tensor slot.  The format is "<NodeName><OutputSlotNumber" . e,g., "_input0".'s _output1":
981: Parses the version number in dot notation to an integer list.  For example, parseversion("10") => #(#<integer> 9), (#\a . b).
982: Checks if the cigars in paired reads contain no indel.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is used to check whether or not there are any CIGAR operations
983: A function to calculate the peak of an asymmetric waveform. The parameters are time 't', amplitude parameter, and two frequencies respectively . It is used in signal processing applications such like filtering or mod
984: Checks if two elements are of the same width. If they're both numbers or lists, it checks their values; otherwise returns false .   [END] Code:.   ```python ```
985: A function that checks if the input is an object with key 'owner' and its corresponding entry has type dict. If so, it returns true; otherwise false or null depending on whether there exists such
986: Checks if two axises are the exact equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise checks whether their limits match and return true or False accordingly."  [...]"   Code
987: This function takes in three arguments and returns the cross product of them.  It is used to compute dual triangles' normals, which are vectors that point from one vertex towards another triangle face within
988: This function calculates the maximum sub array sum in an input list. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by adding each element of given sequence one at time and keeping track on which gives us highest total
989: A function that calculates the percentage of yields. It takes two arguments, an 'actual' and theoretic value to calculate percentages from."   [END] Code snippet with
990: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code snippet that conversts the given temperature from cesuis scale into farenheit and returns it
991: Returns the destination key of an object.  This is used to determine where in memory storage should be allocated or retrieved from when dealing with large objects that are not stored directly within another data structure like
992: A function that checks if the given number is within an acceptable limit. If it's not, then throws error with message"Stop Index Out Of Range". Otherwise returns summed value from start to
993: Checks if the given URL is from Discords media server or not – returns true/false accordingly .  	; Takes in one argument, an input string that represents discourse's
994: Returns the id of an orphanets in given iri. If it is not found, returns 'none'.   .'s/ /./g'))).(lambda ()(.apply #f
995: A function to identify the type of software suite used in an input string. It splits on '-' and checks if first part matches known types, otherwise returns full name as is."  ```python
996: Returns the first matching Resource object in Resources list.  If no match is found, returns #F."   }]],[1,"Returns or creates an instance of class 'Resource' with given
997: This function takes an array 'questions' and returns the headers in string format.  It appends each question to its corresponding position from one header row, separated by colons . The first column is
998: Casts the given argument to none.  If it is an empty string, returns #false; otherwise return original input as casted result."  ```   ``` ` `` . : _ c
999: Counts the number of nonzero elements in list.  Code is used to count how many values are not zero within an inputted array/list 'U'.   . The function takes one argument
1000: A function that returns the filename with given type.  For example, _s(10,"jpg") will return 'fileName:' . jpg"'.   This is used to generate attachment
1001: A function to get subwords of the given grammar. It takes in two parameters, 'Token' and Grammar; it returns all possible substrings within that length from those tokens which are part or
1002: A function to calculate the ceiling of division. It rounds up an integer value by one if it is not already at least that number, otherwise returns same input as output . e g int c ceil
1003: Returns true if the first character of string is '.' and last charactor in strign isn't equal to ~. This function checks whether file name ends with . or not, but it doesn
1004: Checks if there is an element at the given position in sequence. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (end of file content )" }}}}}} . "} }} ).
1005: A function to recall an element in the list of candidates with 'K' number. It uses recursion and filtering mechanism, but it is slower than other methods due its high time complexity O(n
1006: A function to perform division. If the divisor is zero, it raises an error message stating that you can't do such operation."   . Please note if your solution requires any additional explanation or
1007: Calculates the horizontal position and depth after following commands. The aim is to calculate final product of these two values .   Code length : x characters, Time complexity = O(n), where n=
1008: Recursively find the minimum element in each column of given list. The function returns all these elements as an ordered sequence, one per line and separated by commas if more than two columns are present
1009: This function checks the input parameter 'TYPE' and returns either TAG FILTES  or CLOW DEFORM STAKS depending on its value. If TYPE isn’t valid, an
1010: Parses the input string into two lists of strings. The first list contains all elements separated by commas, and each element in that sublists is split on semicolons to form its constitu
1011: Check if the given string is in any of list elements. If yes, return true else false .   Code length :10 lines    Author name and email id are not provided as it's
1012: Convert string to boolean. If the input is either 'TRUE', ‘FALSE’, or an integer that represents True/ False in number form then it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE."   .   ```
1013: Converts picoMoles to moles, used in chemistry and physics calculations .   [END]    ")." ) ;; end of function definition ]);;"")(#f
1014: Checks if the number is in Triangle Number Series. A series of numbers where each term after first starts with one, then two and so on . For example - The sequence goes as follows :
1015: Combines all rules in the given 'list' into one string with an optional binary operation.  If no second argument is provided, it will return only first element of each pair as if they were
1016: Converts milligrams to grams using the conversion factor of .  49876 g/mg = ~3,    gramss = ml / ~(^[g
1017: Checks if the first element of list is not equal to 'departed'. If it's true, then returns false. Otherwise return whether or no there was an error in running that function."
1018: A function to skip over certain types of records. It checks if the record's creation time falls within an acceptable range, and returns true only when it does not fall into such ranges which are known
1019: Defines the arguments to be used when setting up optimization methods.  For Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm, it sets an upper bound on function evaluations and uses default values as initial
1020: Checks if there are any line items in the list that contain an emtpy string. If so, returns false; otherwise true . (defun testIfEmptyStringInLineItems
1021: Returns the parameter name of an input or output variable. If it is partofa testbench, returns its full form else just return only baseform .  For example if we have var1 as
1022: Returns all non isomorphic matroids in the given set.  The definition of an isomorphism is that two sets are considered to be equal if they have exactly same elements, regardless their order or repetition
1023: This function calculates the deposition of water in an aquatic system based on its concentration and size, using data from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . The formula used is derived by
1024: Generates the IP address of an internal network Node with given id in Cisco ASA router configuration file formatting .'   '.' and -'. The function takes as input parameter,node ID
1025: A function that returns the reflection of coordinates in 3D space. The input is three numbers, and it reflects them about their midpoint along XY plane which results into Z axis rotation .
1026: Checks if two dictionaries have the same keys and values. If they do, returns #true; otherwise it checks each key in dictionary 1 against all of its corresponding entries from Dictionary B to
1027: A function to cleanse the input of any leading or trailing whitespace. – Tidies up an onscreen password prompts by removing unwanted spaces at either end, if they exist
1028: This function takes three arguments, normalizes the input value to be within range [minVal ,maxValue].  It does so by adding or subtracting from/from minimum and maximum values. The
1029: Generates the header name of an audio file. If it's not first time, append bin and its index to filename; otherwise just return binary string with no prefix or suffix."   [END
1030: This function replaces the dash (- ) with underscore (_ ).  It is used to convert character name into suitable format. For example, if input string 'my--test' then output will be
1031: Get configuration version from blob. If no such key exists in hash then returns default .  1st parameter of function getConfigVersion gets configurations and its versions stored as hashes inside another structure which
1032: Calculates the cost of substituting one character with another. If both characters are equal, it costs two; if either or all letters in first string match any letter from second strings list then its cheaper
1033: Calculates the overlap score between two strings based on their lengths and characters at each position, returning zero if they are not of equal length or have different initial character(s). If both conditions hold true
1034: Finds if line in file exists.  Code is part of the Scheme programming language." SUMMARY END"   }}}}}} . "code": {...} ... }} ,,,
1035: A function to calculate the sum of all elements in list.  It uses recursion and is tail call optimized .  1/3rds slower than iterative approach but faster on large lists due
1036: Checks if two numbers are equal or their sum is zero. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [END] (check the function with some examples to make sure it works as
1037: Split the URI into segments. If it starts with /, split by '/'. Otherwise just return as is if not starting from root path segment."  ```   ``` ` `` . : _
1038: Checks if two shapes are the same. If they have different dimensions, it returns false; otherwise true is returned."  	     .    "Cheks whether given list of points in space has
1039: Checks if one given linked lists contains the same elements as another.  If so, returns #true; otherwise it will return false." Code is used to check whether two input sequences
1040: A function to calculate the area of triangle. Inputs are two numbers representing dimensions, returns one number -> Area in square units."  	    		   	   			     									       .;
1041: Checks if the given object is not none.  If it's either list, vector or dict and contains at least one non nil value then returns true else false.";   }}}}}}
1042: Extracting the first nonempty string from each entry in given dict. If no such an element exists, it throws error message stating that there is missing data or wrong formatting."   .    -
1043: This function returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The returned value is in format "(database name)" . It's used when connecting from other modules or scripts that need access credentials
1044: This function is used to confirm the color of an event. If no colors are provided, it will return back up data set; otherwise ,it adds or updates RGB value in given Dataset .
1045: A function that filters out the matching records in two lists of strings. It checks if any string from one list matches with another, and keeps only those which match at least once among both sets; otherwise
1046: Checks if the number is even. Returns true or false based on whether it's an integer that can be divided by two with no remainder, ie., its parity check result in zero
1047: Calculates the recall of an algorithm based on true negatives, false positives and total positive instances in confusion matrix .   [...]    If there are no negative predictions or all inputs were correct then
1048: Checks if the given 'guess' matches with provided ‘Password’. If they match, returns true; otherwise false .   Code snippet : checker/code103
1049: A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output if it is less than or equal to two fifth of its length, otherwise return truncated version with '...' appended. It
1050: Extracting the message id from an event correlation string.  If it is not in format '<source>:[timestamp]' then return original input as its assumed to be already unique identifier of that
1051: This function aligns the spacing of sentences in two lists. It takes as input, one list with all possible alignment points and another to be aligned against these positions; it returns an updated version that
1052: Calculates the Term Frequency of given 'Term' in document. It counts how many times that specific word appears within all documents and then divides by total number or "documents"."
1053: Encodes an array of rules into one line. If the rule is '+', it encapsulates with parentheses, otherwise just returns as plain text.";'s name and version number
1054: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBonacci number. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where 'x' is equal either zero or one). If input value
1055: A function to convert notes into frequencies in Hz using the C Major scale .'s note numbering system, where 'C', then D , E etc are on octaves of middle c and so
1056: Finds the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. If no intersecting line exists, returns #f; otherwise return as list [(dx/dy), dy/(dx^3
1057: Returns the encoding to be used when writing files. If 'for\_writering' is true, returns "UTF – SIG", otherwise it defaults back into utf -  39". Code
1058: Generates the API endpoint URL based on provided input. This function takes in an argument which is typically used as part of routing to different endpoints within your application's backend services, and returns it
1059: A function to convert an EPSG number into its string representation.  If the input is already in EPRS format, it returns as such; otherwise converts and appends 'epsg:'
1060: Writes the given list of strings to file.  The output is written in one continuous stream, not split into multiple files or streams as with write and writeto functions from standard library module io .
1061: Checks if the result of an operation is within specified tolerances. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:.   ```python ```ruby :endcode="
1062: A function to convert the number of whole units into readble time duration. It converts full years, months or decades as well in one line using only integer division operation on integers which is faster than
1063: A function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in an input string. If no argument is provided, it returns empty strings; otherwise return all uppercased version with initial character preserved and remaining
1064: This function calculates the average of an array. It takes into account both current and previous averages, as well rounds off to nearest integer if necessary."   [END] (defun modify
1065: A function to calculate the probability of each pixel being covered by an object.  The input is rate, pixels area and exposure time in seconds." --->(getcrpros .1
1066: Check if the given target is valid. If not, throw an error with appropriate message; otherwise return true . Code checks whether or no width and height of provided '(width x heigth)'
1067: A function to calculate the intersection of two lines.  The equation is given by ax +by = e, where [a] and b are coefficients in terms on 'X' variable . This line
1068: A function to compute the square root of an input number using Heron's method, which is more accurate than traditional methods like bisection or Newton’ smethod . The algorithm works by repeatedly
1069: A function to get the display name of an user. If their usernames are longer than  39 characters, it will cut off at '...' and truncates after last space or non
1070: A function to convert the given 'Speed' in km/h into decimals representing distance travelled per hour. The conversion is based on an average human walking pace of about .6 miles /
1071: A helper method that adds the means and variances together. It's used in calculating variance, standard deviation etc.."   [END]    Code snippet with description : "Adding
1072: Returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  If one number is greater than or equal to another, it returns that other's values; otherwise return both as they are .  1st line
1073: A function to calculate the index of an element in three dimensions. The indices are calculated as follows, where each dimension is from -n/2 through +m_i /4 . For example if
1074: Convert decimal degree to Direction, Minute and Second. The input is the angle in Degree . Output will be direction , minute & second representation of that Angle.. e g., 'N
1075: This function takes in an input list and returns the same output as if it was unrolled. It does so by taking each element of first level from given lists, until there are no more elements left
1076: Checks if the given path contains an ACKs.txt in its list of paths provided by user or not? 1 - yes, else no .   Code snippet to be used
1077: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as per standard rules of calculation in FIbonaci series, and then it uses map & apply functions from
1078: A function that returns the number of CPU cores or logical processors available. If 'single thread' is true, it will return one core; otherwise if there are more than two physical cpu then
1079: A function that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in the base number and time, returns product of both inputs .   "v" is an input parameter which represents first value to be used while
1080: Checks if the input string represents an integer in base 'n' that can be represented as HEX. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or exits with error message .   [
1081: This function takes in an input string and returns the parameters of that document. It does so by splitting up each line into its constituent parts, checking if it is prefixed with Parameter or not
1082: Removes blank lines from the input.  It uses '(defun)' to define functions and '.', which is used as an operator in Scheme syntax, instead of parentheses or square
1083: A function that calculates the minimum rainfall in mm over time. If no rain is recorded, it returns zero; if only one wall has been tested then return its value otherwise calculate and compare
1084: Implement insert sort algorithm. Code to implement the Insert Sort Algorithm in Scheme language using recursive function calls and list manipulation functions provided by scheme library . The input is an unspecified
1085: Checks if there is any price above the given 'threshold'.  If not, returns false. Otherwise it checks remaining list of primes and repeats process until all elements are checked or no
1086: Determine the key type of an algorithm. ...   [END] Code snippet ] ) ;; end define . -> RETURN value is one line string that summarizes
1087: A function to add .CSS extension.  Code is used in creating CSS file names from input string, which can be useful when dealing with multiple files of the same type but different extensions and need
1088: Returns the delta between two points in space. The function takes an integer and returns its corresponding angle of view from perspective, considering that it is looking at one point on earth's surface with respect to
1089: Checks if all the given file names are present in one of two lists. If yes, returns true; otherwise false is returned."  }]], "code": [{"@type":"text
1090: Calculates the maximum possible value of two numbers within given constraints. The first number is always nonnegative, and its upper limit equals to summation with second parameter; otherwise it's zero if there
1091: A function that pads sequences with the same token.  It takes in two arguments, sequence list and padding character/string to be used as filler . The output is padded version of inputted
1092: This function takes in an array of load balancing node pairs and returns the corresponding hash map. It maps each pair to its respective cloud server id paired with it'll be associated Load Balance Pool
1093: Compute the maximum nesting level of parentheses in an expression. The function takes three arguments, two lists and one index; it returns either integer or raises exception if there is no matching pair
1094: A function that returns the next number in an array of numbers after moving right. If at last position, it wraps around to first one . Parameter is 'direction' which indicates current index or
1095: Checks if an element exists in the list of possible failures.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   "OutOfOrder" is used to denote that there's no order
1096: Returns the sequence of characters in 's' if it is not null or empty. Otherwise, returns an emtpy character list .  Code snippet to be used as reference : _GET
1097: Calculates more stuff in the given input.  If it's already an object that is list or hash, append additional element to its end; if not then return original value unchanged."   [
1098: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated values in an array or list so that it doesn't have duplicate calculations of
1099: Calculates the frequency of capturing in given windows.  It takes two arguments, first is list with start and end points to define each 'catching' area; second argument - sequence or stream
1100: Checks if the given character is an opening brackets. 1/3 of total characters in input string are left parenthesis '('.  	Inputs : Token -> Character, Output
1101: Returns the class of an object. The 'context' parameter is expected to contain key value pairs where keys are strings and values can be any data types like string, number etc., which represent different attributes
1102: Convert Mel frequency to herz. Code snippet that converts given value in Mels scale into Hz on the basis of its position within an array or list, which is used as input parameter
1103: A function that converts the keys of an object to numbers.  It's used in conjunction with dictify, which is intended as part way through conversion from one data structure into another."
1104: Checks if the number of 'no' is equal to or less than one row in matrix. If not, it returns true; otherwise false . It checks whether there are any zeros and/
1105: Transforms the basis of names.  Replaces slashes with underscores, replaces stars to replace spaces and downcases all characters in string .  	Input : A Basename or Fil
1106: Extracting the environment version from given string of format 'release - 368' or just return last part if not present in that case."   .    Code is used to extract and compare
1107: Checks if the input is in mixed case. 0/1 character checks whether all characters are upper or lower cases, respectively; returns false otherwise . If empty then it's not considered as
1108: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations in order find out largest number that can divide both
1109: Generates the fancy label of Nth degree polynomial. The labels are generated based on two numbers, 'from' and ''to'' which represent lower limit(s). If both values have positive integer
1110: A function to compare two lists of numbers. If the lengths are equal, it returns their difference; if not they return zero and stop comparing further elements in both sequences until one sequence is exhausted or reaches
1111: Computes all possible coordinates within an n x m rectangle. The first element in each list is its X coordinate and second one Y, which gives it to be placed at that position on our board/
1112: Converts string to bool. If the input is “true”, it returns true; if not then false or error message will be thrown with incorrect type of argument provided .   [END
1113: Checks if the new and old states are equal in terms of their 'state' values.  If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there has been no change since
1114: A function that sets the username of an object.  It takes three parameters - 'strategy', which is used to determine how and where users are stored, "details" contains information about what kind
1115: Convert Snake Case to TitleCase. Code is used in the context of converting strings from one case formatting style into another, such as changing all lowercased letters at start and end with an
1116: A function that returns the string representation of an integer number, but if it's greater than some specified limit then append ' + ', followed by its value. Otherwise return just numeric part as is
1117: A recursive function that takes two lists and merges them into one. If the input is not valid, it returns an error message "Invalid Input".  Code snippet to test your solution
1118: Parses an input string to determine if it is in the form of '(turn Order)' and returns true or false.  If not, then return #F."   [END] .
1119: Returns the winning party info. – Code to get information about who won in election results .  1st line should be brief, and then describe what it does next or how you would use/
1120: A function to get the filename of an input file.  The name is based on Era and id . e..g., "era10"_id348976 would return "/
1121: Extracting the id of an existing Github's public gem. The input is in format "user/repo". It returns user name only if it exists, otherwise return nil or empty strings respectively
1122: Checks if the input is numerically or string representation of number.  If it's either, returns #true; otherwise return false .   "    ". Code checks whether an object can be
1123: A function that calculates the position of an object in space. It takes as input its initial and final positions, along with steps to be taken during each step; it returns one point at which they
1124: Checks if the sum of two numbers is possible. If one number equals to ten and other equal zero, then it returns false; otherwise checks whether there are more digits in first digit than second
1125: Convert list of strings to numbers. The input is assumed as an array/list with elements being the digits in each number separated by commas and enclosed within square brackets []. For example
1126: Converts false values to none.  If the input is not falsy, it returns original unaltered result as 'None'.   This function can be used in place of if statements when
1127: Convert decimal to octals. Code snippet provided by user, but no specific instructions given in the problem statement or prompts are available so it'll be assumed that conversion is done from right
1128: Returns the intersection of all sets in list.  It uses apply and map to iteratively find intersections between each pair, then applies that result back into an initial empty collection which is returned as output
1129: This function takes in the list of tuples representing maxima and minutiae, then returns two lists with all values from each tuple.  It is used to get both maximums &
1130: Generates the device's unique identifier. The generated id is based on its sysName, firmware version and hardware type of associated with it . e..g., 'Raspberry Pi - Rasp
1131: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from each element in the list.  This is useful when comparing lists of strings to see if they are equal, but it doesn't affect other types like
1132: Normalizes an inputted month to the nearest whole number. If it is not in between one and twelve, then throws error message stating that intervals are out of bounds."   .    Code snip
1133: A function that checks if the coordinates are within board.  	     .   		     				.      									        .....         ...          ......          	   	 	       `(defun check
1134: A function that sums two lists of numbers. If they are equal in length, it appends them together; otherwise an error is raised with message 'encryptd vectosmusthavethesame
1135: A recursive function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. If input is negative, return '-' as it indicates error or invalid number . Otherwise ,calculates and returns digit sums
1136: Calculates the average length of two strings.  If one string is shorter than another, it returns zero to avoid division by zeros in later calculations."  ```    Code explanation : This function calcul
1137: Calculates the kinetic energy of an object with initial mass 'I' and weight ''w'. It is given by half Initial Mass times Weight squared .   [KJ]/kg^(
1138: This function takes an integer as input and checks if it is exactly equal to one less than ten digits. If so, then returns that number in string format with leading zeros removed; otherwise displays
1139: A function that computes the error between two numbers. If |x| is small, it returns absolute value of Y; otherwise return relative difference in X and abs(Y)." ---
1140: Returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses filter and mem to find common elements in both list .   "Intersect" is an operation that finds all items present within one or more collections,
1141: A function that strips newline characters from the end of string. It uses recursion to do so by checking each character in turn and only adding it if not equal '\n'. The process continues until
1142: Returns the next power of two greater than or equal to given number. If input is zero, returns one as it's always positive integer and hence its own 'one'. It also handles negative numbers
1143: Strip whitespaces from the input string.  If no argument is provided, it will strip all types of white spaces including tabs and newline characters .   "Strips" out any leading
1144: A function that generates all possible sub strings of the inputted String. It uses recursion to generate each individual character's potential subsequence and then combines them into larger sequences until it reaches an empty
1145: Returns the headers in order of their keys.  If they are not present, it returns an empty list or nil if no such key is found and fallback value provided as argument to dict ref function
1146: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. It keeps track if elements have been seen in both head and tail list, thus avoiding duplicates when calculating intersections between them." --->
1147: Converts boolean values to their corresponding symbols. If the input is already in its true/ false form, it returns as such; otherwise conversts string inputs into booleans using case ins
1148: A function that returns the first element of its argument if it exists, otherwise return '(' .  The second part is optional and will be appended to make sure there's always an open parent
1149: Checks if the given '(x, y)' coordinate is inside of rectangle defined by its top left and bottom right points.  The function returns true or false accordingly .   "    ". This
1150: Calculates the total number of seconds from hours, minutes and second.   .    Code is defined in terms that convert an input into its equivalent time value expressed as integer numbers representing hour(s),
1151: A function to construct and publish python packages using twine, the Python package index server tool .  It takes an optional parameter which is used as extra steps before publishing such that you can add any custom
1152: A function that returns the smallest of two numbers. If 'X' is greater than maximum value, it will return Maximum Value; if X less then minimum number ,it would be returned as Min
1153: Returns the sum of all non zero indexes in each list.  Used to get sentence length from indexed heads .   "Getting Actual Sentence Length" is used as per requirement."
1154: Computes corrected and normalizes the percentage of each species in terms per unit.  Normalizing is done by dividing all values with their respective ranks counts, then correcting them based on total number
1155: Replace all occurrences of an element with another. If the input list is empty, it returns its own copy; if there are pairs within that make up part or whole lists then recursively
1156: Checks if two MAC addresses are within one unit of distance. It does so by converting the strings to integers, then comparing them with an absolute difference less than or equal twice their maximum possible value minus
1157: A function that returns the unique groups in an ordered list.  The order of elements is not important, but each group should be distinct from others and contain only one element which belongs to it . If
1158: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in parameters 'a' and	'b', which are assumed to be pairs or lists, representing vector components respectively . The result
1159: Returns the first matching Event ABI in list.  If no match is found, returns #f .   The function takes an Abstraction and string as input parameters to find out if there'
1160: Checks if the HTTP request resulted in an error with status码为'Retry after...'. If so, returns true. Otherwise false." Code snippet : Checking whether
1161: This function takes an integer as input and returns the upper nybble of that number. It is used to extract information from binary numbers in computer systems, such us IP addresses or MAC addressses
1162: Check if both lists are not empty. If so, return true; otherwise false or nil depending on the condition given in parameters of function '(defun worker's and asynchronous done)'."
1163: This function calculates the classification error of an input. It takes as argument one parameter, which is assumed to be m - classifier model parameters and returns its prediction accuracy in percentage form . The formula
1164: A function that checks if the input is lower case.  It uses recursion to check each match in list until it finds one or none left, returning true when found and false otherwise."
1165: Normalizes the input. If it is not one of string, boolean or set then return original value else sort and convert to list if its type was 'Set'.  "   .trim() )
1166: A function that concatenates two lists of strings. If the second list is empty, it returns first one and if not then append to end with rest elements from ‘second’ . It repeats
1167: Classifies the first character of an input string as alphapetical, numerial or special. If it is not one then returns 'unknown'.   .    Code snippet to test
1168: This function trims the garbage in string. It checks if it is empty or not and returns its length, otherwise decrements by one until finds closing bracket ']'. If there are no opening
1169: This function returns the appropriate svg file name based on whether or not validation was successful and what type of error occurred if it wasn't validating successfully."   . )). If no errors occur
1170: Checks if the HTTP status codes are reusability. If yes, then it returns true else false . This function is used to check whether an error occurred due too many requests or server overload
1171: A function that checks if the given regular expression matches any of several patterns in list.  If no match is found, it returns false; otherwise true .   It uses recursion to check all elements
1172: Calculates the total number of kicked balls in one game.  [...]   .(meta))))))." ) ;; end function definition ]' }}}}}} ). '} }} })
1173: Merge two queries based on the condition. If all three are present, merge them together; if any of these conditions is true then return that query else returns null or empty string depending upon whether it
1174: A function that returns the string 'hello' followed by whatever is passed as an argument.  For example, getText("John") would return Hello John .
1175: A function to calculate the time difference in milliseconds between two points. The result is returned as an integer value representing how many ms have passed since 'begin' and now, respectively."
1176: Converts degrees to arc minutes. This function takes an input of the number representing degree and returns its equivalent in Arc Minutes." (checkpoint "1") ;; checkpoints are
1177: A function to generate data from statistics. It splits the input into lines, then maps each line onto another list of lists where first element is key and second one value . Then it applies hashing
1178: A function that takes in an object and returns its equivalent of the same type as if it was represented on one line. If not, then return 't'.  Otherwise map over each element to get
1179: This function sanitsizes the destination by removing any leading slash. If no input is provided, it returns an empty string; otherwise return only if there're trailing or double forwardslashes
1180: A hash table to store the name of different types or categories. The keys are names and values represent their respective category/type in string format, e..g., ArtsEntertainmentReCrea...
1181: A function that returns the element at index 'i' in list. If out of bounds, it will return false or nil respectively." Code is used to get an item from given array
1182: A function to subtract complex numbers.  It takes two parameters, each being an element of the form list(num real part , number imaginary). The output is another such parameter representing one component in
1183: A function to parse and handle the options of sz image compressor. It takes two or four parameters, depending on whether it'll be used as an encoder/decoder in png files
1184: A function to determine the language of an arbitrary text based on its extension. It uses hash table mapping extensions and their corresponding languages as keys/values in order not only speed up lookup but also makes it
1185: Count the number of times 'pattern' appears in string. Code is written to find out how many substrings equal "pattern" are present within given inputted strings and returns that value as output .
1186: Returns the name of an Image.  If it is sha1 hash then remove its prefix and return else just returns original string .   ;;"Image Name")(load "/home/user/.em
1187: A function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an extended Euclidian algorithm. The result is returned as pairs, where first element represents gcd and second one signifies coefficient
1188: Generates the output file name based on input parameters. The function takes four arguments, and generates an appropriate string to be used as part of creating or locating files in disk storage space using these inputs
1189: A function that returns the name of an agent's behavioral policies. The index corresponds to different types or behaviors available in our environment, such as neural networks and space aware inference algorithms etc..
1190: This function takes an individual's response and the number of teams as inputs, then returns their numerical representation. If they respond with more than or less characters it throws error messages otherwise if not only checks
1191: This function calculates the Sidak correction factor based on given parameters, which is used to correct p values in hypothesis testing and confidence intervals calculations by controlling overfitting of estimates . The formula derived from
1192: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "Fact" as its result and stops further execution; otherwise
1193: Checks if the bit at position 'j' in binary representation of number is set. If yes, returns zero else return one .  	    	    }    Code snippet to be replaced
1194: A function to get the natural orbital occupation numbers from an input file.  It uses recursion and lambda functions in order not only read each individual number but also handles nested lists within strings of data
1195: Generates an external name from the given parameters.  The input is combined with '-' to form part of another string, and then returned as output .   It takes two inputs - Project Code &
1196: A function that implements the derivative of PRelu activation. It returns one if input is positive and zero otherwise, with an optional parameter to adjust its slope value as per requirement in deep learning models like
1197: Generates the name of an nparray file that will store noisy parameter sweep results.  The filename is constructed by appending '_' and 'tag', then '.txt'.   This function returns
1198: A function that takes in an array of marker data and returns the same list, but with its elements reversed if it's already at max length. If not yet full then just return as is
1199: Create filename from the end of string.   .e.-g., if input is "abcdef" it will return ".ef".    Code snippet used to create file names in different programming
1200: A function that sums two numbers.  If the inputs are not both integers or floats, it throws an error message stating so."   .'    '     ,,,,'     ` ```
1201: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'true', returns #t, if it's any of these strings or none/null then return false; otherwise throws an error .  Code sn
1202: Checks if one string is subset of another.  Returns true or false accordingly .'s"	   }]}]}],[{ "name": "/subsequence",	"description":"Check
1203: Flatens the inputted lists into one single, flat array.  It uses apply to combine all elements of each sublist in order and returns them as an output .  	Example :(Fl
1204: Removes the specified string from start of input.  If it is found, returns new version with removed part and underscore at end; otherwise just return original value as no change made to output .
1205: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character.  If the input is already in string form, it returns as such; otherwise converts into char using 'character' function and return resultant value
1206: A function that takes an integer between -inf and inf as input, returns the corresponding color in RGB format. The colors are defined by wheel position relative to center of range [-496; +
1207: Split parameters into list of strings.  Parameters are split by commas and returned as separate elements in the resulting lists .   '(#\space #\,).' is used to denote
1208: A function to choose color based on layer type. Conv layers are red, Pool Layers blue and Inner Product green otherwise purple."   .   ```python ```ruby Code : Choose the
1209: Extracting version from string. If the input is not of type 'STRING or starts with "@" then return false else extracts and returns it as STRING .   Ex : if we pass
1210: A function to compare two strings. If the string is not equal, it returns -> . Otherwise , return <>  if they are both empty or one character long and > otherwise."   }}}
1211: A function to calculate the time required by an electric vehicle's charger.  The input parameters are power, kilowatthours consumed and State of Charge in % .The efficiency is also
1212: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lacks comments or meaningful variable names, which makes it
1213: Returns the credit multiplier based on index of current building's floors in ascending order, starting from zero."  	    		   	   	 			     									       .;.. .....
1214: Checks if the given ID is valid within range. If not, returns false; otherwise true." Code:. . :.. ..... ......... ... -.-i.... ---e --
1215: Returns the negative of positive number 'pos' with respect to threshold value ‘t’ . If t is less than or equal zero, it returns -inf and if greater then return negation result
1216: Computes the sum of minimum values in each sublist.  Input is list/array with integers or floats, output as integer / float .   Summation starts from left to right and top
1217: This function checks if the input is of type 'tissue class files' or list and returns its corresponding file name when it ends with '.segs'. If not, then return #F;
1218: Flatens the field of plays.  Input is an ordered list, each element in turn being another sequence representing one player's hand and their score respectively . Output will be flatened version where all
1219: A function that sorts the list of tuples by second element in ascending order.  It uses string greater than comparison to sort elements based on their score values, which are represented as strings and
1220: Extracting text from an HTML Element.  If the given argument is not of type htmlElement, it returns false; otherwise extracts and return its content as string .   "html" ->
1221: A function that returns the origin of an admin unit in USA. If not US, it will return its conversion dictionary value if present else false or nil .   }}}}}}"}))))).'
1222: A function that adds corresponding elements of two lists element wise.  If one or both input are empty, it returns an emtpy resultant vector/array .   if the lengths differ then only
1223: Returns the domain list of an URL.  This function is used to get domains from urls in dictionary format .   It's called when user wants all available base and sub directories or files on
1224: Expands the given string to include an optional period at its end if it does not already have one, and returns that expanded version of itself as resultant output from function expandPrefiX . It
1225: A function that removes leading spaces from string. It uses recursion to handle nested strings and returns the modified version of it if there are any remaining nonspace characters, otherwise return an empty String .
1226: This function returns the path to pheWAS codes file in given directory"  .  	; Exported Function Definition ; End of Code Block    } ) "Exporting get ic d
1227: Checks if the given string is gzipped. It does so by opening and reading two bytes from input stream, then closing it after checking whether they are equal to "gzip magic number".
1228: Returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are negative, returns that number instead." --->(defun max (-a -b . optional)->  "Returns either '(-
1229: Checks if the given string contains any numbers.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   [1pt]    Code : check whether an email is valid or not by using regex
1230: Convert the given integer to its corresponding string representation.  If it's not recognized, return 'ind'.   .    Code snippet used in other functions or procedures that require conversion of integers
1231: A function to find the median of three numbers.  It uses conditional statements and if/then logic in order tp determine which number is smaller or larger than others, then returns that as its result
1232: A function to generate Jekyl's URL.  It takes in the relative filepath and returns its corresponding absolute url on jekyls site root directory . e..g., if you
1233: Validates the current environment. Returns true if it is one of SQL, Flink or any other supported environments else returns false  .   [END] Code Summary : validate whether we are in an
1234: Counts the unique numbers of antennas visited.  It takes as input an array with all antenna locations and returns count how many different antentnae are there in total .   The hash table
1235: This function calculates the noise peak of an audio signal, which is defined as halfway between two peaks in time domain."  	     .    "The amplitude and nyquist frequency are
1236: Checks if the input is numeric. 1 - true, otherwise false or error message 'error'.   . The function uses string format to convert number into integer and then checks whether it'
1237: Compare two configurations. If one is null, it returns true; if not both are equal and the rest of them have been compared recursively then return result else false."  [END]
1238: Computes the average of all non empty records in 'ground truth classes' dictionary and returns it as an output parameter to function caller, if no record is found then return zero else compute resultant
1239: Checks if the input number is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true or 'one line'. Code checks whether given integer value can be divided by any other integers up
1240: Checks if the given object is transmitters.  It checks whether its name ends with ' tx'. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false .   Code snippet to be used
1241: A function that returns the sentiment of an input number. Positives are represented as 'positive', negatives by '-negative' and neutral is returned with no sign (-)." . ```python
1242: Checks if the source is supported extension. 1/3 of all files are .DOC,  60% -> %d%. Files with extensions like '.pdf','.ods
1243: A function to strip illegal characters from the input string, allowing only alphanumerics and underscores (_). The rest are ignored .   Code length :10 lines    Author:@author ,
1244: A function that returns the percentage of completion as string. If percent is greater than two, it rounds off to nearest hundredth and converts into number; otherwise return an empty sting."   .
1245: Returns the name of an hiker's control point.  The returned string is in format 'character_effector'. For example, if you call it with parameters ('A', '_ctrl
1246: Checks if two given strings are anagrams. It does so by comparing the character counts of each string, ignoring spaces and case differences in comparison . If they have same count then it is
1247: Sets the current setting of an on/off switch. 0 is off, any other number will be considered as 'on'. The resultant string would look like ISETOFF or ISON
1248: A function that calculates the score of an item based on its position in list, with lower positions being higher scores." (code)"   }}}}}}"    "} }} ) . -
1249: Generates an artist's name and number of their follower count. 	Input is the dictionary containing information about one individual musician or band, output will be in string format with details on
1250: This function takes an IPI number as input and returns the same string if it is not empty, otherwise appends enough zeros to make its length equal with 'n' characters. The result will
1251: A function that converts list of strings into sentence.  If the input is empty, it returns an emtpy string; if there's only one word in its argument then return just th
1252: A function that moves the robot in one of four directions based on an input string. The first character indicates which way to move, and then is followed by how far along it should be moved from its
1253: Convert the input to table format. If it is already in tabular form, return as list of lists; otherwise convert into one line string with each element separated by comma and space .  [(
1254: Finds the first video in list that matches with given id.  If no match is found, returns false .   "(l par ID)" represents an integer value representing unique identifier of left parent
1255: A function that takes one argument, multiplies it by itself five times.  This is the quintics ease in effect of easing out . It's used to make an object move slower
1256: Checks if the child string is subkey of parent. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or null/undefined depending on whether it's not possible to make such comparison with given strings and
1257: Convert all lower case letters in the string to upper. If input is space, return it as output directly without conversion  .  ```python ``` python Code : Converts every character of an
1258: Checks if the first two elements are inerta and third one is constant. If not, returns false otherwise true .  It checks whether all four conditions of grouped together form an "InERT
1259: A function to calculate the MUNSLL value of an object based on its age in years at moon's perihelion, using equation from Moon’s orbit around Earth as reference point
1260: A function that returns the English word representation of an integer. If input is not in [(integer between -9 and +9)] then it will return "Unknown Number". The numbers are represented as
1261: Calculates the number of players in each team. The input is three lists, one with names and two teams respectively - "Crickets" & "- Bad Mentions". This function returns how many
1262: This function unsets the specified 'bb' position in binary representation of an integer. It does so by performing AND operation with complementary value and shifting it to desired location, effectively removing that particular set
1263: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. If the input is not valid, return #F; otherwise convert it into Hex format and returns as string (#). The function takes three arguments - red
1264: This function takes in the name of an nMap file and replaces all percent signs with double percentage symbols. It is used to clean up filenames that may contain invalid characters or spaces, which
1265: Converts the given level of severety to its corresponding numeric value in terms 4 levels - Information, Low , Meduim and High . The higher number means more seriousness or critical
1266: Generates the solution of an expression in python.  If it is defined as function or method, then returns its definition; otherwise formats and return itself .   It also handles other types like list ,
1267: Remove characters from string.  Uses recursion to remove specified chracters in the given input strings, and returns new modified version of it as output." }}}}}}"
1268: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that converts temperature from degrees farenheight into cesuis scale of tempreature .  1 degree = 0
1269: A function to calculate the fuel required by an object given its mass in kg, rounded down and then subtracted from twice that amount using integer division of three times divided resultant value with two . This
1270: A function to return the normalized version of an input vector. If 'length' is not provided, it will normalize by default as per its magnitude; otherwise based on given value." (
1271: Checks if the given path is on storage. If it'll be, returns true; otherwise false or nil . (define *storage* '()) ) ; list of all paths that
1272: Convert date string to canonical format. If the input is empty, return an emtpy result; if it's too long then pad with zeros until its length reaches exactly equal or longer than
1273: Transposes the dimensions of an input tensor.  The transposed output can then feed into another layer in your network, depending on its configuration and requirements .   If you are using TensorFlow/
1274: Decodes CP 1047 from UTF8 to ASCII. Replaces accented characters with their equivalent non accentuated character if any exist in the string, otherwise leaves it as
1275: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as stripping out all special characters, digits or whitespace.  It is used to cleanse sensitive data from logs/error messages
1276: Checks if the input is valid range. It should be nonnegative integer less than or equal to nine."; (code);"\n"; "Returns true when it's an acceptable
1277: Checks if the given string contains any numbers. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned." Code snippet to test your function with some examples and check its correct
1278: Decodes an ERD integer to its decimal equivalent. Code is written in Scheme language and uses the builtin functions number, convertion from hexadecimal/binary representation of numbers into dec
1279: A function that takes three integers as input and returns the color represented by those inputs. The colors are combined using bit wise operations to create an RGB value, then shifted left one byte so it can be
1280: This function constructs the URL by combining base,dataset path and endpoint.  It is used to generate urls in different contexts like API calls or file paths etc..   .
1281: This function displays an error message and then exits the program. It is used to handle errors that occur when trying access unauthorised resources or functions in our application .
1282: A function to convert Fahrenheit degrees into Celsius, given the temperature in farenheight as input parameter" . "(F -> c)"   }}"}".format
1283: Returns 'Success' if the money is positive, otherwise returns an error message. This function checks whether or not to give change based on how much cash we have and what kind of product/service it
1284: This function returns the group size based on file sizes. It takes one argument, which is assumed to be in bytes and determines how many groups of that much data can fit into memory at once."
1285: Trims the string to remove PEP prefixes.  It also removes 'Enhanc' from Python enhancement proposals and replaces spaces with hyphens in place of them, then trims it
1286: Checks if the input string is composed of only base characters A, T , C or G. If yes then returns true else false .   Code checks whether all bases are present in given sequence and
1287: Removes adjacent duplicates from an array.  It checks if the first two elements are equal and removes them, otherwise it keeps one of each pair in order to keep only unique pairs that form adj
1288: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
1289: A function that removes the trailing slashes from strings. If string starts with /, it will remove all characters after first '/'. Else if ends in/, then only those before last character is
1290: A function that checks if the file extension of an URL is one we don't want to process.  It returns true when it finds any .xxx files in its input, and false otherwise;
1291: This function checks the syntax of all given model definitions. If any definition is not valid, it prints an error message and returns with nonzero status indicating failure to further process or run scripts in parallel mode
1292: A function to update the evaluation values based on prediction and target. It takes four parameters - true positive, false negative ,false positve &true negatives .It returns list of updated value in order
1293: Convert the number of bit to megabits. Code snippet that converts given no .of binary digs into its equivalent in MB unit."; (code): Conver
1294: Convert entity names to plain text.  For example, @user -> User .   Entity name is the string that comes after '.' in an event log entry." (defun ent
1295: A function to decode an array of ID'S into corresponding word in the given dictionary. If no matching key is found, it returns empty list . The input and output are both arrays with same
1296: Returns the coordinates of point in plane.  The input is two numbers, representing width and height respectively; returns one number per coordinate pair as output." . "(defun gettoplant"
1297: Replace the __ with _ in joint names.  If there is an underscore, it splits and replaces first part of name by '_'. (provided that 'joint'
1298: A function that returns the separating character based on its string representation.  It can handle pipe, comma , space and tab characters as well newline . If none of these are provided it will return
1299: A function that returns the button pressed by mouse coordinates. If no such “press” exists, it will return false . The first argument is maximum x coordinate of current screen and second one - y
1300: Computes the color associated with each of three labels. If no such mapping exists, it returns black as default." Code is used to map different integer values into colors in RGB format which
1301: This function takes as input an array of paths and returns the same structure, but with all empty or null elements removed. It does so by mapping over each element in every sublist within 'input',
1302: Returns list of numbers from the input.  It uses recursion to traverse through each element in given lists and only keeps those that are numeric values, otherwise it skips them out by using
1303: A function to determine if an integer is prime. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm, which has been proven correct and efficient up until about halfway through its execution time limit
1304: Parses the input string to extract and return value based on colon or newline character.  If no such separator is found, it returns original text as output .  1 line only function
1305: Checks if one set is subset of another.  If the first element in 'set' matches with any elements from other sets, it will continue to check until all items are checked or no more
1306: A function that returns the score of an answer based on how many humans are involved in it." (code): Code to be tested by your program, if any -> None"    }
1307: A function that takes two positions and returns them sanatized to be within the range of -8..+9. If they are out side these bounds, it will return closest boundary value in those
1308: This function standardises the input string by converting it to lower case and removing leading/trailing white spaces. If an empty or null value is passed, then #F will be returned as there are
1309: A function that calculates the smoother estimate of an estimator. The formula used is based on average number plus one divided by total count or summation in each iteration which makes it more like smooth
1310: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .'s and it calculates
1311: Resolve the id of an object with given name in provided list.  If not found, return nil .   [END] Code:.    :param ->title<-.     ::::
1312: Convert the first three letters of each word in input to its corresponding number. For example, 'Jan' would be converted into '. ..' and so on." Code snippet used
1313: A function that calculates the polynomial value at point 'n'. The coefficients of poly are passed as list.  If no coefficient is given, it returns zero . It uses recursion to calculate power
1314: This function returns all the names in an action dictionary.  It uses 'actions' as input and generates output of type list with each name from keys(action).   . The result is returned by
1315: Convert integer to string. The input is multiplied by ten million and then converted into an array of characters, which are concatenated together in reverse order as the output resultant from conversion process .
1316: This function calculates the speed of sound in water given molecular weight and volume, using an approximation from Einstein' s theory . It is based on formulae derived by Albert Einstein to calculate it as per
1317: Checks if two lists have common elements.  If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether one list contains the same items as another in any order and
1318: A function to reduce the degree of rotation. It takes an angle in degrees and returns it reduced by one full circle, wrapping around from +/-π radians if necessary." --->
1319: Calculates the derivative of KF with respect to density in terms 1/n .   [Kalman Filter]    "Derive" means compute or calculate something from another thing, here
1320: This function takes in an input tuple and returns the same output as if it were unnested. If there is only one element, then return that single value; otherwise keep returning original list of elements
1321: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor function. It uses iteration instead to find gdc using Euclid's algorithm which is much faster than its iterative counterpart."   }
1322: A function that filters out the empty elements from list.  It uses recursion to filter through each element in case of an non - null input, and if it is not found then returns nothing .
1323: Projects vector '(xx,yy,...,zz)' onto the basis vectors of 3D space. The result is represented as three numbers in list format." ---> Code snippet to
1324: This function takes an integer as input and returns the next even number. If it is already odd, then return itself otherwise increment by one to make its value always be either zero or positive . It'
1325: A function to convert identifiers into strings. It replaces dots with underscores and converts numbers, symbols or string parts of the input list/vector elements that are not already in its format
1326: Checks if all elements in the list are unique. If not, returns false; otherwise true .'s"   }]], "code": [["(defun", ["checklist"],
1327: Convert string to float in percentage format"   . "(x): input value, return the converted number as floating point."    }}}}}}'    ```     ``` ` `` '}''
1328: Computes the JACCARD similarity between two lists.  The function takes in as input one or more sets of items and returns their intersection size divided by union set sizes, which is an effective
1329: Normalizes an input list of numbers by dividing each element in the given sequence with its sum, and returns original if it's zero to avoid division error when calculating average or mean value; otherwise
1330: A function that maps an input number to the range of output numbers.  The mapping is linear and continuous, with values being scaled up or down according as if they were mapped from one interval into another
1331: Checks if the input list contains an '@@' symbol.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	Inputs : List of strings or symbols , Output is boolean indicating whether
1332: A function that calculates the next day's temperature. It uses two stacks to keep track of temperatures and their corresponding indices in an array, so it can find out what days are warmer
1333: A function to calculate the total cost of all items in an order, excluding dollar sign and considering different types like pizza or drink."   }]], "code": [{}]}];;
1334: A function to convert an old style msg id into the new one. If it's in legacy format, then return as MSB_.identifier otherwise use index lookup method .If no match found display
1335: Extracting items from the Wall of User's Facebook profile. The result is in JSON format and stored as hash table with keys like likes, reposted etc., which are then converted to string
1336: Returns the sub string from 'offset' to ('amount') characters after starting at position. If negative, returns an empty String."  ```    } ``` in Clojure Code : A
1337: Returns the path of an object, or its name if it is not recognized.  If no file exists at that location then returns '(undefined)' .   This function will be used to format paths
1338: Convert the given Stop ID into an integer. The first part of it is converted to number, second one as decimal and third will be in hexadecimal format." (defun convertStop
1339: A function that converts the given number of inches to metric measurements. It first divides by ten hundred and then finds out any remaining inchages left over which are considered as cm in total measurement .
1340: A function to generate trace log messages.  The format is <sender id > :  <message content>  .   It'll be used in the Raspberry Pi Logger module of an application
1341: A function that returns the sign of an input. If it're less than zero, return '-', if greater then '+'. Else just give back as is ie., "zero".
1342: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than or equal two, and return one otherwise it returns sum of previous numbers in fib series
1343: A recursive function to calculate the cost of moving from one point on Earth's surface. The costs are calculated as follows - if we move straight, it takes us 'distance'. If not directly
1344: Convert each word to title case. Code is used in Jade language, which converts text into the style of an old man named Jack Duck who was known as one and only two characters long
1345: A function to convert the normalized point into its corresponding denormalization. This is done by subtracting from it, then adding back with respect of original scale and origin .   Inputs are : Normal
1346: A function that calculates the value of an element in Pascal's triangle. The index is given as two integers, and it returns its corresponding number from pascal’ s Triangle . If
1347: Checks if the given string is valid according to an expression language. The input should be two strings, and it checks whether they are equal in value up until one of them has reached its end or
1348: Finds the smallest header level in .txt files. It looks at each ## and spaces prefixed string to find out how many levels deep it is, starting from one (#). If no such
1349: This function returns the type or operation to perform on an object.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that handle actions related specifically towards finding and filtering objects within our system." (END
1350: A function that calculates the hour angle between two hands on clock. The input is list of hours and minutes, output will be an integer representing time difference in degrees from midday to given hand'
1351: Inserts 'three' into the list at position specified by index. The new length of array is one more than original, and all elements after that are shifted to right in order not affected."
1352: Calculates the density of an object. Inputs are in cubic meters and returns result as kg/m^3 .   [Density] [Volume]: The total amount that can be filled
1353: Generates SQL LIMIT clause. 		   .eox    Code snippet to limit the number of rows returned by an sql query, similar as in MS Access or MySQL database management system..
1354: Generates an empty board of the specified dimension.  The number in each cell is represented by either . or | depending on whether it's occupied with X, and '-', respectively..   ;
1355: This function takes in one argument, shifts it by two units and scales up. It is used to convert an angle from degrees into radians before performing trigonometric operations on that value." (
1356: Convert dBm to watthours. Code snippet that conversts given value in decibel milliways per hour into its equivalent power consumption rate, expressed as Watths of electricity
1357: Get the position of forward read. If stranded, return relative to start site; if not then absolute from reference genome location given by 'target'. The result is in base pair coordinates within that
1358: Returns the elements of list '(a b c d e)' at indices specified by vector "'(1 3)" .'  		.   			"Returns [b,d]".;
1359: A function to subtracting one from the stream id. It takes in an ID and returns it with its last two digits decremented by ones, if possible; otherwise just return original string as
1360: Checks if the given 'dimension' and current index are at an overflowing point. If so, returns #true; otherwise return false .   [END] Code:.   ```python `
1361: Finds the maximum value that can be achieved by taking items from available list. Items are taken one at time, and it is not possible if there're no more elements in given array/
1362: Sanitation of input string by removing common English sentence terminators and punctuations, leaving only alphanumeric characters left in the text to be processed further downstream."  [END]
1363: This function calculates the objective value of an optimization problem. It takes as input four parameters - sum, first derivative and second derivatives with respect to x or y coordinates respectively; it returns their weighted average
1364: A function that replaces all occurrences of keys in the map with their corresponding values.  The result is then returned as string data type .   "Replace" means to replace, not change
1365: A function that returns the unigram of each word in list.  If input is empty, it will return an emtpy result set .   It uses recursion to generate all possible combinations
1366: This function takes in the full names of people and returns their initial letters. It uses list to store all possible abbreviations, then it removes any that are not partials from inputted string using l
1367: A recursive function to calculate the value of an integer raised in power. The base is represented by 'val' and its exponent as given at input, ie., comp(base , exp).
1368: A function to convert 1D index into linearized column major order. The input is two indices and the size of matrix in each dimension, it returns one dimensional position within that array/matrix .
1369: Checks if the given data is an ISA/X.xx format file or not .   Code checks whether it starts with 'ISAX' and has at least three characters left after that,
1370: This function splits an inputted long textual segmented by 'n' number of chunks. It uses quotients and remainders to determine how many iterations it needs per chunk, then slices
1371: A function that returns the length of each individual character in an input string.  It ignores spaces and counts only alphabetic characters .   For example, if you call `(apply +
1372: This function takes in an ordered set of sets and returns the same elements as they are, but sorted.  It is used to convert between lists/elements that have been converted from one format into another
1373: A function to get the bit at given position in an integer. It uses arithmetic shift and AND operation on integers."   }]], "code" := `(lambda () ((bytevector
1374: Generates the reachable matrix of an inputted directed acyclic graphs.  The function first defines two helper functions, dfs and df . DFS is used to find if there're
1375: Generates the URL of browser based on given IP and Port number(s). If no specific ip or ports are provided, it will default to localhost with http protocol if not specified otherwise using https one
1376: Generates random keys of given lengths.  Each character in the key is randomly chosen from 'a' to z', and digits, with no repetition allowed .   If called without an argument
1377: A function that concatenates the given strings before and after an input string.  The result is then returned as one single, combined LaTeX command .   "Adds" two other commands to
1378: Checks if two histoies are the same.  If they're, returns #true; otherwise it will return false."   }]],[{ :name => 'get',
1379: Flatens the input list. If an element is not of type '(or lambda or number), it will be returned as such, otherwise recursive call to flaten function applied on each item
1380: A function to find the nearest item in an ordered list. It uses recursion and keeps track of which one is closest so far, until it has checked all elements or finds no closer ones left .
1381: Checks if the given Tile is one of DORA's terminal tiles. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (endcode )    }}}}}} . " \
1382: Returns true if the chunk ends with one of two tags.  If it does, returns false otherwise."   . -> end/start chunks in text processing tasks like tokenization and parsing
1383: Convert number to human readable format using K, M or G suffixes based on the value of input parameter 'x'. If not applicable it returns original numeric string representation .   [END OF
1384: A function that calculates the value of 'precision' in relation to its numeric part. If it is zero, then multiplies by ten; otherwise adds one and gives result as relative measure
1385: Code to calculate the solution of linear equation ax + by = e. If x and y are solutions, return them else returns 'vo sung phuong trinh vo ngay'. if
1386: A function that calculates the accuracy of two numbers, taking into account their scaling and rounding errors."   . "A simple yet effective way to check if one number is within another" }}}
1387: This function calculates the decay factor of polynomial regression in each iteration based on how many times it has been trained and tested, with an initial value at .987643 to start reducing
1388: Finds the version attribute of an object. If it exists, returns its value; otherwise return '_default'. . Code is used to find out if there're any modifications made on that particular file
1389: Generates reverse DNS name from IP addresses or domain names, based on the type of input provided (. in addr . arpa).  If an IPvX address is given it will return its corresponding R
1390: A recursive function to find the minimum number of coins needed. The problem is that it only works with positive denominators and does not consider whether we can use more than one denomination in each
1391: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is cached in memory, so it's very fast even with large numbers . It uses memotization technique
1392: A function that adds up all the numbers in an input list. It uses let to define local variables and set them equal, then use + operator with each number from given array of integers/floats
1393: Generates the string representation of DMC tasks.  The format is "domainName - Task Name".  	;TODO add more details here...' . ) ; TODO complete with additional information
1394: Finds the nearest neighbour of each point in an array. If there is no lower left neighbor, it returns false; otherwise return its coordinates as pair or else if not possible to find any other neighb
1395: This function takes in list of pairs and returns the mirror image. It creates new lists by appending original elements to their mirrored counterparts, thus creating an infinite loop if input is not correctly
1396: A linear interpolation function. It maps the input value to an output between two given values, with equal weightage on both ends of range and linearly distributed within that interval if it falls into middle part
1397: Returns the error message from an error log. If no errors found, returns empty string.""".' . ')))))).'. ''')(lambda () => { return "Returns true if all
1398: Returns the full path of given input. If it is not absolute, then adds '/' at end to make sure its an absoute url or relative one . It also handles cases where there might be
1399: A function to remove the specified 'prefixed' part from an inputted text. If it doesn’t exist, return original strings as they are not modified by stripping any prefices of other
1400: Checks if the given name is not related to recursion. 0/1 . True or False respectively depending on whether it's one of two specific names that are used in some form by
1401: Transforms the input string according to given rules.  If no rule is provided, it defaults case insensitivity and appends original word with itself until reaching non pair or number element then returns as
1402: Checks if all characters in the input string are non letters.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python's builtin function "all" which checks whether
1403: Convert str to bool. If the input is 'True', return true, if it's either yes or y then also returns True else false .   e..g :(code:(defun
1404: A function that copies the first three elements of its input list.  It returns these as new lists in order, with one element missing if there are not enough items to copy . The result is an
1405: Checks if the given object is an empty list.  If it's not, returns its first element; otherwise return false or nil depending on whether there are more elements in sequence to check .
1406: A function to format the default value of an argument. It takes in one parameter, and returns it as formatted string with '*' characters inserted at appropriate places depending on its length."   . $
1407: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial lr by factor of sqrt(alpha), where 'sqrt' is used to control decay over time, and it starts with an increase in LR from
1408: This function returns the default KMER size to use when calling velvet.py or other similar tools that require it, based on whether an assembly tool is being used and what its input parameters are
1409: Checks if all the letters in given string are unique. If yes, returns true else false .   "    }" )} ,,,,"")(#\a -1)(0),
1410: Counts the number of lines in an ASCII text document. If there are blank or empty newLines, it counts them as one extra Line .   Code length : ~38 characters
1411: Parses an XML Boolean value.  If the input is not valid, it throws error message.";   }}}}}}" -> {{{{#/code} (#lang racket
1412: Finds the number of occurrences in list. If case insensitive, it will count upper and lower cases as same occurrence . e..g : find(list 'a' "A"
1413: Returns the square roots of all numbers in list 's'. The input is filtered to only include perfect squares and then mapped over, returning their root values as output." (square [16
1414: A function to get the root of project url from list.  It checks each element in 'list' if it is prefix with given string, and returns first match found or empty otherwise .   "
1415: Calculates the relative difference between two sequences of complex numbers, treating them like polynomials with coefficients in terms from Z and P respectively . If there are more zeroes than polos then it raises an exception
1416: Replace the rightmost occurrence of 'target' in each part. If there is only one segment left, return it as such without modification; otherwise replace all but last element with given "replacement
1417: A function that returns the current version of Django in use on your system, as well information about its context .'s 'request'. This is useful when debugging or logging requests to see what
1418: This function cleans an id by replacing all non alphanumeric characters with underscores.  It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace from the string before cleaning it up, and conver
1419: Combines two results into one. If both are lists, it appends them together; if only the first is list and second isn't - returns that as result of operation ; otherwise , merg
1420: This function takes two lists as arguments and returns the list of elements that are in both.  It uses an empty check to ignore any blank strings, then checks if each element is present within another given
1421: A function that returns an error response in the format of hash.  The input is two parameters, one being required and another optional with default values as ''.   .'s/n',''
1422: A function to convert RGB color space into grayscale scale using the formula of converting an image from one type/space(RGB, HSV etc.)to another .'s input is
1423: A function that calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The result is an approximation of how much closer one point to another, based on steps taken from start till end."   [END]
1424: Combines two sequences of records by matching dates. If one key is missing, it will display an error message and exit programmatically; if both keys are present then they get combined with '&
1425: Returns the data type of input.  If it's string, returns 'Text'. For numerics return as well named number types like integer or float etc.. Otherwise text is returned by default .
1426: Checks if the given number is float. 10 digits after decimal point allowed in numbers like .34, -9876., etc..'s not considered as floar
1427: This function checks the validity of various options passed to squid server setup script and returns an appropriate message if invalid argument found otherwise it will return empty string . It also handles different types errors like cache hosts
1428: Checks whether the given inputted text represents an empty line or comment. Returns true when it finds either of these two types and false otherwise." . " " ,,,,"    ) ;
1429: Creates whitespace string. If 'usetab' is true, uses '\t', otherwise creates space characters."  	     . "Creating the function to create white spacing based on
1430: Filters out directories from the list of paths.  It uses built in function 'path?' to check if each element is not directory or file, then returns only those elements which are indeed directores
1431: Computes the signed distance from one line to another. The two points are defined by their coordinates in space, and they must be on opposite sides of each other or not at all; otherwise it will
1432: Projects vector v onto the ECEF basis. The input vectors are in meters and represent position, velocity or acceleration components of an object with respect to Earth'st center mass frame . Returns result
1433: A function to check if the number is odd. It returns true or false based on whether it's an evenly divisible by two, ie., not both are zero and has no remainder
1434: Calculates the nearest integer to 'value' within range [bound.m..bounds] using specified number of equal width intervals, and returns it as an index into array/list "array".
1435: A function that splits the inputted 'value' into substrings based on character or subcharacter delimiter.  The result is then concatenated together with no spaces in between each part of
1436: A function to calculate the volume of prisms.  Inputs are base and side length, outputs is volumne in cubic units." (check if it'll work with given inputs
1437: Convert the given graduation dates into readable format. The input is in 'YYYMDD' and output will be formatted as per months name followed by its respective years like January, February etc
1438: Parses the given string into its component parts. The first part is treated as an integer, representing group number and second one represents hashed value of that particular bundle/version in hexadec
1439: Checks if the given integer is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to test your function with some examples : Testing example(#{
1440: A recursive function that skips over certain number of newline characters in the input string. If no line to skip is provided, it will return total length or size if all are consumed else returns
1441: Checks if the given input is prefixed with another. If it's true, returns #t else false .   Code snippet to test function :(check 'aabbaaba
1442: Appends the query to be used in an SQL statement.  The first parameter is either 'and' or one of ==, !=  , > etc., depending on what kind operation you want
1443: Defines the function float division.  It takes two numbers and returns their quotient as floating point number .'s one line description of what it does."  	; done in python, but
1444: A function that takes two numbers and returns the result of subtracting one from another.  It's called negation, as it inverts or reverses an operation by changing its sign on
1445: This function filters out the unused channels from given list of transits. It uses hash to identify unique ids and conditional statements in order check if each transit is part or not, then it recurs
1446: This function returns the maximum number of repetitions in any record pattern.  It is used to determine how many times an element can be repeated within another sequence or list, and thus determines its degree/
1447: Checks if the given input is blank. If it's not, returns #true; otherwise return false or nil depending on whether there are any non whitespaces in your provided text."
1448: A function to display the given list of compiler or interpreter errors. If no error is provided, it will return that there are none; otherwise returns all unexpected and encountered issues in formated string format
1449: Checks if the string has more than one character. If it does, returns #true; otherwise return false or empty depending on whether there is an opening brace in front of 'text'.   .
1450: This function takes in an HTML string and converts bold tags into markdown format. It also handles nested <strong><\/stron> <br / > to convert them back, if necessary . If
1451: A function that calculates the sum of all numbers from one to given number. For example, if we call `(sumToN '3)(*'48')` it will return "
1452: This function calculates the maximum importance of trajectories. It takes as input an array with trajectory importances and returns their average value, but taking into account that it is not possible to have more than one
1453: Returns the longitude and latitute of given map tiles. The input is expected to be in format "x,y". For example '38679,-' gives you -longit
1454: Creates an element with the given 'label' and child elements.  The result is not terminal, but can be further processed by other functions or used as input to another function that creates more complex
1455: This function takes in an ordered list of group names and returns the disjoint set. It does so by checking if each element is present as its first member or not, thus creating sets that are completely separate
1456: Parses an address string into its numerical value. If the input is in hexadecimal, it converts to decimal; otherwise if ends with GB or MB then multiplies by appropriate power
1457: Computes the number of digits in FIBO sequence. The function takes an integer as input and returns count how many numbers are there until that point, where each new digit is added to current
1458: Checks if the given argument is of type sympy.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . "Checking whether an element in list or tuple form can be considered as
1459: Returns the number of oxygen atoms in one molecule with given atomic numbers as input, assuming that all other elements are assumed to be empty and not counted towards total atom count . The formula used is
1460: A function that performs division. If the divisor is zero, it raises an error message stating 'cannot divided' . Otherwise ,it returns quotient of two numbers."   }}}}}}"
1461: A function that calculates the timeline of progression.  It takes three parameters - duration, currentTime and End Time . If it is not yet reached to completion then returns remaining days otherwise return
1462: A function to calculate the delta between two points in k dimensions. If either of them is at origin, returns zero; if one point on x axis and another y or z axes return respective values
1463: Counts the number of tilINGS in an array with 'n' elements. The function uses recursion to calculate and returns count based on given conditions . If less than five, it calculates
1464: This function partitions the AWS regions. It returns 'AWS' if not in any of these specifics, otherwise it will return one from ['CN', ...] or [] depending on whether we are
1465: A function that converts an input into list form. If the argument is already in lists, it returns itself; otherwise convert to string and split by comma separator then return as List of strings .
1466: Finds unfinished neighbors of each cell in the given list.  The function is recursive and uses helper functions to check if cells are adjacent or not, as well checking whether they have been visited
1467: This function takes an input of 'angle' and returns the same value if it is within -180 to +179 degrees. If not, then wraps that number around from negative
1468: A function that calculates the product of two numbers. If one or both are zero, it returns 0; otherwise return their multiplication result." (code/text "")"    }
1469: A function that truncates the string to 'n' characters if it is longer than or equal. If not, returns original text but with ellipsis appended at end of sentence/word..
1470: A function that switches the first two elements of input list. If they are not in order, it returns them as reversed pair .  Input is assumed to be ordered pairs and output will also always
1471: Returns the abbreviation of an inputted string.  If it's not recognized, returns error message.";   }}}}}});">]];]]])]);])))))). ][[
1472: A function that rounds the scores of students.  It takes in an array/list with all their respective grades and returns another list where each grade is rounded to its nearest whole number, representing them after
1473: Checks if point is within the box defined by four corners of it and its half size in each dimension .  3D space, with center at origin(origin)."    }]], "
1474: A function that cuts the coordinates of an object based on its distance from origin. If it is within given 'threshold' then return zero, else returns original coordinate value in specified dimension . e..
1475: Remove HTML tags from text.   [1pts].' . $this - > getName() ;?></a> <span class=\"glyphicon glyphicon-" ,$icon." icon
1476: Normalizes URLs by removing trailling '?' character. If the string is empty, returns an emtpy String; otherwise it removes any ending question mark and adds http if not present in front
1477: A function to sanatise text by replacing all whitespaces with spaces.  It takes in one argument, the input 'Field Text' and returns it after being cleaned up using lambda functions applied
1478: Converts URLs to filenames.  Replaces http, https and ?% with _ . Removes / from the end of string." --->(#\a -
1479: A function to add two numbers.  It takes in the parameters of both integers and returns their sum as an integer value .   Code is written using Python language, but can be easily translated into other
1480: Calculates the probability that outages will occur based on whether users are within their acceptable speed limits, and if they're in an S&P system with other systems around them; otherwise it returns
1481: Validates ASCII domains. Checks if the first character is alphanumerical, followed by either an underscore or dot and then checks all other characters in string are valid as per rules of
1482: Adds the specified 'amount' to each of R, G and B values in given RGB colors. If any value exceeds its maximum limit(i.e., either less than or equalto zero
1483: Simplies the given file path by removing any directory components.  If no match is found, returns original string as it's not in valid format of filename or folder structure . e..g.,
1484: A function that takes an argument list and returns the command line arguments as strings joined by spaces. If no args are provided, it will return empty string."  [END]  ```"    .
1485: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using memization. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding fibonacci number in O(n)."
1486: Converts an integer to its corresponding letter in the English Alphabet. For example, int = 6 would return d and so on up until z which returns w . This function is used by other
1487: Checks if the game is finished. 1 = win, -= lose or draw .  0 =  not started yet , and anything else  = error in input data type of 'status' parameter
1488: Returns the tag of beam shape in string format. If no value is provided, it returns an empty String."   .'    '     ,,,,'      ''       ',''        '''         '',
1489: Calculates the value of one parameter in terms per unit. This is done by multiplying all parameters together and then dividing it with another factor which depends on other factors such as radius,
1490: Removes the score from an object.  This is useful when you want to remove all scores associated with one specific entity in your game engine's data structure, but keep track of its original position
1491: Checks if two lists of tokens are the same. If they're, returns #true; otherwise return false."  [END] . "   -> Checking whether prediction and truth token
1492: A function that returns the appropriate emoji based on job health. If it's over or equal to  16 degrees Celsius, return :cloud . Otherwise , if less than equals
1493: A function to get the url of an artist in given conditions  .  	Inputs : Country, Gender and API key from harvar art museum' s website; Output is URL string
1494: A helper function to calculate the number of spaces needed in an array. It uses dynamic programming and memorization technique, where it stores previously calculated results so that if same subproblem is encountered again then we
1495: A function that adds one number or another, but only if they are numbers. If not it throws an error message saying 'don’t Know How To Add'. The result is the sum of two
1496: Checks if the given variable is an ID that starts with 'W' or P'. If it does, checks whether its length matches one of two possible formats. The first format has Q followed by
1497: Transposes the given matrix. It uses recursion to achieve transposition of matrices in Racket language." Code is used by calling function with input as Matrix and returns its tranpose
1498: A function that returns the reference of an object.  It is used to get information about objects in memory, such as their size and type .   The hash value returned by _get_reference can
1499: Flatens the list of lists.  It takes in one argument, which is supposed to be another nested/list structure and returns its flat version as an unnested sequence or array .   For
1500: Returns true if the next element in 'direction' is of type bool. If not, returns false or nil depending on whether it can be converted to one using `(convertible?)` function and
1501: Converts the VRF name to an appropriate BGP value. If it's 'global', returns default, if not global then return as is . For GRT also defaults are returned."
1502: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial leraning rates by factor of epsilon over time, with an additional decay phase at certain points in training progression."   . "A function to calculate
1503: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can distribute 'n' items into r groups with each group having at least one item. The total sum is less than or equal "
1504: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach. The algorithm uses Euclid's formula, which states that gcd(a ,b ) = ...
1505: Counts the number of dots in an array. The input is expected to be two dimensional and consists only on '.' characters or empty spaces, where '#' represents obstacles that can not pass through .
1506: A function to convert singular form of the given word. If it is not already in plural, append 'es' at end otherwise just return original string .   [END] Code:.   ```python
1507: This function takes in list of strings and returns the same string with all 'Extra' replaced by just one character lower case, then replaces also any occurrences where it finds an upper letter followed
1508: A function that displays 'Good Bye!' and then exits the program. It's called good by default when no other name is given, but can be overridden with another word or
1509: A function to convert string values into numbers. If the first part of value is 'F', it converts second parts as number, else returns original input in case if not valid format .   [
1510: A function that calculates the sum of digit^p. It uses recursion to calculate each digit and then applies it power by using map, lambda expression or apply method in python . The
1511: This function trims the string ' + git' from both ends of each word in given path value.  It is used to clean up paths before they are passed into other functions that require them as
1512: A function that performs bit wise AND operation on two IP addresses. The result is the binary representation of an integer which represents network part in CIDR notation . For example, if we have 'ip
1513: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were run through remove duplicated word filter. It does so by splitting up each sentence into its constituent parts, removing any
1514: Checks if the given string is an ID of disease. The id must be exactly eight characters long and start with 'D'. It also checks that each character in between are numerics only."
1515: Generates an HTML list of GitHub Issues based on the input data provided in .json format."  [END]'  ```   ``` ` `` |  |||| ||| 1
1516: A function that generates all combinations of elements in the list. The size is specified by an integer "n". For example, if we have [a b c d e], and want to generate its
1517: Combines two integers into one. If the first integer is positive, it combines with base; if negative - combine in reverse order of second number and then add to result as bit shift operation on its
1518: A function to remove the specified string from end of given text. If no such prefix exists, returns original input unchanged." Code snippet used in other parts or examples not provided here
1519: A program that infers three types from an input list named 'channel names'. It checks if these are equal to specific patterns in lower or upper cases respectively - fp(ontal), z(.cent
1520: A function to interpolates between two points.  It takes three parameters, the start and end of an interval along with time 't' which is used as weighting factor in linear combination . The
1521: Flatens given nested lists into one level.  If no nesting, it simply takes elements from original List and puts them in order as they are found without any further recursion or flatening of
1522: A function that finds the time stamps of all occurrences in an array where there is at least one occurrence within some threshold. The thresholds are defined by two parameters, minimum and maximum
1523: This function calculates the circumference of an ellipse given its semi major axis, length and mass parameters . It is used in physics calculations to calculate volume or surface area depending on whether it
1524: Returns the prefix of an inputted string that indicates which type or model it is.  For example, if you have /devices and then devices on your system they will be treated as one entity by
1525: Check if all addresses in the set are present as keys of given map.  If not, return false; otherwise true." Code snippet to test it out with some sample inputs
1526: Removes plural form from the given list of strings. It is used to remove all forms that end with 'es', and also those which are not in English or French, but have less than three
1527: Extracting IP address from OID. The function takes an object identifier and returns the last four elements of it as string separated by dots, which is usually used to represent ip addresses in network devices configuration
1528: A function to format the given string as per API request. It takes in an ISO formatted Date and returns it with correcting months, days & years into proper formats.";'sdfasd
1529: A function to find the minimum value in an array. If no elements are present, it returns zero as default result if provided empty list or null input then return "No element" .   Code sn
1530: A function that returns an error message when the number of provided argument is not as required.  It takes two parameters - 'expecting' and actual count . If they are equal it will return nothing
1531: A function that converts an integer to millions. If the number is zero it returns '0'. Otherwise return as string with commas in thousands formatting e..g.,  3478
1532: A function that calculates the minimum and maximum of two lists. It uses recursion to find both values in one pass through each list, then compares them with previous results before returning their overall result
1533: A function that chooses one random key from the dictionary.  It uses dicts and lists to perform its task efficiently .   "    }"}}}}}'     }}"./src"))}
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to Public Url  .'   '    Code : Converts the given google storage url into public accessible one using https protocol and returns it as string type in python language
1535: Converts boolean to integer. If the input is true, returns 'true' as an int; otherwise return false or zero in case of falsy values and non booleans will throw error
1536: Map Ansbile Type To Jsonschema.   Code snippet that maps the given argument' sansbility types into their corresponding json schema data structure .    It is used in generating sche
1537: A function that generates multiples of an input number. It starts from zero and goes up to the specified limit, with each step being equal in size as its predecessor plus one until it reaches or
1538: Returns the canonicalized version of revision range.  If revisions are equal it returns just one number or hash if there is only single revison else return two numbers separated by comma and dot . e
1539: Converts hexadecimal string to address. The input is the value in decimal format, and it returns an integer that represents its location on disk or memory space as if stored at some other
1540: A function that adjusts the color intensity by rounding to nearest integer and clamp it between zero & maximum limit of RGB colorspace, ie., in range from black (#0x18
1541: A function to get the size of an argument in bytes. It supports void, int and long types as well float & double . If it encounters unrecognized or not supported data , then throws
1542: Convert an unsigned 3 byte integer to its binary representation. The result is returned as list of four bytes in big endian order."   [END] Code snippet that demonstrates the
1543: A function that returns the crystal structure of an element based on its symbol or name, and it also provides Fcc parameters if available in database . The list returned is composed by three elements - type ,
1544: Checks if one individual dominantly surpasses another.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   [1 point] (defun _compare ((x y)(= x -
1545: Sets the current Python interpreter's output stream.  The parameter 'level', which should be an integer, determines how much detail is printed by python when running scripts or executing commands in it."
1546: Convert decimal scale of concentration to temperature. This function converts the given decimalscaleofconcentration into degrees Celsius by multiplying it with four and then subtracting two, which
1547: A function to sort columns based on their suffixes.  It will add 'prefix' of zero if the string ends with '_ids', and adds prefix one otherwise, it also leaves other strings as
1548: A function to calculate the cube of an input.   [Examples] pow_(10, ____) => 976___ . The result is calculated by raising base(number)(
1549: A function that returns the name of day based on its position. It takes an integer as input and return corresponding string from list ["Mondays", ... , Sunday]. If not valid then it throws
1550: Checks if the input string is not blank.  If it's empty or contains only whitespace, returns false; otherwise true."  	    		   			     									       . "
1551: A function to calculate the factorial of numbers in range. It uses recursion and memoization technique."   [END] Code snippet that demonstrates how it works with some examples
1552: Deconstructs the YAML structure by recursively deallocating any $ references. This is done to ensure that all data in your application remains consistent with what you expect it will be when running
1553: Compare two integers and return the larger one. If they are equal, returns their value as is . Parameters :(item1's coordinates), relative position to another object ,other objects’ coordinate
1554: Checks if the given dictionary has an entry with that name.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    		   	   			     									      	 	     	        }"
1555: This function checks if the file extension of an output path is valid. It returns true or false based on whether it'll be possible to write that type and format into said location, otherwise return '
1556: A function to calculate the gradient of an attribute.  The result is always positive, but can be zero if both inputs are equal or one otherwise." (defun grad (*alpha(-x
1557: Generates the string representation of button presses.  The format is CHANNEL, OUTPUT and DATA . e..g., 'C10' or C34 etc...
1558: Interleaves two binary numbers and combines them. The interlaced number is the result of adding up all bits in both input values, with each bit from one value added to an even position starting
1559: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when 'n' equals one, returning value of first element in fibonacci series which will be always
1560: Checks if the given object is of type block. 1/3rd line only, no parameters required.";	END OF SUMMARY"   . ) ;(lambda () ...)))))
1561: Generates an array of hashes with the same structure as header fields.  Each hash represents one row in table data, containing id name and sorting flag set to true .   The function takes
1562: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n), where 'previous' is zero and "counter" starts from one, which means
1563: A function that returns the minimum of four or less. If core is greater than one, it will return zero; if its value equals to -one then also should be returned as negative number and so
1564: Returns true if the resource type control is masking.  If it's not, returns false or nil otherwise."   . "Returns whether an override URL ID has been set on given Resource Type
1565: This function takes in an input string and returns the first part of that strings after stripping off any modifiers. If there are no more parts to be extracted, it simply leaves as is ie
1566: A function to format float numbers. The number is first rounding off and then converting it into string form." ---END OF CODE---\n"    }}}}}}'     .
1567: Checks if the given string represents an uncompressed Unicode character reference in ASCII form, ie., it's valid as part of UNIX file names or paths."  	;
1568: A function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the resultant list after tripling each number, then filtering out any remainder from division by four. This is done using map & filter functions with
1569: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The result is returned as pairs, where first element represents gcf and second one gives remainder when divided by that
1570: Code defines functions to manipulate lists.  The first function gets the head of an inputted 'x' and tail, respectively; it also appends elements from one end or another depending on whether
1571: This function takes an input of type string and returns the first four characters from it. It is used to get customer ids in banking systems .   [END] (provide/doc '
1572: Returns the crystal system of an atom. The input is assumed to be in atomic units."'s . '; it returns one line description about what kind or type os crystalsystem based on its
1573: Parses the id from an url.  It assumes that input is in format /path/to/.file and returns .File part of it as uuid or null if not found."
1574: A function to convert an integer into its binary coded decimal equivalent. It uses bit shifting and modulus operations in order of magnitude, thus providing the most significant digit first as output which is also known
1575: A function to calculate all possible sub strings of length K in string S. The result is reversed order as per the problem statement's requirement . e..g, if input was "abc"
1576: A function to get the column indices of matching elements in two lists. The first list is considered as destination and second one being source, hence it returns all columns where corresponding element from both are equal .
1577: A function that fixes the type of an argument list. It takes in any kind arguments and returns them as strings or lists, depending on their original types if possible otherwise it leaves unchanged."  [END
1578: This function takes in an input string and checks if it contains the word 'War' or Fls'. If so, then appending either WFS(War/Flush), PUSH to
1579: Defines the RosenBrock function, which is used to evaluate fitness of an individuals in multiobjective optimization problems like rosen's banana or himmelblau’ problem . The
1580: A function that calculates the linear sum of two numbers.  The first number is multiplied by an incremental factor, which decreases from left to right and then added with second numeral on its
1581: Clean up the OS string in an item. If it contains 'OS' then remove everything after first occurrence of space or end, else return original value as is .   Code snippet to be
1582: A function to calculate the plotkinepsilon bound asymmetrically. The epsilons are calculated by taking an input parameter, which is usually set at .03 or so and then multi
1583: Decodes the path segment.  If it is "%" + "/", then returns '/'. Otherwise, just return input string as output.";   Code snippet to be used in other parts
1584: Creates an empty replacement list of size k.  Each element in the returned object is itself another pair, where first value represents index and second one indicates whether it's replaced or not . The
1585: A recursive function to reverse the string. It uses an iterative approach with accumulator as parameter which is initially empty and appends each character of input in turn until it reaches end, then returns
1586: A function to convert scores into ratings. Scores range from -inf through inf, with negative values indicating lower rating and positive value indicates higher rated." . The output is the string representation of that
1587: This function takes two lists of predictions and returns the same list with each prediction replaced by its corresponding value from another input. If there is no match, it keeps original values as they are (-> in
1588: Checks if all values in the dictionary are true. If not, returns false; otherwise return True .  [10 points]   Code : checkLunch( lunchers ) ->
1589: Adds two coordinates. The result is another coordinate in the plane, represented as three numbers representing x and y components of that point on an axis pairwise .  	     It takes to parameters -
1590: Checks if the given string is abeceidarly arranged. A sequence of letters in alphabetical order, ignoring case differences and spaces are considered to be 'abecciated'. For
1591: A function that takes two lists, and returns the product of each element in first list with every elements from second.  For example outer([1] [3]) = ([6],[9]]
1592: Computes the remainder of exponentiation by squaring. If 'e' is zero, returns one and if it’s negative or even then computed modulus with base two using recursion else
1593: Returns the longest name in `nameslist`.  The names are padded with spaces to make their length equal, so that they all fit on one line if possible and centered within its width limit
1594: A function that sorts three lists in ascending numerical or lexicographical manner. (define sortingFunction . )"})]])]]])))]],[["code", "A simple implementation
1595: Returns the reflection of point 'cp' about line segment defined by points in list form.  The two elements are coordinates on that same plane, and reflecting is done along vector from origin to center
1596: Calculates the average of all stored values in 'energys' list.  This is done by summing up each value and dividing it with number count, which gives us an overall mean
1597: This function checks if the length of 'cross' is zero. If it isn’t then display its contents and return true; otherwise print that no valid data was detected in input list . It also
1598: A function to escape special characters in YAML strings.  It replaces certain non-"special character"-like sequences with their escaped counterparts, and leaves other string elements unchanged .  10
1599: A function that takes two lists, one of indices and the other as input. It maps over each index in first to map it with corresponding elements from second .  The result is another nested structure where
1600: A function to calculate the distance between two celestial bodies in Earth's frame, given their galactocentric distances and an angle of separation with respect ot earth center at which they are located
1601: Returns the list of symbols in Geo.  If no argument is given, returns an empty symbol table; otherwise it creates and initializes one with elements from Geometry object 'geo'.   .
1602: Checks if the input is of type number or string. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . 1 line function to check whether an object can be considered as valid in some
1603: Remove duplicated elements from the sequence.  Reverse order of remaining items in list, and return as result." Code is used to remove duplicate values within an inputted sequential
1604: A recursive function to evaluate the polynomial. The base case is when there are no more terms in our list, it returns zero as per definition of evaluation at point . If we have some term left
1605: Generates the URL to fetch comments of all posts in rAll sorted by specified parameters."  [END]  ```    . ``` Code : (. _ get - c o m p t s
1606: A function that returns the AND of two numbers. If either number is zero, it will return false; otherwise true if both are nonzero integers or floats respectively.." . --->
1607: A function that performs Rsa encryption. It takes three parameters - message, exponent and modulus respectively which are used to encrypt the given number using public key cryptography algorithm . The result is returned
1608: Returns the URL of an NASA'S Sloan Digital Sky Survey database file based on its string identifier, which is used to identify different types or versions thereof in that specific data set .
1609: Convert the center and width/height of an object to its position in pixel coordinates. This function takes as input two lists, one with four elements representing box's corners [left top right bottom],
1610: Flatens the inputted lists into one single flatlist. If no more nested elements are present, it returns an empty array/vector and stops further recursion . It is used to convert multi level
1611: A function to convert CIFAR – one of the most popular datasets in machine learning. It converts integer class indices into human readable strings using preloaded list .'s elements as mapping
1612: Removes an element in the list.  If it exists, removes and returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no change was made to prevent errors during execution of subsequent operations on empty lists or
1613: Flushes the given cards in order. Returns true if all five are of same suit, false otherwise .'   }}}}}}"    }}     "}      {{{{       {{        {"
1614: This function takes two points in the plane and returns their midpoint. It does so by averaging each coordinate of both input point pairs, then returning these averaged coordinates as new pair . The result is
1615: A function that strips out all numbers from the input string.  It uses recursion to iteratively process each character in turn, and only adds it if its not numerically represented by charNumerical
1616: A function that takes in an unsorted list of items and returns the same sorted by score. It uses map to create new lists with zeroed initial counts, then iterates over each element once more
1617: A function that checks if the number is divisible by either three or five. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:. fizzy ->
1618: This function moves an element from the list to its front. If it is not in, then do nothing and return original List .  [END] Code:.  ```    moveItemToFront
1619: A function that trims the given list of pairs by removing elements above or equal to certain threshold. The result is then appended with all possible combinations from those remaining items, and finally returned as one
1620: Create an inverted clock wise path. This function takes as input the start of one or more paths and returns their endpoints reversed, creating new Paths that are counterclockswize from
1621: Checks if the given numbers can form Pythogian triple. 1<a,b>c is an integer and returns #true or false accordingly .   "(defun pytha
1622: A function to calculate the heuistics distance between two points.  The formula used is absolute difference in both coordinates and sum of these differences, which gives us an overall measure that can be interpreted as
1623: Creates an identifier string that represents the cup prefix.  The parameters are used to create unique identifiers in order of radius, outter circle number and then inside circles serial numbers within each other'
1624: A function to get an element from list by its position. If the given 'index' is negative, it will count elements starting at end of array; if not integer or out range then return "
1625: This function calculates the height of an object above sea level given its initial altitude in meters and gravity acceleration due to earth's surface, which is approximately equal with .74 m^(
1626: A function that converts the given weight in kilograms to grams. If input is less than one, it multiplies by ten thousand and returns result of recursive call with new value until
1627: Split the input string into lines based on delimiters. The output is in reverse order of original line breaks, with each element being one character from that position and following characters separated by spaces or
1628: Extracts the filename from given path to it'll be used as output name of programmatically generated files in current directory." (code:(generate .)) )   }}}}}}
1629: Generates an option list in the format of 'option1 = value, ... , optiomN' from dictionary.  Sorts it first by key and then alphabetically within each group
1630: Convert mathematical notation to LaTeX format using regular expressions and string replacements – convert exponential, gamma functions into their respective symbols in the latex syntax; replace spaces with underscores &
1631: A function that returns the smallest and largest of two numbers. If either number is less than zero, it will return as if by setting them to be equal or greater in absolute value first then applying min
1632: Convert text to SSML format using the Amazon Text Speech service, automatically breath and add paragraph tags if necessary..   [END]    .[START][10839467
1633: Checks if the input is valid according to its 'type'. If it's of one out these types, then checks whether or not that number falls within certain ranges. Otherwise returns FALSE; otherwise
1634: A function that divides the input list into two sets based on whether or not each element in specified columns is equal to given values. If no such elements exist, it returns false; otherwise true .
1635: A linear interpolation function. It takes four parameters, two points and one range of the output value to be calculated between these input values in order that it will return an approximate result within given limits .
1636: Checks if the given string is indented by four spaces. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . (checkout '("     hello" #f))
1637: Sanitation of strings to remove hashtags and other non alphanumeric characters. If the string is empty, return an emptystring; otherwise keep it as before." . ) -
1638: Returns the repository's owning user. This function takes in an URL of cleanly formatted git repositories and returns their username or organization name if they have one, otherwise it will return null .
1639: "Send notification to recipient with given information."  Code snippets and/or description of the function. (sendNotificationToAll . '("Welcome")))))))") )   ,,,
1640: A function that pads sentences with the given token. It takes in two arguments, an array of sentence tokens and another argument representing padding character or string to be used as placeholder when needed space is shortened
1641: Flatens the list by collapsing nested lists into one level.  It uses recursion to handle any nestings in input, and then appends non -lists with their elements onto resultant
1642: Generates tweet content.  Inputs are the Preamble, Message and Link to be included in Tweets .   Output is combined string of all inputs with newline character separating them
1643: A function that generates inclusive range of numbers. It takes two arguments, the start and end points to generate from . The output is list containing all integers in between these values including both ends if they are
1644: A function to remove 'http://' or '/https:/', if present, from the start of URLs. If no such prefix is found it returns original string as output .   Code length :
1645: Returns the list of operational period by project.  Vintages are inclusive, and lifetimes also include in their range but not exceed them .'  	|]])]]])))))).
1646: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses recursion to find common elements between list pairs by comparing each element in first and second inputted array, if they are equal it adds
1647: Checks if two frequencies are the same or one is lower frequency than another.  If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to be used in other
1648: Check if the given value of 'actual' integer greater that limit.  If not return error message else true . (endcode )    }}}}}}" }}else{ {{{{"
1649: Converts the values of Universal Brightness Vector to G,R and I components in accordance with International System Of Units .	     "    }"}}}}}'s/code}', '
1650: Convert Hexadecimal to TCP state.  The input is the four characters of an IP packet header, which represent different states in connection establishment and other aspects related with Transmission Control Protocol
1651: Checks if an input is less than the maximum possible value of one rotation.  If it's not, then returns 'false'. Otherwise return "True".   It checks whether or no longer
1652: This function takes two parameters, the URL to be joined and an optional string of key/value pairs that will form part or entirety as data in HTTP request. It returns concatenated url with '
1653: Generates an enumeration of the given string.  For example, NLSEnumizer("hello") would return 'NLSHello'.  	; in Clojure it's
1654: Computes the Levenschtein distance between two strings. This is used to measure how different one string may be from another by inserting, deleting or substituting characters in order of cost as
1655: A function that divides two numbers. If either of the inputs is not number, it returns an empty string "" .  It takes in one argument which will be used as denominator to divide other
1656: This function calculates the transfer factor based on current and total number of training episodes, with an initial value set to be one if it'll take less than two third part or else will return max
1657: Merges two lists of properties. If an element is not in the first list, it's added to resultant merged property set .  It also filters out any duplicates from both input
1658: Returns the maximum length of keys in dictionary.  Code is used to get longest string from given input which can be considered as 'data'. It's basically finding out how many characters are there within
1659: A function that takes in an RGB value and its opacity, then returns the dimmened version of it. If opaque is greater than or equal to .7648 , return original
1660: A function that checks if the given value matches any term in an array of strings.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   It uses recursion to check each string until no match
1661: Checks if the string contains 'public' or not.  If it does, returns true else false .   Code is used to check whether an inputted text has been published in any form on
1662: Generates the polynomial with given coefficient and number of terms. The function calculus is used to calculate y values at each point in between two end limits, using linear interpolation method which uses remainder operation
1663: Check if the file is either .GTF or GFF. 1/0 based on whether it's gtf, and also checks to see that there are no other extensions in its name
1664: Sort strings in alphabetic order by length.  If two items have the same string, sort them lexicographically using their ASCII values of characters as per standard comparison rules ie
1665: Appends the second polygon to end of given list if it is identical with its predecessor. If not, then adds both polygons together as one single entity in resultant List . The function
1666: Calculates the perpetual value of an option.  Inputs are current price and risk factor, outputs is due date to pay off in one year time period .   "Percentage" version
1667: Transforms the input string by shifting each character in it.  The shift is determined using client's receive function and then added to its ASCII value, which gives us an encrypted message that can
1668: Calculates the overlap between two tokens. The result is in percentage of total length, not characters count as it would be with character tokenization if we were to calculate from start and end positions only).
1669: A function to interpolates between two points in the latent space of an affine transformation matrix, using linear extrapolation if necessary . The result is always within [minLatency , maxDelay]
1670: Checks if the user has permission to perform an operation. If not, returns #F; otherwise return T .   Code is used in authorize function of authentication module which checks whether or no one
1671: This function calculates maximum episodes based on given parameters.  It takes three arguments - Number Of Hidden Layers, Epoch Factor and Penalization Every Nth Episodes . The
1672: A function to find the minimum and maximum values in two dimensions. It uses recursion with nested let statements, which is similar but not identical as list comprehensions or map/reduce functions from other
1673: Flatens the list by combining all nested lists into one.  It uses recursion to handle any nesting in inputted data structure, and then combines them together as individual elements of output resultant
1674: A function to calculate the number of steps required by Collatzy's conjecture. It takes an integer as input and returns how many iterations it needs before reaching one in order that no matter what starting
1675: A function that ensures scripts are run on Linux systems. If the system is Windows, it append .bat to all script names in list provided as argument and returns modified version of original ones if they were
1676: Concatenates all elements of an array into one list. If the input is not valid, it returns empty resultant lists or error message as per requirement specified in problem statement .  Code sn
1677: Checks if the given coordinate is within bounds of any part in 'shape'. If so, returns #true; otherwise return false. This function checks whether or not two points are on different sides and
1678: Converts polynomial to string representation. If the coefficient of first variable is one, it appends 'x' after number and recursively calls itself with rest part; if its value equals zero or
1679: A function to calculate the position of an element in two dimensions. The elements are numbered from left top, right bottom and counterclockwise around their borders as follows : -x,-y; x
1680: Returns the next HotFix number based on current Version. For example, if you have '3' as your Major and Minors then it will return '.4'. This function is used to generate new
1681: Normalises the text input by scaling it to fit within an acceptable range. The maximum possible value is set as one more than total number of word in sentence, and then scaled down using half factor."
1682: A function that underlines the input string.  It is used to make it easier on eyes when debugging or reading through logs/outputs of programs."  ```python ```ruby ``java
1683: Counts the number of occurrences in string. The character to be counted is passed as an argument."   [END] ]], "Counting characters from end" } , { .name
1684: Checks if two values are equal. If they're both numbers, it uses the '=?' function to compare them; otherwise returns false .   [END] Code snippet provided by
1685: This function is used to get the value of one specific key in dictionary.  It takes two parameters - 'dataset' and its corresponding values from another parameter, which are both dictionaries . The first
1686: A function that reorders the given list of column names to ensure they are in order.  If 'task' is present, it will be moved before any other task related ones as per their al
1687: Returns the id of an element with name derived from its parent's class and text. The function splits on '-', taking into account hyphenated names, then takes only first part to form
1688: A function to calculate the area of triangle. The input is two parameters, which are lengths in cm and represent sides or dimensions respectively . It returns an approximation value representing Area(in square centimeters
1689: Finds the first occurrence of kmers. If no such occurrences exist, it returns an empty string "" . The function takes two parameters - input String and KMER length to be searched
1690: Checks if the given string is in language x. 1st parameter should be either true or false, and second one can only take values of symbol .lang0 , which means it's
1691: This function calculates the contrast between two gaussian mixtures based on their means and standard deviations, which is used to measure how much one mixture's features overlap with another in terms of content
1692: Compiles the given string into its corresponding number. If it's 'you', returns ‘one’, if not recognized as one of three predefined strings return original input otherwise just keep
1693: Removes the last character of string if it is newline. If not, leaves original text unchanged." Code snippet to be used in other parts or scripts that require removing tra
1694: Merge the attributes of matches in two lists. If no matching attribute is found, return all nonempty list as it was before merging process started from an empty set and returned to original state after
1695: Calculates the area of binary segments.  Input is number and list representing segment edges, output will be an integer value indicating how much space in square units occupied by that particular section/segment .
1696: Chechs if the given string is equal to its unicode representation with modulus operation. If it'is, return true; otherwise false .   Code length : xxx lines    Author(
1697: A function that returns the position in an array if it exists, otherwise error. If not found then return false or nil . --END CODE --> ^M ^N;' ' ;
1698: Parses an input string and returns the parsed result as hash table.  The format of parsing is 'KEY = VALUE'. If Value can be converted to number, it will convert that
1699: Removes URLs from the string.  It uses regular expressions to identify and remove any strings that contain 'www.' or '.com' etc in them, but leaves other common substrings intact
1700: Calculates the Fret Effciency from Length of Time in seconds."   [END]'s answer to "What is your function?" . The efficiency factor that determines how much time
1701: A function to map an input range into another output.  The mapping is linear and the scales are calculated based on values within that same domain, not outside of it." --->(def
1702: A function that implements the insertionsort algorithm.  It takes in an unsorted list and returns it sorted using Insert Sort Algorithm .   "Insert sort" is one of simple, efficient algorithms
1703: A function to get the application configuration.  This is used in tests and setup of test environments."   .eol; } ; end defn ]]' > ${TMPDIR}/
1704: Returns the coordinates of center point in pivot cells. The function takes three parameters - width and height, respectively ,of one single unit area that contains some kind or object . It returns two values representing
1705: Generates an HTML Table of Contents from MarkDown headers. It takes in two parameters, the list/array with all md file's headings and name it as per requirement . The output
1706: Convert PhRED quality scores to ASCII values. If the input is not an alphabet character, return zero as default output of function convert ph red . This program converts Quality Score Recal
1707: Generates all pairs of integers in the range [n,m]. The first element is an integer and represents row index while second one indicates column. This function uses recursion to generate such pairings
1708: A function that takes two integers as input and returns the result of adding twice its second argument to it's first. This is an example implementation in Scheme programming language, where 'l', which
1709: A recursive function to calculate the sum of absolute values in an input list. The base case is when there are no more elements, it returns zero as we have reached end point and start accumulating
1710: This function calculates the number of qubit weights needed to represent an arbitrary quantum gate. It takes as input two parameters - 'circuit' and its repetition count, which determines how many weight
1711: This function calculates the ceiling of log base two. It is used to determine how many bits are needed in an integer representation, which will be sufficient given that we can represent all integers upto max
1712: This function replaces the end of line character with specified string. If no input is provided, it returns original content if empty or removes trailing newline characters from given strings that are not windows style
1713: A function that checks if an element is not in the list of elements. It uses recursion to check each value until it finds one which doesnt match with 'input'. If no such item exists
1714: This function reorients the starting positions of blocks in an array. It takes as input two arrays, one with block sizes and another ones containing sequence lengths; it returns new sequences where each element is
1715: A function that deduces the unique name of each variable in given scopes.  It uses dictionary to keep track on names already used and appends an incrementing number after every use, if
1716: A function to round numbers. It rounds the first digit after decimal point according as per value of number and its magnitude, ie., if it is greater than ten then rounded up else down till third
1717: Implements sequentially search algorithm.  It checks each list's elements one by on until it finds the desired value or exhaust all of its items, then returns true if found and false otherwise .
1718: A function that rejects values based on criteria.  It takes three arguments - the critical Value, and two Values to compare with it . The comparison is made by comparing them according given criterion ("
1719: A function to convert pixel values into waveform.  The input is the number of pixels and an array with coefficients that determine how each value in range [0,1] should be scaled up or
1720: Generating the list of intermediate point between two given end poins. The spacing is calculated as absolute difference in both coordinates and then each subsequent coordinate value will be incremented by that amount to create
1721: Checks if the given hypothesis is valid alternative. 1st and second hypotheses are always true, third one checks whether or not it's an inequality operator." .   [END OF SUM
1722: Counts the number of matching letters in two strings. If characters at corresponding positions are equal, it increments count by one and moves to next position; if not they return current counter value as result
1723: A function that returns the quarter of given year and months. If input is invalid, it will return "Invalid Month".   [END SUMMARY].    .     Code:.      :(defun
1724: Parses the threshold list to find an appropriate value. If no match is found, returns default limit of 'default'. The function takes two parameters - parsedList and Current Value . It checks if
1725: A function to reverse the order of characters in an inputted String.  It uses recursion and list manipulation techniques, such as consing elements onto lists or checking if strings are null/empty
1726: A function that takes an integer as input and returns the next number in sequence. The result is calculated by taking modulus of twice its value with respect to three hundred million plus one, which ensures it
1727: This function reads the number from .mzML files. It is used to read and parse mzml data in python scripting language using pandas library's DataFrame object which provides fast
1728: Simplies the output of std out by removing unnecessary information. It keeps only what is necessary and removes all other content from console outputs, keeping just textual data in one place to avoid cluttering
1729: Counts the number of leading spaces in string. "line" is inputted as an argument to function, and returns count."   .    Code:.     :code::python     `def _
1730: A function to convert string input into boolean. It converts yes/no inputs, true and 0s or t f in lower case form . If the value is not one of these three forms
1731: Scales the elements of an input list by multiplying them with given scale.  It uses map function to apply lambda on each element in provided sequence and returns new scaled values as output .
1732: A function to format datetime in JavaScript.  It uses the strptime method of Python's time module and returns it as string with UTC offset information if provided, otherwise just return date part only
1733: Convert the given color scale to an equivalent linearized version. This is done by mapping each element in our input list of tuples, and taking only its first component which represents RGB values as they
1734: Calculates the enthalpic heat transfer coefficient between two walls at constant pressure.  The result is in J/(kg*K).   .'s input parameters are temperature difference, wall thickness and
1735: Convert underscore to space in font name. 	Inputs : string -> output = converted text with spaces between each word . e..g 'my__first___second' will be transformed
1736: Generates the number of sublists in which an element is within clip length from its offset. The index list and cliplength are used to generate all possible combinations, then counts how many elements fall
1737: Returns the character at position 'index' in string "s". If there is no such char, returns -1.  Code snippet to get all characters of given length from an array list
1738: A function that computes the product of two numbers, but with an extra factor. The result is one less than their difference minus twice times half them plus three . This makes it more interesting and useful
1739: Calculates the temperature rise and loss due to heat transfer in an electrical circuit based on operating voltage, resistance or conductivity at different points along with total mass flow rate .   [...]    The function
1740: A recursive function to reverse the order of characters in an inputted list.  It uses cons and car functions from Scheme language, which is used here as it'll be implemented on lists
1741: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be string. It returns the same as input but with first character of each word converted into lower case and rest are upper cased . For example
1742: A function to convert the string representation of an RGB value into its corresponding one hot encoding. For example, "rgb" would return '#(\#f .73 ,49  68
1743: Checks if the given matrix is square. 1xn or n x N matrices are considered as not being squares, while all other forms of rectangular arrays will be recognized by it .   [
1744: Checks if the first character of input is one among '#', '&#x3D;' , '%',' ', or '.';. If yes, returns true else false .   Code snip
1745: This function splits the given comma separated list into individual strings. If an item is not found, it appends zero to its place in resulting array/vector of items as per requirement and returns that
1746: A function to split seconds into hours, minutes and remaining second.  1 input parameter is the total number of Seconds . Returns list with three elements - Hours , Minutes & Remaining Sec
1747: A function that calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in parameters and returns their sum divided by twice, which is equivalent to averaging them out as half part from total value they add together
1748: Returns the mean color of an object with given 'key'. The keys are used to identify which specific colour is required. If no such Key exists, it returns #f . This function uses list and
1749: Convert web type to SQL equivalent. 1/4 of the time, convert from Python's native types like string and integer into corresponding database column data structures in sqlite3 or mysql etc..
1750: Calculates the mean of numbers in list. 	Inputs : List, Output -> Single Number . Returns average value from given input number array or vector as an output parameter which is calculated by
1751: Generates sequence of numbers with increasing values by adding the average value to each level.  The result is an approximation that can be used as part or all input data in other calculations, such like calculating
1752: A function that counts the number of prime digists in an integer. If input is not valid, it throws error message"   .    Code snippet : ```python``` pythondef prim
1753: A function that returns the yellow version of input.  It uses escape sequences to change text color in terminal output."  ```python ```ruby ``java` .net c++ golang rust
1754: Removes leading indentations from the string. If there are no characters, it returns an empty String; if only spaces or tabs at beginning of line then removes them and return remaining part otherwise original
1755: A function that converts an integer to the corresponding month name. The input is zero indexed, so January = 0 and December = -1 .   Code snippet : #(load "/
1756: This function takes in the name of an entity and returns its source file's base filename. It does so by splitting on hyphens, then taking up to three elements from that list if there are
1757: A function that truncates the given string to fit within specified length. If it's too long, append "...(truncated)" at end of original content and return new version as output
1758: Convert the first character of each word to upper case. This is done by splitting up input into individual characters, converting those initials in lower cases and then joining them back together with spaces between every two
1759: Normalizes the angle difference between two angles. If result is greater than one eighty, it's normalized to three sixty degrees; if less then zero and vice versa . This function takes in
1760: Generates blank lines based on the input list. If true, it adds an extra vertical bar; if false or missing value then just spaces are added."   }]],]]"}]}];
1761: This function calculates the maximum heat content coefficient value.  It takes three parameters - number of elements, layer count and temperature gradient as input which is used to calculate max hc coeffient .
1762: Generates an article set with the given list of relevant and irrelevant articles. The result is used as input to train machine learning models, where each line in 'content' represents one sample from our
1763: This function takes in one argument, which is the string representation of an online purchase. It splits it into two parts based on underscore (_), extracts and returns them as list elements respectively -
1764: A function to subtract two matrices. If the matrix dimensions are not equal, it returns an error message indicating that they cannot be compared element byelement (.e.-g., if you try Sub [[
1765: Returns the color at given position in list of predefined tabulated colours. 0 is blue, and so on up to gray with cyan as last element . The function takes an integer argument
1766: Parses the input string to represent decimals.  It splits by spaces, joins back together with periods as separators and replaces commas in place of full stops .   This
1767: Checks if all the given task objects are available. If not, it returns false; otherwise true."   }]], "code": [{"@type":"text",	"content" : ["
1768: A function that calculates the sleep time based on number of retry attempts. It has different levels and rates at which it increases its sleeps, up to maximum limit set by max_retr
1769: A function that checks if the player's chosen number is correct or not. If it matches, returns remaining attempts; else return -turn count by one and decrement turn counter of game board .
1770: Checks if the given character is in middle of string. If yes, returns true else false .'s" --->(defun checklocatorexample "Check whether or
1771: Convert all values in the given data structure to numbers. If they are not already, it converts them into numeric form if possible using string conversion function and leaves non numerical ones as is .
1772: Toggles the visibility of an object. If both objects are provided, toggling occurs between them; if only one or none given then it's just inverting current state and returning new value
1773: A function that converts all lower case characters in the string to upper.  It uses builtin R6RS Scheme functions like STRINGUCASE and CONCATENATE .  1
1774: Evaluates each of the given list/array 'words' in terms that are associated with their respective values from an input dictionary. The result is returned as another array where every element corresponds to its
1775: A function to convert an integer into its corresponding string representation. This is used in the context of malware analysis and detection, where different types or versions are represented by numbers instead as strings which can be
1776: A function that takes an integer input and returns the result of applying branching operation to it. The number is divided by two if its even, otherwise multiplied with three plus one on each recursive
1777: Returns the overlap between two intervals. If one interval is completely to left of another, it returns zero; otherwise return maximum value from min(a[1],b)- max((x),y).
1778: A function that returns the positive value of its input. If it's zero or negative, return zeros; otherwise keep as is .  1/368479 -> [
1779: Checks if all the characters in string are capital letters. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [END] Code:.   ```python ``` python is not allowed to use any other
1780: Calculates the t statisic of two means, given their variances and sample sizes respectively . It returns zero as it is not possible to calculate T statistics on these data points in general case scenario
1781: This function calculates the rate of growth in terms per unit weight, given two parameters - 'z' and its lower limit ('z _ InHom'). If "Z" is less than Z'_
1782: Generates the list of bowtIE index files based on input name .  It generates three versions (.version number).   The version numbers are appended to each file extension in order, and then
1783: Inverts the order of elements in each list within an inputted 'horseshoes' data structure.  This is done by iterating over all lists and reversing them individually, resulting
1784: This procedure takes in CSV data and returns the list of lists. It splits each string by commas, then appends them to an output List which is returned as result .  10
1785: A function that returns the string with an underscore character(s).  If input is not of type 'STRING', it will return empty.   . Example : getUnderLine "Hello" "_
1786: This function calculates the percentage of brand purchases. It takes two parameters, one representing how many brands were purchased and another that represents all possible purchase attempts by users in an online marketplace."
1787: Calculates the nonsingular relative likelihood of an event. The function takes two parameters, 'event' and its probability distribution in terms that it is associated with another random variable or set; then
1788: A function to get the number of hours from given minute input. Code snippet that converts minues into hour(s).'  	     . '    Example usage : ((code)(
1789: A function that gets the value of an address in given 'memory' list. If it is at Mode = `mode =  = 3 `, then return as string; if not ,return integer
1790: Extracting the DOI suffix from an academic paper's URL. – Code snippet to extract doisufficex .com or org domain name only, without any other information after
1791: Check if the length of configuration example is correct. (define checkConfigExLen ##&lt;model=" &gt;" ,, @</code> . <b><i
1792: A function to allocates clients into groups. The number of elements in each group is determined by the quotation remainder when divided with 'total' client count and then taken from that list, until all
1793: Checks if two strings are one edit away. If they're the same length, checks that both have identical characters in different orders or not at all; otherwise it must be exactly n character differences
1794: Checks if an IP address is multicasted. If the first octet of any part in its class C network, it returns true; otherwise false .'s" }]
1795: Convert an arbitrary data structure into its textual representation. The function is recursive and can handle lists, hashes or objects of any type that the Scheme system supports as input parameters; it will
1796: This function calculates the derivative of sigmoide activation. It takes one argument and returns its value after applying it to Sigmoidal Function formula, which is y = /(A + B).
1797: Flips the order of elements in an input tuple.  Example usage:( flip '(a b c d e f g h i)) -> ('b,c,'d,...'h')
1798: A function that generates space string. If the length of input is greater than or equal to 'n', it returns one single blank character, otherwise return enough number(s)(blank characters)." .
1799: A function that calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It's called "x" and returns its media value, which is calculated as sum(elements)/count_of
1800: A function that subtraction of two vectors.  It takes in the parameters 'v' and "w" which are supposed to be vector, then it returns new Vector where each element is difference between
1801: A function that sums two numbers. If one of the operands is not provided, it uses 0 as default value .   [END] Code : _Sum_of__two___numbers
1802: A function to calculate the reciprocal of an integer or float number, given as input parameters 'n' and '/d'. If divisor is zero then it returns NaN else return quotient
1803: Refactor trademarke information into hash format. This function takes in the original list of trade marks, reformats it to be used as keys within another hashtable or dictionary object with values being
1804: Counts the number of times an END keyword is found in list. If only one name given, checks if it'll be 'End'. Returns either zero or count depending on whether match was successful
1805: Convert dictionary to std out.  ## Dictionary -> Print keys and values in the console .   'Dict' is an input parameter which represents your dictionaries, it will print all key
1806: This function returns the status of Jenkin's jobs.  It uses API to fetch job names and their colors from given URL .  	     "JENKINS" is used as prefix
1807: A function to calculate the contrast ratio between two given luminescent values, taking into account an extra factor of 'epsilon' in order not allow any negative value or zero result from calculation."
1808: Concatentates all elements of the list into one string. If empty, returns an emtpy strinng; if not it concatenated with next element in line and so on until there
1809: A function that returns the nth element of an inputted linkedlist. It uses recursion to find it, with each call reducing by one until reaching zero and returning whatever is left in our stack
1810: Returns the list of feature objects in GeoJSON. If no such properties exists, it raises an error with message '<geoJson> doesn't contain any Features'.   [END] . This
1811: This function takes in one string and returns the same input with each line prefixed by ' // '.  It is used to comment out sections of source.   The resultant output can be easily read
1812: Calculates maximum likelihood estimation of parameters. It is used to estimate population size and relative expression level from sample data, given an initial guess at these values as well some prior information about them in terms that
1813: Convert the given game board to its tuple representation.  This is done by mapping each sublist in 'game' over, and then flattening them all out into one list of tuples
1814: This function takes in list of relative factors and returns the absolute values.  It is used to convert all scales from their current state into an equivalent unit, based on provided factor(s).
1815: Calculates the Reynold's number.  Input is velocity, density and viscosity respectively .   Output will be reldiameter of fluid in m^3 kg−1 s
1816: Computes the orientation of three points in 3D space. Returns -/+ 9/-+ . + /-.   "Orient" is defined as whether or not they are oriented clockwise,
1817: Checks if the string contains any unknown characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .  	    		   			     									      	   	 	     	        }" ; "Check
1818: This function takes in 6 parameters to project points from the camera's perspective into two dimensions. The first and second arguments are coordinates of point on image plane, third argument is distance between object center
1819: Code defines functions to build and manage a TO system. The parameters are the priority, delay time of each task in milliseconds; whether tasks can be executed simultaneously or not ; how much data is
1820: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two sorted time Series. Normalizes and sorts them first, then calculates MSE of each pairwise difference in their normalized form."   [END
1821: This function returns the maximum element in list. If input is empty, it will return 0 as there are no elements to compare with zero which always has higher value than any other number or character etc
1822: Cleans the input string by replacing newline and tab characters with spaces.  It also trims leading/trailing whitespace from each line of outputted strings in case they are not properly formatted
1823: A function to calculate ideal body weight based on the given parameters . The input is in cm and returns result as kg or lbs depending upon gender of person, if not specified it will return error message
1824: Returns the uniform moments of two numbers. The moment is calculated as average and variance respectively, which are then returned in list format." --->(defun getUniformMoment [min
1825: A function to generate an API URL.  It takes the base url as input and appends '/apiversion' at end of it .  	Type : Function, Input Type -> String
1826: Normalizes the given 'Reading' between [min,max] range. If Reading is greater than Center then it will be normalized to [-1,-center], else if less or equal with Minimum
1827: A learning rate schedulers that decreases the Learning Rate by factor of .9 at every tenth Epochs and then increases it back to its original value after two hundredths, with no change
1828: Convert string to integer or float. If not possible, return the original input as is; if it's an int then convert into number else keep in text form and try again with decimal point removed
1829: A function that deletes all occurrences of an element in list. It uses recursion to traverse the given lists and removes elements equal with provided one, then returns remaining part as new List
1830: A function to retrieve the value associated with key in pair list. If not found, it returns an empty string "" .'s"." "a". The first element of each sublists is used
1831: Converts basic to bio formatting in the given list of strings.  It replaces 'Basic' with just '-'. If it is already formatted as Bio, then leaves unchanged and returns same
1832: This function takes two arguments, an integer and its position. It returns the value of setting bit at given index in binary representation .
1833: Checks if the given input is an unsigned integer. Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's positive, negative ,or zero .
1834: A function that calculates the value of parabolic curve. Parameters are time, depth and velocity respectively."   [END] (defun f10346789 .
1835: A function to generate an error message when the CEP number is not valid or doesnt exist in our system, and also provides link with more information about it on sim space website .
1836: Convert all upper case letters in the input to lower cases.  If no argument is provided, it will return an error message stating that there's not enough arguments supplied or more than one argu
1837: This function checks if the given string contains any of GL, MT or hs and returns true only when it does not contain M.  If there is at least one occurrence in that order then return
1838: A function to calculate the number of iterations needed in training. The input is total data points and size per iteration, respectively."   [END] Code Summary ][START][ENGINEERING
1839: A function that takes in an ordered list and returns the same elements but with no duplicates. The order of original sequence is preserved, ie., first element will be kept if it's not
1840: A function that returns common elements from two lists. It uses recursion to find the intersection of sets, which is similar in concept as finding intersections between arrays or strings etc., but with list inputs
1841: A function to construct path from one node of the graph.  It uses recursion until it reaches its destination, then returns list with starting point and all nodes in between .   The result is revers
1842: Converts the real part of an arbitrary complex number into its equivalent in base 'base'. If it is not within range then throws error. Otherwise returns converted result as floating point representation .   [
1843: A function to get the indentation level of an input string. It returns zero if it is empty or starts with space, otherwise return one plus its recursive call on remaining part . )"
1844: Checks if the string contains either 'Java' or Python. 1/0 otherwise, depending on whether it matches any of these two terms in its search criteria .   Code length : ~3
1845: Checks if the first and last character of string are underscores. If so, it checks that there is more than one letter between them to ensure its not just an initial or final name in
1846: Generates the URL path format. 1/version id /resource name .method Name   Example :( __ urlPathFormat 'v3' '/users.' GET ) =>"/ v e r
1847: Flips the first and last elements of each pair in string. If there are more than two pairs, it will only flip one at random from those remaining."   }}}" }} .code {
1848: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two sets of values, one being observed and another expected or measured by an instrumented particle at distance 'd' from it in vacuum space with velocity vector length scale factor
1849: Generates HTML table header row. It takes an array of strings as input and generates the corresponding <thead><tbody> <.. / tbody > ..  <\/theader>  in one line."))
1850: A function to calculate the floor of one divided by its argument, but if it's less than or equal zero then return 'Zero'. Otherwise returns itself as is . This will be used in zoom
1851: Generates the maven jar name from given parameters.  It replaces . with _ and - to replace special characters in pom file names, then appends version if available else it just returns
1852: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  The result is in reverse order as per requirement, and it uses recursion to solve problem efficiently by breaking down into smaller subproblems which are
1853: Returns the list of actions to be performed when adding an item into gatekeepered lists.  If it is live, then show publish status and available as public else only shows publisheh
1854: Checks if the parameter name is not of type display or encryption spec key.  It also checks whether it ends with _NAME suffix and does NOT have an underscore before its last character, which
1855: Implement binary search algorithm. Code snippet to find the position of an element in sorted list using Binary Search Algorithm . (code)." }}}}}}' }}".format()}
1856: This function takes in one argument, 'scenario', and returns the first element of its list. It is used to get an order from scenarios that are split by < character." (
1857: A function to align the sequence of characters. It counts and records positions where it encounters dashes (-). The result is reversed list with indices correspondingly recorded in reverse order." ---
1858: Checks if the current position is within an overlapped area of length 'contiguous' on one side. If it isn’t, then returns false; otherwise true . "read" and
1859: Checks if the given number is divisible by another. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .  	    	   	 	     			   									     	       								      ​"
1860: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the first and second number as arguments, then returns their summation resultant of addition operation .   Example usage :( my add -3 ,
1861: A function that returns +/-/+ depending on the sign of input number. If it's zero, then return '='.   .    Code is to determine whether given integer or float positive
1862: Split an RGB value into its red, green and blue components. 1 byte each in the list returned by split function .'s first element is Red component , second one Green Component & third
1863: A function to calculate the number of ways in which you can get from point(x, y). The only two possible moves are up and left. You start at any position on your grid with coordinates
1864: Checks if the input is an integer. 1 -> #True, anything else => False .   Code snippet to be used in other parts of your program that require checking integers only
1865: A function that removes duplicates from an inputted linked lists. It uses recursion to traverses the original and checks if each element is in our results so far, then adds it only once
1866: A function that returns the input if it is greater than or equal to zero, otherwise return 'zero'.  	     .   		     	   	 			      										.        ....... ....
1867: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The base cases are defined as fib(n,v), where 'x' is equal zero or one respectively and returns
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The IOU is calculated as intersection area divided by union of areas, which measures how much overlap there's in these regions and thus
1869: A function to sanitise the input string. It removes all non-"<><>" characters and returns it as is, or replaces them with "-", "_",".","["]".
1870: Generates tags based on provided credentials, S3 folder information or both if available; otherwise it throws an error message stating that either of them is missing . If neither are present then only one parameter can
1871: Filter paths by length. If the list is empty, return an emtpy set; if it contains one element then just that single item in its own collection and so on until all items are processed
1872: Generates hosts information from the result set of an operation on resources in parallelized manner using hashmap to store results and return them as list with each element being tuple containing key, value pair .
1873: Calculates the potential energy of an electron in water at given distance and temperature, using Lennard Jones's formula with reduced units to calculate it from kcal/mol unit system .
1874: Cleans the mentions in text by replacing them with their unicode replacement character.  This is useful when rendering HTML or other markup languages where @ characters are not allowed as part of content, but
1875: This function converts the string representation of type to an integer. It is used in conjunction with other functions that deal specifically within types and their conversions into integers, such as _convert_* . The
1876: Checks if the given entry is of type TUPLE. 1/3rds done in .scm file, checks whether it'll be skipped or not based on its operation
1877: A function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses Euclidean Distance formula which is sqrt(x^1 + y ^0 . z). The input should
1878: Split the given string into parts of equal length. If number is less than or equals to zero, return an empty list; if it's greater then split by subsections as much possible and
1879: Calculates the variance of beta distribution. Parameters are two positive real numbers, where one is usually referred to as alpha and other refers more generally called kappa in statistics literature . The formula used here
1880: Returns the color of positive interaction based on whether it is true or false.  If positivity, returns green; else blue gray."   .' | tr -d '\n') ) ;|
1881: Converts bounding box coordinates from model to center form, ie., the top left corner is at origin and width/height are half of actual size in image space."  	     .
1882: Converts list of strings to single concatenated one line. 	Input - List, Output = Single String with all elements joined by comma and space separated if the input is not empty or null
1883: A recursive function to get the index of an element in list. If not found, returns (-)."   }]], "code": [["(defun my/finder ((x
1884: A function that checks if the number of runs is less than or equal to minimum run. If yes, then it returns true else false .  It's used in testing reliability and performance metrics."
1885: Finds the number of digtis that are either length two, three or four. This is used to identify '1', '.','|' and '#'. The function takes as input an array with
1886: Parses the mask from an input string. The function takes in one argument, which is assumed to be of type 'line' and returns its subpart after removing all characters before index seven as
1887: A function that takes in string and returns only the letters from it.  It uses helper functions to filter out non letter characters using char alphathetic checker, then converts list back into
1888: A function that tries to match the given 'text' with one of several possible pattern strings. If it finds any, returns true; otherwise false is returned."  [10 points] (
1889: Adds two coordinates together. If the result is out of bounds, returns false; otherwise return true and resulting coordinate pair .   Code snippet : add_coordinates(x y z w
1890: A function to convert degree, minute and second into decimal format using the formula of conversion from Degrees Minutes Seconds To Decimal Format . The result is returned as an approximation due its precision issue
1891: A function to check if the given input is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisiob by four, but also does some additional checking on years that are evenly divided both through
1892: This function returns the reward based on how many earned state. It takes two parameters, 'points' and "distance". If they are equal it gives same as their respective parameter else return zero."
1893: A function to calculate the power of logarithm. It uses recursion and memoization technique." (end define)"    }}}" . "}" )} ;; end module pow
1894: Compare two lists and count the number of correct matches. The function returns these counts as pairs in order to provide an accuracy measure between them, with higher numbers indicating better performance on matching elements from both input
1895: Generates or checks if given number of digts in locker. If not, it appends zeros to make its length equal with input parameter and returns that string; otherwise return original value as
1896: Computes the reciprocal of susceptibility parameter.  It takes into account age and population size to compute an effective measure that can be used in epidemiological modeling or disease spread prediction."
1897: This function returns the positions of all N' characters in given string. It uses list comprehension to find and return them as an array, where each position is represented by its index plus one since it
1898: A function that returns the first vector in list of vectors, which is used to calculate distance between two points on sphere surface .   [END] Code snippet provided by user "user" at
1899: A recursion function to get the NTH FIBONACCI number. The first two numbers are always zero and one, then each subsequent fibo is calculated as sum of previous ones in sequence
1900: Extracting the title of Wikipedia page from given dictionary.  If it exists, replaces spaces with underscores and returns that string; otherwise return false/nothing .   [END] Code:.
1901: A function to calculate the average of numbers.  It takes in an array and returns its value as output."  	    		    }}}}}} . ">" )}< /div> <
1902: Returns the target coverage if more than five uncovered lines exist, otherwise returns half of initial coverages provided by user or default to .63 in case no such count exists and it is not possible
1903: Checks if the first character of string is underscore and second last char also an underline. If yes then returns true else false .'s" (code): checks whether or not given
1904: Convert the given value to percentage. The function takes in one argument, which is assumed as string representation of number with '%' sign at end and returns its equivalent decimal form after conversion from percentages."
1905: Checks if the input is nonnegative number. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or 'true'. It also handles boolean values and undefined value by returning either of them as result
1906: Returns the login of an user or 'Ghost' if no such information is available. If you want to get other details about users, use hashq instead."   .    ->     Code
1907: A function that reads from the socket and returns it as string. The number of bytes read is specified by 'num'. If all data has been received, then an empty list will be returned instead which
1908: Returns the list of all available optimization methods.  This function is used to get information about different types or instances that can be optimized by an algorithm, such as learning rate schedules and momentum schemes in
1909: A recursive function to calculate factorial of an input. It takes in one argument, n and returns the product from mulitplying all numbers upto that point till it reaches zero or
1910: A function to convert Fahrenheit temperature into Celsuis scale using the formula of conversion from farenheight(°F)-> cesluus(( °C). The
1911: Checks if the input is numerically represented as either an integer or float in decimal form, ie., it contains only digits and optionally has one dot after which follows at least two more
1912: Generates the symmetric difference of two lists. It uses recursion to find elements that are in either list but not both, and those which exist only once within each input set."  }]],
1913: This function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers. It takes in 3 arguments, one list and another to calculate differences with respect each other's elements at corresponding indices." (code
1914: Checks if the given coordinates are within New World. If they do, returns true; otherwise false." (defun inNewWorld? lons nats :initarg name . init
1915: Generates environment dependency metadata.   .    Inputs : Element, Valid tool dependencies dictionary; Output -> Environment Dependency Metadata Dictionary with the element and its corresponding tools as keys & values
1916: This function calculates the derivative of dy with respect to dx at point(s).  It is used in numerical integration. The points are given as parameters and it returns one value, which represents how
1917: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence iteratively. The first two numbers in fib series are always zero and one, then each subsequent number is calculated as sum of previous ones ie
1918: Returns the difference between two lists.  It does not include elements that are in both of inputted lissts, only those which exist exclusively within one or other given set/list .
1919: A function to convert Hexadecimal value into Decimals. The input is the string representation of an integer in base 'x'. It returns its decimal equivalent as Integer or Float depending
1920: This function calculates the output size of deconvolutional layer. It takes input and kernel sizes, along with padding as inputs to calculate an appropriate filter's height/width that can be used
1921: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its base filename without any additional information. If it is one or more files with extensions /#, #/ are stripped off but if
1922: Convert millisecond to second. Code snippet that converts the given time in ms into seconds." (defun convertFromMsToS .timestamp))"	Returns converted value from MS
1923: Calculates the resistance of an electrical circuit.  Inputs are number rows, length and area respectively."  	    		   			     									       .;.. ..... ......... ... ;
1924: A function that filters the input 'rows' based on whether or not they contain an element of value in their corresponding hash table.  It uses recursion to traverse through each nested structure and apply
1925: Generates hint based on the keys in 'shortcut' list.  If shortcut is null it returns an empty string otherwise if there are more than one key then return comma separated values of all those
1926: A function to calculate the curve of tension in one dimension, based on time and length parameters."; (comment "This is an implementation detail that should not be used directly.") ; This line will
1927: Calculates the average sentence lengths in an input list of sentences.  Input is expected to be strings and output will also return as string type .  10 points if it works correctly, else -
1928: Swap the first two elements of each list in 'line'.  This is done by taking second element and putting it before, then takes third one to put after. It's used when we
1929: Convert weight from one unit to another using the given conversion factors in kilograms, grams or pounds respectively . If not supported then it throws an error message with appropriate information about what is being requested
1930: Redirection of paths in the Facebook API.  If no redirections are needed, returns original string; otherwise applies specified function to it and then return resultant value as new url or just returned
1931: A function that generates new individuals in the given 'population' by combining two parent individual. The result is an array of survivor, which are selected randomly from all possible combinations to form one child
1932: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisible by four, but NOT evenly divided through ten and also leaves no remainder when being further checked
1933: Returns the closest FIBONACCI number to given input. If two numbers are equally close, returns one of them arbitrarily chosen." (defun getClosetFob
1934: A function that calculates the value of six hump camels equation. The input parameters are two numbers, and it returns their summation result from given formula .   [END] Code Summary :
1935: Calculates the median of two numbers in range from -max to +min, given that they are not equal or within one number difference respectively; otherwise it returns middle point as per usual calculation method .
1936: Strips the given 'PREFIX' from beginning of STRING. If it is not found, returns original input as output; otherwise removes PREFIX and return remaining part in new String .
1937: Converts the given frequency and permittance to delta of conductor's resistance in ohms per meter square."; BEGINNING OF CODE...END HERE"   }}}}}}
1938: Counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count how many times each digit from least significant end is '1'. This function takes an integer as input and returns
1939: Implemented quiclsorted version of radisx algorithm. (define threeWayRadizQuicsorT .sortinG ) => [sorts the list in place using
1940: This function returns the laminae of membranes based on their geometry, with CM being cubic and Fmm/fms as flattened or flopped respectively."   .    -
1941: Check if all elements in the list are equal.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   Code is checking whether or no arguments passed to it and also checks that every element of argument lists
1942: Creates the relations between forms. It recursively creates relationships based on repeated lists in input list of repeatable items, and assigns them unique names using indexing from previous relation creation process to avoid
1943: A function that adds two numbers.  It returns the sum as list of digits . e..g, ((3489760).(.)(.))) -> (.((...
1944: A function to create an outlining of the best possible five card poker hands. It takes in two lists, one representing player's cards and another that represents deck/community pile or discard
1945: Checks if the input is an integer. If it's not, returns #false; otherwise checks whether its string representation equals to itself and return true or false accordingly."  [END]
1946: Encodes the input string by cyclically shifting characters in each group of three. For example, "abc" becomes "[bca]", and so on until all letters are shifted out one at time
1947: Returns the number of lensing channels based on input configuration string.";'s" }}}}}}); then {{{{then . }}..} .....}"))))."./.././../../
1948: Computes the sum of digtis in an integer.  [...] .   The function takes as input one number, and returns its digit's sums up to form another numeral which is returned
1949: Removes dollar sign from string. 1 line function to convert all $ in the inputted strings into nothing and returns it as output .  	Example :( removeDollars '("$$
1950: Determines the overall quality status of an object.  If no specific error or failure is detected, it returns 'pass'. Otherwise return one among FAILURES and ERRORs that occurred during processing
1951: Split the name of an operating systems and its components. Returns two values - base part & optional component if it exists, else returns only one value which is either 'none' or false depending on
1952: A function to check if the given number is leap or not. It checks whether it's divisble by four hundred, then one hundreth and finally even numbers which are less than
1953: A function that creates an adjusted rectangle based on the input parameters. The adjustment is done by taking into account maximum and minimum values of two dimensions, which are then used to create another dimension's value
1954: This function checks if the square of given hexadecimals ends with ‘1’. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned . It uses bit manipulation to check
1955: Generates the link to Open Pecha project on GitHub based upon provided id of any textual content in Pecha format (.prc file).  This is useful when you want your users or
1956: Checks if two trees are the same. If they have identical structure and content, returns true; otherwise false – one is considered different from another by its type or id_. The function also checks
1957: A function to join list of verbs into text.  If the input is empty, it returns an emtpy string; if there's only one element in array then return that single word as
1958: A function that generates the range of numbers from "start" to	"stop". If there is no more number in between, it returns an empty list.   .    Code snippet : default
1959: A function that computes the dot product of two lists. The result is an integer, which represents how much one vector's elements match with another element in terms on their indices respectively . If vectors
1960: A function that calculates the value of vfunction based on given parameters .   [END] (load "lib/math")		[LOAD MATH LIBRARY ]    Loads
1961: Adds the string ' model=' to start of input if it does not already exist.  If there is no such thing, then just returns original text as output .  10/3
1962: Parses an integer string with commons to decimal.  If the input is not valid, returns it as textual representation of that invalidity."  ```   ``` ` `` .::
1963: Checks if any of the elements in list 'ids' are present within another given set.  If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned." Code snippet to test
1964: Parses issue and sub issues from the given string.  It splits by spaces to find all possible 'issues' in each sentence, then parses them out into their individual components if they
1965: A function that calculates the size of an object in bytes. It takes as input one or more objects and returns two values, which are their sizes respectively - summed up over all elements within these
1966: Computes the product of two numbers raised to power 'n' and divided by their reciprocal sum. This is an example function that illustrates how one might use recursion in order compute complex mathematical
1967: Convert the given knots to miles per hour by multiplying with conversion factor of .736940 in python, but faster and more efficient than using multiplication operator directly on integer values which
1968: A function that takes in an ordered sequence and returns the same list with duplicate elements removed. It uses hash table to keep track of visited items, thus ensuring uniqueness without using builtin functions like '
1969: A function to convert the color of an RGB value. 16 colors available, blue is #\#f8fffe .'syntax rules in scheme language."  ```(code):
1970: A recursive function that generates all possible combinations of numbers within the range [i, j).  The number 'n' is used to determine how many elements are in each combination. If no more
1971: Returns the directory of GAMES/SUS and its subdirectories.  The program name is used to determine which specific version or set up it's in, such as 'gamess
1972: Facilitates the creation of instrument names.  If input is one or more instruments, it appends _instruments to end; otherwise if not recognized then converts upper case and adds '_
1973: Counts the number of items in 'coord list' that are larger than or equal to given coordinate.  Coordinate is compared with each item from provided reference point and count if it matches .
1974: Counts the number of dots in population. Code is used to determine how many individuals are represented by '.' characters within an input string, which represents populations or any other data set that has been separated
1975: Converts the given number to its equivalent in Giga levels. This function takes an integer as input and returns it's corresponding value converted into gega units of volume, which is one gig
1976: Clean input by removing non ASCII characters.  This is useful when dealing with files that may contain special or uncommon character sets, such as those used in different languages and scripts."  	;
1977: A function to interpolates between two edges using smooth stepping technique, with an optional third parameter specifying the position within [(lowest possible value of input), highest possibly values]. If no such
1978: A function to convert an integer into its corresponding string representation. If the input is not recognized, it returns 'unknown'. The conversion from ints are as follows : {0 -> OK ,
1979: A function to find the largest divisor of an integer. It uses recursion and keeps reducing until it finds one or returns 'n' if no such number exists in that range, which is then
1980: Returns the host name from an FQDN. If there is no dot in it, returns its symbol form as string or integer depending on whether input was numeric and converted to number beforehand
1981: A function that returns the clip value between two given values. If 'a' is greater than or equal to "b", it will return false, else if X > B then we get Y and
1982: Sorts the given list of lists by one column. The input is sorted in ascending order, and duplicates are removed from each sublists before sorting them together to form an array with three
1983: A function to convert memory size in bytes into human readble format. It uses the power of recursion and string concatenation, making it very efficient with large inputs but also quite complex due its use
1984: A function that returns greeting message. 	Inputs : Name, Output - Gives Hello + inputted string as output .  		    Example of usage is `(call/cc
1985: Extracting column from the given 1D list. If an error occurs, it raises exception with details about what went wrong."   }}}}}} . }}```   `(let ((*print
1986: A function to calculate the power of an integer. It takes two arguments, 'x' and exponentiation number '.i'. The result is calculated by multiplying .X with itself "(Exponent
1987: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .'s and it calculates
1988: Checks if the input is zero. If not, returns false; otherwise true or nil depending on whether it's an integer and less than ten in value as per standard mathematical convention of having no
1989: Returns the first of each quarter in given string format. For example, if input is 'YYMMDD', it will return corresponding to January or February depending on which half/quarter that particular data
1990: A function that pads the left of string with zeroes. If count is equal to ZERO, it returns original String else recursively calls itself adding one more 'zero' at end until its
1991: This function unpacks the message from an update of pins.  It matches on regex pattern and returns two values - whether it'll do anything or not, if so what type will be returned;
1992: A function that takes an array and the number of elements to sum up, then sorts it in ascending order. Then filters out pairs whose first element is odd from sorted list; finally returns these filtered
1993: Expands the grid coordinates by adding or subtracting 'base' from each coordinate. If both are equal, it returns an empty list; otherwise return original tuple of two integers."  [END]
1994: Checks if the given card is in two pair.  If it's not, then returns 'false'. Otherwise,'true', indicating that there are at least one of each suit present on your
1995: Checks if the given token list contains any of luacall, LUA or Luaskins. 1/3rd point in total points are awarded to contain at least one such call
1996: A function to round the input in python. If it's negative, return its absolute value else keep as is . if positive or zero then multiply by one and vice versa..   [
1997: Calculates the exposure time of an integration.  Inputs are number integratios and numeric value representing ramps in seconds."   .    Code is used to calculate exposures times based on
1998: Convert string to signature.  Converts the input 's' into an output that is used as part of signing data in some way, such it can be hashed or signed with cryptographic
1999: Converts an index into bytes. The input is the number of characters to be written, and returns two byte values representing one character's worth in UTF encoding format."   [...] }
2000: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit" .'  	; end of line comment } ; End definition block -> cToF() <--^
2001: A recursive function to find the minimum value in an input list.  It uses iteration instead of recurssion, and keeps track on its own running minumim number as it goes along with
2002: Parses Manufacturer Data HEX string into serial number. If no data, returns 'unknown'. Else if the length of input is not equal to exactly ten characters long then it's
2003: Check if the input is number or not. If it's string, convert to numeric and check whether its floor equals itself; return as result of conversion else keep original non converted form .
2004: Finds the maximum degree of all elements in an inputted array. If there are no inputs, it returns "-". Code is used to find out which element has highest number or "degree" and
2005: Returns the learning rate based on an inputted number of steps. If it'll be more than one decay period, returns initial value; otherwise return current step multiplied by factor to decrease over time
2006: Generates a text with Unix line endings.', 0), ('MacintoshiOSX/Mac OS X specific functions and macros that are not available in other platforms or environments
2007: Calculates the pixel size of an element. If either argument is not provided, returns "none". Otherwise it calcula...'s in pixels per character on screen."   [...]    . The
2008: A recursive function that replaces multiple occurances of the given string in another.  It uses list processing functions like 'list?' and '.', as well strings' replace method, which is used
2009: Code snaps the columns of an input table. It takes two arguments, one is rows and another argument are widths which determines how wide each column should be in characters or pixels depending on whether it
2010: Normalizes the given number of whole units into day, hour and minute format. For example normalizing input as '179' to return output like ('(day .hour).minute')."
2011: Checks if the game is over when it's O’ s turn.  If not, returns false; otherwise true .   It checks whether there are any elements in 'board list'. When
2012: This function replaces tokens in the given string with corresponding values. It uses recursion to handle nested structures and replace all occurrences of '{'+'a'-}' within strings, replacing them
2013: A function that converts an integer to hexadecimal. The input is the number and its width in bits, then it returns as result of conversion from decimal system into binary one . It uses
2014: Calculates the number of intervals in an L^p norm interval, given its corresponding p value and total length or size .'s"
2015: A function to calculate the Manhattan distance between two points.  The input is represented as pairs of coordinates in terms that are relative distances from origin, ie., it's like how far you
2016: Generates the command line flags to be used with yacc.  This function takes in an argument list of strings and returns them as one string, joined by newline characters which are then appended
2017: A function to convert the first letter of each word in an inputted sentence into upper case.  If no argument is provided, it will return empty or nil if called without any arguments; otherwise returns
2018: Converts strings of digits to numbers. If the input is three characters, it conversts them into an integer; if two - convert as float point number and so on..' .
2019: A function to get value from JSON dictionary. It can handle nested dictionaries and lists, returning the default if not found in any of them or none at all .   [END] Code Summary ]
2020: A function to compute the soft maximum of input vector elements"  	     . "Soft max is used in machine learning and neural networks, it's an activation fuction that turns inputs into probabilities
2021: This function takes in four points and returns the smallest rectangle that can be formed from these 4 corners. The result is represented as five elements of list, which are minimum x coordinate ,minimum y coordinates
2022: A function that greets the user by their given or defaulted 'name'.  If no argument is provided it defaults to greeting everyone.   .   ```python ```ruby ``java`
2023: Convert the input to list if it is not already.  If its an integer, convert into string and then append as many times in order of magnitude until reaching zero or less than one .   For
2024: Returns the list of all raw timestamps within given range.  [10 points] .   Code is to get only those timestamp which are in between 'start' and	'end'.
2025: Remove duplicate word from string.  Example input -> 'hello world hello' output will be '->  '.world, .','').   Code is written in Scheme language and it removes
2026: This function filters out the empty strings from an input list of 'Granulures'.  It does so by checking each element in turn and if it is not equal to '' then keep that.
2027: Checks if the input is valid Game Week. If not, throws an error message stating invalid GW number range from [0 -> 46].   .    Code snippet to be
2028: A function that multiplies two numbers or strings. If both arguments are not of the same type, it returns an error message stating what kind is being unsuported and which argument was given as input
2029: A function that converts an input to its integer equivalent. If the given argument is already of type int, it returns as such; if not then attempts conversion from string or real number into integers and
2030: Checks if the input is prime. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true in one line of pythonic syntax."}])}}}}}"}]]], "code": [
2031: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. It checks if each element in one list is also present within another, and keeps only those elements which are common to both sets . If no such pair
2032: A function to build resiliency URLs.  It checks if the provided string is an HTTP or HTTPS url and appending it with given ports, else prepend 'HT' on
2033: A function to get feature names. It generates the list of features based on number provided as input parameter, with each name being 'Feature' followed by an incrementing integer starting from one upto given
2034: This function checks if all values in list are within specified ranges and returns only those that fall into these given parameters; otherwise raises an exception with appropriate error message . If no such value exists then return empty
2035: A function that reverses the order of domain names in an array.  It splits each name by '.' and then reverse it to get back into original form .e..g., input -
2036: A function that returns the smallest of two numbers. If it's greater than max, return its own min; if less then get other number’ smin – otherwise just give back original input
2037: A function that returns the matching part of text. It filters out non-"matches" and joins them back together with new Lines in between each matched string found."  [END]  ```
2038: A function that deduplicates entities in an alert. It checks if the entity is already present and removes it, otherwise adds to list of duplicated ones." Code snippet :
2039: A function that concatenates two numbers into one string.  The result is the sum of these number in form 'num_one+nun_two'.   .'s"    }))
2040: A function to set the Iris definitions in Swagger.  It takes two parameters, 'swagger' and an object of type `irisesdefinitions` . The method sets up components/
2041: A function that returns the string '¡Saludos!' followed by an input parameter.  It is used to greet someone with their name in Spanish language .
2042: Generates the last updated cell name.  For example, if input is '1', it will return string as E03 .   It's used to generate unique names of cells in spread
2043: A function that computes the dot product of three vectors. 3D vector is represented as list [x, y ,z]. The result will be an integer representing their scalar multiplication .  1
2044: Calculates the time to open an umbrella based on distance and speed. The function takes two parameters, one is kilometers of traveled by user while other parameter represents total length in feet
2045: A function that returns the default scope of resources.  It is used to get scoped data from an API endpoint, which can be either local or remote depending on whether it's accessed via HTTP
2046: Convert TSV data to tabular format.  It splits the input string into rows, then each of those is split by tabs and converted back in as columns with enough leading spaces added so that
2047: Calculates the vapor pressure in Pascal.  Inputs are temperature and density of air, outputs is Vapour Pressurr e(in Pascals).   .   103
2048: Trims the tokens in an input list. The number of trimmed token is determined by "maxTokens". If all or none are required, it returns empty array; otherwise return one element with
2049: Normalizes the color values of an RGB or grayscale bitmapped picture. This function is used to scale down images in order not lose any information during processing, and also makes it easier on
2050: This function takes an URL as input and returns the same or modified version of it. If not already in correct format, adds http protocol to make sure that we have valid HTTP link .  It is
2051: A function to check if the point is inside an image. The input parameters are coordinates of center and radius, which defines what we consider as "in" or not in our picture/canvas .
2052: A function that returns one if the two inputs are equal, otherwise it will return zero. This is often used in signal processing to represent Diracs delta functions or impulse responses of finite duration and infinite frequency
2053: A function that returns the value of an API URL based on its key, but does nothing with it and always raises exception when called otherwise." 		   .(if equal to ' energy rec order
2054: A function to convert latin text from one encoding scheme into another. It uses the subprocess module in python and converts it back using windows cmd command line tool "iconv". This is useful
2055: Returns the severity level of an error or warning.  If not recognized, returns 'info'.   .'s" }}}}}}).then(consolelog("Error occurred"))}catch{
2056: Combines all the strings in list into single string.  The order of concatenation is from left to right, and each element's result becomes new first input . This function can be used when
2057: Returns the length of text in given tweets.  Code is used to get lengths from dictionary object which contains all possible twitter data .  	Dictionary keys are 'id', and value associated with
2058: A function that checks if the input is of length 'n' and returns it as list. If not, an error will be thrown with message indicating incorrect arguments . (endcode )
2059: A function that calculates the proportional distance from 0 to one of two values. The result is between zero and unit inclusive, where closer points are smaller numbers in proportion with larger ones."   [
2060: Generates HTML tags. 1 line per function, no parameters or return values are allowed in the body of each call to _tags . e g., <div> <span>  etc...   and
2061: A function to get the folder name from file names. It takes in one parameter, which is supposedly an absolute path of any kind and returns its parent directory's fullname as string . The
2062: A function that sends an RPC request to the server with specified receiver and content.  The response is received asynchronously, then processed by another process in order notifying it about changes made on
2063: A function that adds two lists of numbers. Each list represents one number in the sequence, and each element is added together with its corresponding pair from another inputted sequences to produce an outputting resultant
2064: This function takes in two arguments, the first being an input sequence and second one is length of each chunks. It returns all elements from given sequences divided into smaller lists with equal to or less than
2065: A function that calculates the number of neighbouts an electron has. If there are less than four electrons, it returns eight more; if greater then return minus eigth times subtracts from
2066: Checks if the given string contains only symbols. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or not all characters in an inputted text are non
2067: Checks if the given string is less than or equal to one sixth of its length. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise return true . "Namespace name" refers in Racket
2068: A recursive function to find the maximum possible sum of nonadjacent elements in an array. The algorithm uses dynamic programming and memoization techniques, where it stores intermediate results so that if they are
2069: This function takes in an input string and replaces all the hyphens, colons or dots with periods. It is used to sanatify times that are stored as strings on some systems but have
2070: Finds the closest divisible number that is greater than or equal to 'A' and less then/equal too, which also has no remainder when divided by any other integer. If there are multiple
2071: A function to calculate the time window size.  It returns how many times it takes from 'start' till reaching or surpassing point of interest in seconds, and then subtract that number with
2072: Computes the product of three points in space. The input is two lists, each containing xyz coordinates and one matrix to transform them into another coordinate system before multiplying with other vectors/points
2073: Normalizes the name to remove apostrophes and nonbreaking spaces.  This is used in naming files, directories etc..   .eox ) ;; normalizing names by removing quotes from
2074: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty, return the other as result; if both are non空 and first element of 'left' < than that in second,' then take from "
2075: Normalizes an eMail address to upper case. 	Inputs : Email Address, Output - normalized version of the inputted mail id in string format .  		    Returns "None" if
2076: A function that removes duplicate tweet entries from the input list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of 'seen' and only adds it if not already present in there, thus effectively removing
2077: Check the reformatting of version control buffers based on user inputs or defaults to 'commit'. (define checkRefFormatVersions . [ctx buf commited lst sita suc])
2078: Checks if the given string is equal to one of several zip related mime types. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether it matches any provided type in order, otherwise return
2079: Returns true if the number of electrons in an atom is sufficient to perform multithreading. Otherwise, it returns false .   Code snippet :(defn _suffientElectronForMult [
2080: A function that converts all the characters in an input string to upper case. It uses helper functions defined within it, such as 'lowercase?' and character conversion utility '.  The result is
2081: This function sorts the list of KeysPoints by response in descending order. If there are more than "N" points, it returns only N best ones."   .'    ) ;;
2082: This function checks if the correlation response is empty or not, and then determines whether it's correct. If both are true -> false alert; otherwise returns either 'true', indicating that there was
2083: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Usage example is gcd(48,76)."   }]], "code": [{}]} ]}}]]}}}
2084: Code deduplicates and sorts the elements of an input list. It uses recursion to try appending or prepending each element in order until it finds one that doesn't exist already, then
2085: A function to generate the name of bibliographic references.  The id is used as part number in naming convention ref1, reftwo etc..'s formatting .   '(
2086: A function that returns the feminine form of an input word. If no such forms exist, it will return false; otherwise true is returned and its value represents whether or not there are any other possible
2087: Convert time in Second to Human Readble Format. e,g., convert(31897); => '~> ∞' or  =>   `convert() ; =>  return the
2088: A function to build an experiment url.  The input is the root of our website and we append '/experiments' at end . This will be used in future calls where you want experiments on your
2089: Checks if the given 'field' is one of several options that can be selected in multi selection libraries. This function will return true or false depending on whether it finds an option among those specified,
2090: Extracts the hour from given datetime string. For example, if input is "Wednesday February The Twenty Fourth of March" it will return '0'. If you provide an exact time
2091: Check if the input is an Array. If not, it throws error with message Invalid Input – checkArray .   Code snippet : #lang racket/base    defn ->
2092: A function to calculate the power of an integer with respecto tp another. It uses fast modular multiplication algorithm which is faster than standard recursive implementation but has higher time complexity O(log n).
2093: Convert the input to numerics. If it's already numerical, return as is; if not convert into number format using string conversion function and then check whether its boolean or null type .If none
2094: A function that divides the input by ten. It's an example of recursion in Python, where it calls itself to perform its task until reaching base case(n=9). The result
2095: Transposes the matrix.  It takes as input an n x m Matrix and returns its transposed version, where each row becomes column in output .   "Transposing" means swapping rows with
2096: Convert the given list of rows into an SQL tuple.  The input is expected to be in CSV format and each element should have exactly ten elements, where first three are string type values representing column
2097: This function returns the color scheme based on whether value is positive, negative or zero. It also determines which arrow to use in visualization of data points depending upon their values." ---}}}}}
2098: A function that chooses between two files based on the smoothing factor provided by Susan's algorithm, if it is less than half of its own width at any point in time series data; otherwise
2099: Generates the name of file where linear regression coefficients are stored in csv format .  "result" directory is used to store these files."   '(defun linRegFilePath (.))
2100: Split the string into list of strings.  # is used as separator in split function to separate different options/values from one another .   Returns : List with all separated values /options/.
2101: Returns list of all the county names that have died today.  It uses recursion to traverse through each element in 'County List' until it finds one with matching death day, then adds
2102: Returns the package of resource named "(parameterize ...)" . If no slash found, returns false. Otherwise return sub string from start to first occurrence if any." Code snip
2103: Returns the browser url.  If live cd, returns localhost else it will return local host as default .   Code snippet : getBrowserUrl(isLiveCd).    It's
2104: A recursive function to add two binary numbers. It uses bit manipulation and conditional statements in order of priority, which is equivalent with the addition operation on normal integers but works only when both operands
2105: Checks if one sublists is the same as another. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length : x characters    Author(s): y authors     License information:(c)/
2106: Returns the color of strands in reverse complementary order, if it's not already reversed or its length less than two bases long then returns false otherwise true .   - Code : getStr
2107: Find the item in list that matches with its previous one. If no match is found, return false or nil; otherwise returns matched element." (defun findMatchingItemInList ()
2108: Add mincss stats to the URL.  If it contains '?' then append else prepend with ? and = sign .   This function is used in css file generation process of webpage generator tool
2109: Checks if two vectors are equal in length and content. If they're not of the same size, it returns false; otherwise checks each pair correspondingly to see whether both elements at that position
2110: Checks if the position is out of bounds in terms on grid. It checks both horizontal and vertical boundaries, returning true or false accordingly."; (commentary "")"";""");}
2111: Handles packets.  Packets are received in the order they arrive, and each handler is called with their number as well an instance of currentPacked . The handlers can be added to receive
2112: Generates an SQL URL.  The format is postgres/hostName:/database name .  	Example : _createSQLURL("localhost","myDatabase") -> postgreSql//localHost
2113: Converts rates from one unit to another. The conversion is based on the conventions of units used by different countries and organizations." Code snippet : Convert rate between two given
2114: A function to generate the title of an HTML document.  [1pt]   .eoc    eoC     oco      co       oc        c         tc          s            n
2115: Tokenizes the input string by replacing dots with spaces and splitting it into individual tokens.  This is useful in natural language processing tasks where you want to break down sentences or phrases, such as token
2116: A function to convert the first character of each word in upper case. If input is already capitalized, it will return as such but with no space before and after if necessary due its length constraint on
2117: A simple implementation of the DJB2 hashing algorithm. It's used to generate unique identifiers in distributed systems and databases, etc.." . "   - Code snippet from d
2118: Calculates the critical radius of an elastic solid. The formula is derived from Young's modulus and Poisson ratio, which are input parameters to calculate it based on these formulas : N = E /
2119: A function that returns the satin factor of an integer. If it's less than zero, return negative one; if greater then positive ones and equal to input number itself ,return its own value
2120: Check if the length of input is within range. If it's less than one hundred, raise an exception; otherwise return original value .   [END] Code:.    : check str len
2121: Computes the boundig box of given set or list.  The result is returned as two pairs, with first and second elements being minimums/minimum values along each axis respectively while third & fourth
2122: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion and has an exponential time complexity, but it is very efficient in terms of space usage as well because only two numbers are
2123: Checks if the number of requests is within valid range. If yes, returns #true; otherwise return false or error message "Invalid request".   .    Code:.     :code = '(
2124: A function that returns the name of weekdays. 0 is Sunday and so on up to seven are Saturday."   Code snippet/example : `(code '((lambda () ((def
2125: A function that multiplies two numbers if they are equal or divides one number by another.  It returns the product of these values otherwise, it will return division result." Code is
2126: A function that checks if the given file name has any of its extension in list.  It is case insensitive and uses string downcasing to handle different cases with same names but differing capital
2127: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "Factorial = 1". Otherwise ,it calls itself with
2128: Converts RGB color to string format. 1st element is red, middle one green and last blue component of the tuple are used as well .'s" Example usage :
2129: Returns the list of all non custom view points.  Code is to exclude any views that are marked as "Custom View".   It does so by checking if they contain '/custum' in
2130: Split date and time from the given input.  Input is expected to be in format DD/MMM Mmm hh mm ss .sss, where '.' separates different parts
2131: Returns the extension of an inputted string.  For example, getFileExtension("test") would return ".txt" .'s'. '.' is not part in its own right and should be
2132: Checks if the given URL contains 'https://' or '.net/'.  Returns true when it does, false otherwise."  	;(check whether string is in list of strings)" ;
2133: Remove lines containing specific patterns from file.  "pattern" is used to identify which strings in each of these files should be removed."   .split(file, "\n") )).map((
2134: A function that converts an inputted String to list of pairs. Each pair consists the first character and zeroes in between, followed by each subsequent characters from original strings . The output is then returned
2135: A recursive function to reverse the string. The base case is when an empty strinng, in which it returns another instance of itself with no characters appended yet; otherwise ,it concatenates
2136: A function that takes two numbers and returns the sum of their interleaved values. The second number determines how many times to repeat one value from first input, which is then added back on top as
2137: A binary search function that works on sorted arrays. It returns true if the element is in array, false otherwise and #false when it'll never find an answer or no more elements to check after
2138: Returns the class mask of an IP address. The function takes as input integer representing IPv6 and returns corresponding int representation in binary form, which is used to identify network segment within larger networks or subn
2139: Returns the filename from an URL.  It uses string splitting to get last part of path and then appends it with .txt extension if not present already in file name, else returns original one without
2140: Converts RGB color to XYZ and then back again using the D65 white point conversion formulae, with an approximation of gamma correction applied if necessary due inaccuracies present during intermediate
2141: Generates the name of an union with types from given list.  Sorts and concatenated names are returned as one line output, e..g., UnionType1 or UnioN3n
2142: A function that calculates the smallest positive integer n such as [n*factor] modulus equals to 'value'. It uses modular arithmetic. The result is simplified by reducing unnecessary computations and
2143: This function splits the input by commas and returns each individual author or genre as its own element in an array. It also takes care of any remaining text after splitting, which is considered to be
2144: This function sorts the list of strings in ascending numerical order.  It uses map to convert each element into its numeric representation and then applies sort on it, which will return sorted elements as per
2145: Returns the key of dictionary that matches given 'value'. If no such match is found, returns #F. Uses list indexing to find matching element in dictioanry .'s values
2146: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of adding one to an integer product. It is used in generating random numbers based on given conditions, such as time or position dependent processes .'   }
2147: This function checks if the user has entered anything. If not, it will display an alert message asking them to press enter before continuing with software release checker." (END OF CODE B
2148: Resize the given rectangle to fit within an area defined by 'max' dimensions. If it can not be resized, return original size as is; otherwise resize according with minimum required dimension constraint and
2149: Looks up the Instance ID of an EC2 instances. If no sessions are available, it will return nil; if there is only one reservation in your account then returns that id otherwise throws
2150: Discards newline characters from the beginning of string. If no such character exists, returns original length as result."   [END]'s answer to "What is an example where you would use
2151: This function takes three arguments, the digital magnitude spectrum of an audio signal and its bandwidth in Hz; it returns one value - smeared version with given bandwith centered at certain frequency."
2152: A function that adds elements of two lists element wise. If one or both input are null, it returns the other's value as is and does not alter them in any way."  [1
2153: Generates the path to public release of haplotype caller table in GnomAD database, based on provided type and versions."  [END]'   . ' -> gsn
2154: Returns the nth element of list if it exists, else returns #F. If there is no such an item in given 'index' position then return '#'.   .    "(list)"
2155: Calculates the mean of list elements.  If input is empty, returns zero as there's no average to calculate from an emtpy set or array .   "(defun" means
2156: This function calculates the mid point of two points. It takes in as input pairs or lists representing x and y coordinates, then returns another pair/ list that represents their respective middle values along each axis
2157: A function to calculate the decay factor of an LR schedule in SGD or other stochastic gradient descent methods, based on current epoch number and total steps taken so far within training session." (
2158: Filter out the core endpoint records from an input list.  The filter is based on whether or not there are any 'YES' entries in each record of END POINTs . If yes,
2159: This function normalizes the module name. It checks if it contains '.' or '-' and replaces them with nothing, effectively removing any prefixes that might be present in .NET style namespaces
2160: Sorting the keys of latencies. The function takes in an object with key as string and value is integer, then it sorts them based on their values which are greater than or equal to  >=
2161: A function to get the base name of file path. It uses recursion and string manipulation functions."   [END]'s answer is correct, but it seems like there might be some mis
2162: A function that calculates the temperature in Celsius based on an input value. The formula used is T(°C)(Kelvin - °F = 9/5 * [T
2163: A function to check if the window size is valid. If not, it throws an error message stating that Window Length should either positive or zero and also less than two."   .    Code sn
2164: Encodes the given 'actions' type into its corresponding route. If it doesn’nt start with @, then just return original actions as is and if starts -> appended onto end of current
2165: A function to truncates the inputted times in seconds into minutes and hours. The output is formatted as 'HHH':'mmm'. If less than one minute, it will return just an
2166: Parses the major version of an X.X implementation string into its integer value, if possible; otherwise returns empty String .'s"   "    Code:"(defun parseIntFrom
2167: Generates the filename of training data file based on given id and extension .  json format is used to store train dataset in JSON files."   [END] Code snippet ][BEGIN][
2168: Parses boolean values from string. If the input is not valid, it throws an error message stating that invalid . The function will return either `#t` or #f based on whether its
2169: Defines the variable 'name' as being equal to binary numbers.  If called with argument of string title, returns value true if it is defined in some way or false otherwise .   It defines
2170: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the first and second argument, which are assumed to be lists of numbers or other numeric types supported by your language' s standard ar
2171: Converts the given number of levels to power in decimal notation, i., e..g convert from deciles(d)."   . "The function takes an integer as input and returns its
2172: A function that adds two lists of numbers together. The result is returned as another list where each element corresponds to the summed value from corresponding elements in input arrays, and no additional information about which array
2173: A recursive function to calculate factorial of an integer. It uses iteration instead, which is more efficient than the previous one using tail call optimization and thus faster in some cases but less readable due
2174: This function is used to instruct the robot on how it should clean up its environment. It tells humans about what needs cleaning and waits until they are ready before starting their task .  The result of
2175: Checks if the first list is subset of second.  If yes, returns true else false .'s"   }]], "code": [["(defun compareLists ",",
2176: This function calculates the centroiid of two points in geographical coordinates given as parameters." Code snippet to test it with some data, if any : Testing example
2177: Convert from one length scale to another using the system of units defined by 'val' and return result in new scaled value . e..g convert(7,“meter”，’kilo meter
2178: This function generates the data needed to plot time signal curves. It takes as input an object list of signals and returns another lists with all necessary information about each channel in order, including its name & unit
2179: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .'s and it returns either
2180: Checks if the given string starts with an underscore. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending on whether there is no character in that position of 'attribute'. This function checks
2181: Checks if the input is valid VLAN ID. A Valid id should be an integer between [(min), max] = {[,max]} . The min and Max are inclusive in
2182: Calculates Young' s moduli of two types, Kelvin and Rankine respectively . The parameters are the material properties in rankines or kilos as per user choice."   }}}}}}
2183: A function that returns the first person who shares at least one birthday with another. If no such people exist, it will return #F." "(birthdayMatch '((3
2184: A function that takes two lists of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add corresponding elements from both list until one or either input is empty, then it stops adding up
2185: Convert two numbers to string with comma separator.  Example:(1,34).   Code snippet used in the program is .(defun myfunc ... )... end of line
2186: Recursively joins all the elements of list into one string. If an element is not found in its associated keys, it will be represented as 'none'. The join operation takes place between each pair
2187: Generates header text in ansi color. 1 line only, no parameters required."  ```(defun myfunc () "my function") ```)"))))) . #\Space -
2188: Returns the status of ZigBee Cluster Layer Attribute.  The returned string is one among several possible values depending on what caused an error to occur during execution, or if no errors
2189: Remove 'bgs' from the string. 10/3rd of total characters removed if there is no match found, otherwise it removes only one occurrence and then remaining ones are kept as they
2190: Finds the index of last watched video in directory. If no videos have been played, returns zero; otherwise it finds and return its position within list/directory structure."   }}}}}}"
2191: Checks if there are any profiles on the given list of pluggable objects.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .  	Input : List<plugging> , Output - boolean
2192: Generates help text.  Takes two arguments, the name of an object and its details to provide in formatted string formatting."   . ) ;; end define function definition block }}}}}}
2193: This function checks if the given object is part of package. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or an error message indicating that there was no such thing as 'pkg'. The
2194: Convert accented characters to their non accentuated counterparts. This function is used in the context of text processing and natural language understanding tasks where dealing with special character encoding issues can be necessary, such
2195: Extracting values from JSON array. If the value is not found, it returns default "Not Found" message."   .    Code snippet to test your function with some sample input/output
2196: This function calculates the sensitivity of two events based on their ids, with specific rules defined in its body."}'; },{name:'Sensitivities',content:"Function to
2197: This function takes in the url of an article and returns only its subredit. If no such information is available, it will return "None". It does not handle any exceptions or errors that might occur
2198: Convert the input to list of numbers.  Input is split by space and each element in output will be converted into number type .   If conversion fails, it returns an error message indicating that there was
2199: This function takes in one dataset and returns the same data set without duplicated values.  It uses map to apply removeDuplicate method on each element of input Dataset .  	It is used
2200: Preprocessing transciptions to be used in the model.  This function trims and converts all text into upper case letters, which is common preproccessing step before training any machine
2201: A function to calculate the learning rate decay. It takes in four parameters - current epoch, total number of steps within an iteration or batch and initial/starting Learning Rate , ending / final LR
2202: A function that takes three arguments, returns the result of subtracting one argument from another.  The first two are taken as constants and represent some value or variable in 'state'.  3rd is
2203: Convert an object to its textual representation.  If the input is list, it concatenates all elements into one single String; if number or boolean - convert them respectively and return as strings otherwise throw
2204: Checks if the proband's and pool of individuals have exactly one set common ancestor.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false." Code:. . :.. ..
2205: A recursive function to find the optimal weight of items that can fit into given 'capacity'. It uses memoization. The base case is when there are no more remaining elements in list,
2206: This function returns the block number of each layer in an efficient way. It uses hash tables to map from network architecture names like `resnest` or other strings, and then retrieves corresponding values based
2207: Returns the next locations of all possible moves in an eight directional grid. The current position is considered as top left corner and it's moving towards right, then downwards on each move respectively until
2208: Generates default names of variables.  The name is 'n' followed by the index in range from zero to `(minus one).` . e..g, v0 , ...., ve
2209: Returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  If no match found, returns 'other'.   .'s" ;; eu is europe and us east - west are america regions).
2210: Generates an image link with the given alternative text and URL.  The output is in HTML format, which can be embedded directly into web pages or used as part of markup language to create images
2211: Convert underscores to stars in the given string.  This is useful when you want your output on one line, but need it formatted as an input into another function or method that expects spaces instead
2212: Check if the length of two DNA sequences are equal.  If they're not, return false; otherwise true .   "    ". Code snippet to be used in your solution : #
2213: Returns the percentage of 'value' that falls within between given range. If it is equal to or greater than max, returns min% and if less then return zero . Otherwise calculate percentages from "
2214: A recursive function to reverse the string. The base case is when an empty input, in which it returns another instance of itself with no characters left reversed and thus returning back into its original state
2215: A function that generates an enumeration of medical images. It takes in the image names as input and returns them with their corresponding medial number assigned to each one, starting from '0'. For example
2216: Convert from API box coordinates to TensorFlow format. This function takes an input of four elements representing the top left and bottom right corners in pixel coordinate system, converts them into tensorflow's
2217: Converts an inputted year of life into the corresponding number in the British Pension Scheme, or returns default value if not valid option is provided .   [END] Code:.   ```
2218: Computes the sum of squares in list.  Input is given as an element or elements from any type, and output will be square rooted resultant value .   "Input : [1 ,
2219: Returns the wait interval in seconds between retried requests. The number of times to retry is passed as an argument, and it returns two raised upto that many power ie., if no more
2220: This function prints the performance of an operation. It takes two arguments, 'start' and	'end', which represent time in seconds when performing some action or computation starts respectively ends . The result is printed
2221: This function increases the experience of an entity by multiplying it's level with .764 times, which is equivalent to increasing its exp in one unit time period and then halving every second
2222: A function to generate checkpoints name based on epoch number .   [1 point] (provide/doc #f 'code :lang lang#R ) } ]} ,,,,]]
2223: Returns the index of minimum value in outermost list. If there is no such an element, returns zero."} {#f #(lambda () (#%base/get 'syntax
2224: This function sets the bit at position 'offset' in binary representation of number "value". It uses arithmetic shift to move bits up and then performs an OR operation with one. The result is stored
2225: Checks if the input is non zero string or not. If it's an empty then returns true else false .   Code snippet to be used in other parts of your program, e
2226: Flatens the input sequence. If it is an empty list, returns nothing; if not then recursively flattens its first element and appends to rest of elements in same way until all are
2227: Returns the view scope of an image given its DICOM dictionary. The returned list is [xmin, xmax , ymin，y max]. These are pixel coordinates within which to render thumb
2228: Computes the centroiid of three sets or vectors. 3D point coordinates are averaged to get an average position in space, which is returned as list [px py pz]. The
2229: Checks if all elements in the list are equal. If so, returns true; otherwise false .'s" } , "Checking whether every element of an input sequence is identical." }, {
2230: Convert string representation of numbers into actual numeric values.  If the input is already numerical, it returns as such; otherwise attempts conversion from strings using standard conventions like str_to_* functions in
2231: A function that takes two arguments, an element and its key. If it is present as one or more elements's keyword then returns original value else throws error message indicating which keywords are missing from provided
2232: Calculates the score of an individual in terms 3D scoring system based on input parameters and returns it as output .'s length is less than or equal to  49 characters"."}
2233: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
2234: Returns the indent of given string. If it is not an empty or whitespace only, returns number leading to first non white space character in that subtring else return whole lines's size if
2235: Checks if the input is numeric. 10 digits or fractional part up to two decimal places are considered as numbers in general numbering system, and returns true otherwise false . It
2236: A function to check if the number is prime. It uses an iterative approach with half of numbers as potential dividers, starting from two and upwards until it finds one or returns false when no
2237: A function to extract the family name from an input string. The first occurrence of ';' character is used as separator between last and given names in Full Name field." --->(
2238: Checks if the input and output ports are within acceptable range. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to be used in other parts or scripts that require port checking..
2239: Create an URI string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The connection details are provided as parameters in the function call, and it returns such formatting of uri .   Example : getPGURI("user
2240: Checks if the default value of column in dataframe matches with provided one. If yes, returns true else false . It sorts and compares two lists to check whether they are equal or not."
2241: Checks if the given issue is in theme mode.  If it's not, then adds one to its list of themes and returns true; otherwise return false indicating that there are no more issues
2242: Generates dictionary from list of hashes. Each hash represents one record in the input data set, and each key is used as an index to access corresponding value within that same dict entry."   }
2243: Normalizes the package name to be used in npm.  It replaces underscores with dashes and converts all characters into lowecase, then returns it as is or modified version
2244: A function that checks if one number is divisible by another.  It returns true or false depending on the result of remainder operation between two numbers." (check to see whether x and y
2245: Convert time in seconds to milliseconds. Code snippet that converts the given number of second(S)." ---> "Converstion function from Second To Milli
2246: Checks if the input is an Isograms. An IsoGraph, also known as permutation of middle and not at end or with same characters in both halves but different positions on either
2247: Expands the given value with its defaults. If it is falsey, returns [Default Default]. Otherwise return original input as list of two elements if true or single element otherwise .  This function can
2248: Removes duplicates from the sequence. It uses recursion to iteratively remove elements that have already been encountered in "seen". The base case is when there are no more items left, at which
2249: A function that clips the input to be within given range.  If it's above max, returns maximum; if below min then return minimum otherwise keep as is .   [END] Code
2250: Creates an object that represents the specified byte on one of two channels. The first five bytes are used to represent data from each connected device and can only change when they're in sync with another
2251: Generates names based on the format string and list of indices. The name is created by appending "<STAR INDEX><SPECTRUM INDEX>>". For each instance in 'inst
2252: Returns the normalized version of an input string. If it's sha 3, then returns lower case else return original value .   Code snippet to be used in other parts or tests :
2253: A function that returns the reverse of an array sorted in backward order. The input is length and elements are integers, output will be another list with same size as inputs but reversed ordered by descending
2254: A recursive function to match two lists. It checks if the elements at each position in both arrays are equal, and returns zero otherwise; it also has an option of counting how many times maximum count
2255: Generates an Alexandria Top Sites API URL with the given parameters – Count, Start and Output format as JSON .'  	    		   			     	   									       ';
2256: This function takes two arrays and mixes them based on the given 'factor'. The result is an array that's half as large, but has been adjusted to be closer in value than its original
2257: A function to calculate the area of trapezoide. The parameters are three numbers representing lengths in minor and major axes, respectively; it returns an error message if any parameter is negative or zero
2258: A function that generates edges of the ring structure. It takes in an integer and list(s), where each element is represented as three numbers, representing coordinates on edge with respect to center point . The
2259: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by both four and hundred, then also checks whether that’ salso divided evenly into three times to form an
2260: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. 16 bit colors are supported, with each component represented by two digits in the range from '0' -> '#FFFFFF'.
2261: A function that performs some bit manipulation on an integer. The input is multiplied by two and then the result of XOR operation with another value, which results in zeroing out all but one
2262: A function to generate the URL of UTM'S timeline page with specific parameters set up by user inputting their study level, course and semester details  .
2263: Returns the lower case version of input string.  This function is used to get path information about different platforms in which our application can run . e g., it will return 'win32' if
2264: Returns the definition of what constitutes an A, B + , C +  or D+  in terms on numeric grades and their corresponding letters .   It takes as input one character string that represents either
2265: Convert pairs to an array of strings.  If the pair is null or empty, return it as string "( )". Otherwise convert each element in list into its corresponding value and join them with spaces
2266: Generates the difference between two lists.  It takes in list of left hand side and right handed sides, it returns all elements that are not present on both sets .   "New" means they
2267: A function to solve the coding problem 3.4 in chapter one of "Programming Pearls" by Jon Bentley and Joshua Goldberg, which is about finding all possible combinations that
2268: A function that creates an SQL query from the given keyword list.  The keywords are joined by 'OR' to form part of WHERE clause in sql statement .  	Example :( create\_sql
2269: Computes the inverse of quaterions. (code): )" . "") ;; end quote block commentary, no newline at start or in middle and ends with '.' character
2270: A function that pads the sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length. If original string is longer than required, then no padding will be done; if shorter - additional characters are added to reach desired
2271: Encodes special HTML characters in the given text.  It replaces &, < and > with their respective entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers or other parsers/
2272: Adds the given 'amount' to each of R, G and B components in input list. If result exceeds maximum limit(i.,e ,max), it wrap around back into range from zero
2273: Returns the value of bit at position 'K' in an octet. If K is out range, it returns -9634 or +x depending on sign and magnitude respectively .
2274: A function that checks if the first two variables are greater than third. If they're, it returns "Blob". Otherwise - return 'Fish'.  .   The second variable is multi
2275: Generates an ordered list of points in the form [(m*i +b modulus), i] where '.' is used to represent each point. The function takes three parameters - multiplier
2276: Returns the median of longitude and lattitudes in given list.  It calculates average values from each dimension separately, then returns them as two separate elements within one vector." --->
2277: Reads the coordinates of points in one point format. The first element is x coordinate and second elements are y cooridnates . e..g, ((0 -3 )(4
2278: A function that converts underscores in the input string to spaces.  For example, c__hello___world becomes C Hello World .  	Inputs : String , Output ->
2279: Checks if the given list of three numbers are valid. If they're invalid it throws an error with their respective names and index in case any element isn’t numeric or missing from input
2280: Adds two points in 3D space. The result is another point of the same type as input, but with coordinates added to each corresponding coordinate from both inputs respectively . e..g., ((
2281: This function checks if the URL ends with slash and adds one, otherwise it appends / to end of string.  It is used in web scraping tasks where we need urls that are
2282: A function that generates windows of the same process ids as in an input list. The output is another lists with pairs where each pair contains two elements, first element being window handle and second one its
2283: A recursive function to calculate the next power of two. If input is zero, return one; otherwise start with an initial value as 'one' and keep doubling it until we reach or exceed
2284: This function extracts the energy units from an inputted value and returns it as per requirement in terms of power consumption or heat transfer efficiency, depending on whether unit is Watts/(m*kg),
2285: A function that expands the coordinates of an object in space by one unit along each axis, and returns two lists with these new values . The first list contains [(x + ∞), C
2286: A function that calculates the maximum decrease in parts between two sets of hobby objects. If there are no more available pieces to create, it returns zero instead negative numbers which means we can't
2287: get media resource image path.  Returns the full filename of an embedded or external, local .png/.jpg/gif images in your application's resources folder as per its name and extension (.ext
2288: Convert the given number of microseconds to seconds and miliSeconds. The result is displayed in format 'minutes : Second . Millisec' if less than one sec then add leading zero
2289: Returns all instances of cloud object storage.  [...]'s the function that returns only those resources which have id equal to '(eql :google/compute#instance).'.[..]
2290: A function that calculates the ratio of two numbers and returns them as one number. If they are equal, it will return "Na" or an empty list in case there is no difference between values
2291: A function to calculate the curve of filmc based on input value 'x'. The formula is derived from some known values and used in calculating other functions like filmr, etc.." ---
2292: This function calculates the decay rate of an IRB to gate error. It takes three parameters - 'IR's Decy and Gate Error, which are used as input in calculating decays;
2293: Defines the Coq parameter.  Syntax is `( coq param <name> <type> )` .'   '    e g., it defines an integer as input and output parameters in function
2294: Calculates the percentage of CPU time used by process. It takes into account user and system times, as well an optional 'start' parameter to calculate from when it was started in order not just since
2295: A function that converts the given value to zero based on its level or degree.  The conversion is done by mapping each range into an integer from '(<= ^)' and then converting it
2296: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on parameters given in input, which is to be used as part or all other functions' inputs and outputs by others .   [...]"
2297: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns the same list but with each string reversed.  If it encounters empty elements, they are ignored .   The output is also returned as
2298: A recursive function that repeats an element. The number of repetitions is specified by the second argument, and it appends to another list as each iteration until zero iterations are made."
2299: This function converts the given covariance type to its equivalent in Hierarchical Covariance Modeling.  If it's not recognized, returns original input as is .   Input : A
2300: A function that builds controlllers from the given definitions.  The definition of each controler is represented as an element in list format where first item represents name and second one represent its functionality . e
2301: Returns the weight of swimmer in kg based on their speed and height . The function takes as input an integer representing swimer's age, returns float value indicating its maximum possible body mass index(
2302: Format the given string to remove unnecessary characters.  This is useful when defining functions or procedures in Scheme syntax, where it's common not only with strings but also newlines and quotes around parameters
2303: Clean the input string by removing leading dots. If it is not already clean, remove trailing dot if present and convert to lowercase otherwise.";   }"}}}}}' . '{"@
2304: Calculates the mean of numbers in list.  Code is written to calculate and return average value from given number sequence .  	    		   	   			     									      	 	       	     	.
2305: Checks if the input is zero. If yes, returns 'true', otherwise it will return "false". This function checks whether or not an integer value has been given as its argument and determines either
2306: A function to calculate the score of matching two strings. The scoring scheme is based on common prefixes and suffix matches, with each additional character in one string being worth more than another by an extra point
2307: A function that takes an input number and returns the gamma encoded version of it, which is equivalent to raising its value by half."   [END] ---[START][CODE](#code)[
2308: Generates SQL INSERT statement. 		   .'    '..'./'' ''.' './. /...//./ .. // .../// ......... -> inserting data to the database using
2309: A function to return the default user agent string with given prefix and suffix  .'s"   "."))))))."./") ) ;; /usr/.local/".."/libexec
2310: Convert complexities to log scale in the form of fft, . and params –> logs or parameters depending on whether it is an input parameter(s).'   [END] Code Summary
2311: This function converts the value of an integer to its equivalent range in slots.  It takes two parameters, 'start' and end values which are used as offsets from original number . The output
2312: Returns the weight of an object in its config dictionary. If not present, returns zero."} {#f #(1 . "Returns whether or no it is possible to get more than
2313: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of ':') .'s in python and it
2314: Creates and returns an object with the given parameters. The format of project is defined by its ID, Name(extended), Extendable id , Team Id & Provider's unique identifier
2315: Returns the fraction of how far from center an element is in relation to its parent. 0 means it's at or above middle, .167 would be one quarter away etc.."
2316: A function that processes GLSL templates. It loops through the list of color names and replaces them with their corresponding RGB values in an HTML string formatting context, if they exist as defined by '
2317: This function checks if values in tensors are equal or greater than one. If they aren't it raises an error message stating that their sizes don’nt align with each other and also states what
2318: Creates an identifier string from resource name, number and type.  For example 'res10' or something similar depending on the input parameters .   It is used to generate unique identifiers in
2319: A function to rename the elements of an array based on their charges. If it's zero, just returns its name; if positive then append " + "; else prepend "- ". The absolute
2320: A function that clips two rectangular regions. It returns #false if the clipping is not possible, otherwise it gives coordinates and dimensions of intersection rectangle in form [X Y W H]. The X
2321: Finds the maximum of minimum values in list.  It is used to find peak time period from given data points .   "m" represents input sequence or array." ( ptp [1
2322: This function returns the smallest dimension in an inputted array of dimensions.  It uses '<' to sort and compare elements, then takes out only first element from resultant sequence which is actually our
2323: This function converts JACCARD similarity to DICE coefficient. It's the inverse of dice coeff, which is used in medical image segmentation tasks where we want our model’to predict
2324: Merge all the strings in an array into one.  The result is then converted to lowercase and returned as output of function mergeToStrings .  	Input : Array with multiple Strigs
2325: This function calculates the heat flux in watts per square meter given an amount of sensibly heated area and its density, which is assumed to be kg m^−3 .'s"
2326: Calculates the pooling probability of two samples with equal numbers in each sample.  The formula is derived from Bayes' theorem and assumes that both events are independent, which may not be true if
2327: Checks if two points are adjacent to each other within the given position wiggliness.  If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned .   The function takes in parameters
2328: A function to get the weights of different types views. It takes an object and returns its corresponding value from our predefined list, if it exists in that case otherwise return zero . The values are
2329: Calculates the bandwidth of an ERB signal in dB/Hz based on frequency response curve data from FCC's ETSI EN Standard A310 and BIS Technical Specification TS
2330: This function calculates the amount of money to be transferred from account 'a' in relation with another accounts balance. The calculation is based on relative weight and fee per transaction." --->(
2331: A function to compute the tangent of an angle in radians.  The input is assumed as Cosine value and output will be Tangents Value .'s" (code):
2332: Finds the first file in list that contains string. If no such files exist, returns null object of type 'null'.  	     .   		     			      										.
2333: Checks if the input is 'y' or yes.  Returns #true in case of y/Y, otherwise returns false .   Code snippet used to check whether user wants continue with
2334: This function takes in an array of volumes and reorders them by the first element. It does so using list comprehension to iteratively select each volume from its original order, then appends it into
2335: Returns the href attribute of an object.  If it is not defined, returns #f .   This function will be used to generate class names in HTML and CSS files by replacing dots with undersco
2336: A function that returns the highest and lowest peaks in an array of numbers. It uses recursion to iteratively check each number, if it is higher or lower than its previous value then we add/
2337: Convert an object to list. If the input is not of type 'List', convert it into one by wrapping in parentheses and appending .  Ex.: if you call `(to
2338: A recursive function to solve the knapSACK problem. It takes two parameters, 'CAPACITY' and an ITEM list which contains pairs of values representing weight & value respectively .
2339: Returns the value of 'parameter' in config or returns its own defaults if not found.  It is used to get configuration parameters from an installation .cfg file and also allows setting up some initial values
2340: A function that clamps the input to be within specific range. If it's less than min, return minimum value; if greater then max and vice versa."   .    Code is used
2341: Convert an array of strings to numbers. 1st level map function converts each element in the list into its numeric equivalent, and then second maps over that resultant sublist with another l
2342: A function to generate the list of gifts given by counting from one. It starts with 'number' and returns all gift names upto that point, separated using commas . e.. gifting numbers
2343: A function that calculates the product of all numbers except itself in an array.  It uses recursion to calculate each number' s multiplied by every other digit, and then returns it as one
2344: Convert configuration to E.SPEI format using DFTTK's internal function map and if statement, which converts each element of the list into upper case letters."   [END]
2345: Convert all strings in the list to floats.  If any of them cannot be converted, return an error message stating that it is not possible and skips over those elements which can't convert
2346: Checks if the given list of directories contain all necessary files.  If not, it returns #false; otherwise return true .   "exes", and configs are mandatory in every directory."
2347: Checks if the input is an SA ID number. It should be exactly ten digits long and can start with zero or one digit, but cannot contain any other characters than numbers from '0'
2348: Checks if the line of text has numbers in ascending order. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message "Error". It checks each character to see whether its value should be
2349: Checks if the given input is an integer.  If it's scalar, then returns true; otherwise false." (code/plain "Chekcs whether or not provided argument can
2350: Checks if an identifier is exportable. If the first character of its name equals '_', it's considered as not being in scope and thus, unavailable to be used outside current module or
2351: Calculates the number of bits in RSA keys. This function is used to determine how many bytes are required per key size when generating an encryption algorithm using these sizes as parameters."   [...]"
2352: Normalises the service names. – Replaces hyphens and underscores with spaces, downcases all characters in string .   -> ___ normalize___ svc nam e____
2353: A function to calculate the hour rate of an employee. The input is total hours worked and number or minutes in cycles, returns average daily wage per hire."  	     . "(cycle)"
2354: A function that expands an array by multiplying each element with the given factor.  The result is then reduced to one value using map and lambda functions in python .  10/3
2355: A function that takes in comma separated string and returns list of keyword value pairs. If the input is not valid, it will return an empty List."   }]],[{	"Input": ["
2356: A function that performs division of two numbers. If the second number is not positive, it will perform floor and ceiling operations on both operands respectively before performing actual operation; if first or either one are
2357: A function that converts string to safe format. It replaces non alphanumeric characters with question marks (?). If the input is not valid, it returns an empty list; otherwise return as
2358: Converts Julian day to Modified Julain date format – the number of days since January,  1st , year given by JD . The conversion is based on an approximation from
2359: Calculates the score of solution. The function takes three parameters - two numbers and one number as input, then calcula...' . $3$ '(kB), floor division by "K
2360: Returns the name of an input file or URL. If it is sha1 hash, removes its prefix and returns only filename without extension .  For example , if url = 'http://example/image
2361: A function to map the given 'Severity' into its corresponding numeric value. 0 is considered as no priority and higher numbers are more important." --->(defun sh
2362: Scales the input by multiplying it with given scale. – Code explanation and usage example .   -> scaled_signal = sc(input,scale).py --> 10% of
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. 10% more or less than their average value is considered as an increase, decrease and equal to zero respectively .   [END] Code snip
2364: A function that sums the products of two numbers from three different lists if their sum is less than or equal to '2' times another number. If not, it returns '-1'. The input list
2365: A function to convert string into file name format by replacing special characters with underscores or dots, and removing spaces in between them .  For example "Hello World" would be converted as "_hello
2366: A function that takes in an argument and checks if it is either of type 'string' or ‘symbol’. If the input matches one, then formatting will be applied to return output as
2367: Convert Height from feet and inch to centimeter using the conversion factor of one Foot = 76 cm, One Inch = .9 Centimeters; The input is in format "feet
2368: A function that returns the name of month given its number and an argument. If invalid, it will return 'invalid' + validated input as string . e..g., if you call `((
2369: Calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers. The input is an ordered pair, and output will be one number that represents average value between these inputs."
2370: A function to calculate the repetition time of an object in milliseconds based on its size and density, with optional parameters specifying number or type/shape(e)." --->
2371: Flatens the list by recursively calling itself on each element of it. If an item is not another List, then return that Item as Is and if It's Another Type Then Return That As
2372: A function that maps the first and second elements of each pair in an input list to create new pairs. If index is even, it takes only one element from original set; if odd - two .
2373: Creates an integer that is the positive version of input. If it's negative, then adds length to make its absolute value nonnegative and returns as result." Code snippet
2374: Checks if the set of elements in 'app' is subset or equal to those found within another collection.  If it finds any difference, returns false; otherwise true .   "    ". This
2375: A recursive function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The base case is when the input number 'i' becomes less than or equal one, in which it simply converts and returns that
2376: Checks if two domains are equal.  It does so by comparing the lowercased version of both strings, appended with '.' and then compared to see they're equivalent in terms structure
2377: Returns the size of top 'K' largest elements in list.  Code is written to handle large lists efficiently and quickly by using recursion with an iterative approach, which makes it more efficient than
2378: This function takes in one argument, which is presumably the name of an external module. It returns that same string if it's already been converted to symbol form; otherwise ,it converts its
2379: A recursive function to compute the integer square root. It uses an iterative method of successively halving and checking if it's close enough, until its precision is reached or not possible anymore
2380: Checks if all characters in the string are unique. 1 line solution using list comprehension and builtin functions." Code is to check whether or not there's any duplicate character
2381: A function that sends an email to the recipient with information about what is happening.  It also includes some text indicating it's trying again later if possible, and then finally fails over in case of
2382: A function to calculate the area of triangle. Input is two parameters - 'base' and	'height'. Returns result as an integer or float value."
2383: Returns the year from date string. If not found, returns nil; else return it as integer value of that particular day in given month and Year .  10/3rd line is missing but
2384: Checks if the given object is scalar.  Scalars are numbers, strings and bytes that do not have any sequence or input/ output ports attached to them in Clojure language .
2385: This function takes in the name of an image and returns its id. If it is not .jpeg, then return original filename as string else extracts only ID from jpg extension using subtring
2386: Finds the position of an element in vector. If not found, returns (-).   .:: Code :: findLower(x ,vec ) = {..} ;; Returns index if 'X
2387: Convert degrees to gradian. Code snippet that converts the given number of degree into radiant conversion factor, which is used in trigonometric functions and calculations involving angles." ---
2388: Remove all keys that are not symbols.  This is useful when you want to remove data from the dictionary, but only if it's actually there and isn’t just some random string or number
2389: A function to convert an IP address into its integer representation.  The input is expected in binary format, and the output will be returned as string with dot separated values of each byte's value .
2390: Convert the given routes into an array of strings.  Each element is either name or dict object with .value set to its corresponding path segment, and each dictionary represents one step on our journey from start
2391: A function that returns the separators used in CSV files.  It takes one argument, which is either 'comma',	'tab' or any other string representing different types of delimiters
2392: Generates an URL from the given file system paths, replacing slashes with hyphens and adding .html to it if not already present in url formatting function 1043678
2393: Predicts the accuracy of predictions. If both lists are empty, returns zero as there is no prediction to compare with actual values; if one list or more than two elements in either/both input
2394: A recursive function that finds all occurrences of sublists in one list. It checks each element against another, if they match it is added into an accumulated result and checked with next elements
2395: Generates HOG IDs. The number of digits in the id is fixed to be seven, and if familyID < 1e4 then it will add leading zeros until length reaches
2396: Checks if the given object is an arbore.  It's assumed that it has 'region', and neurites, as well possibly some neurological pits or other biological
2397: Checks if the given list of playing hands has any pair. If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no pairs in all suits present on your tableau and therefore you
2398: Checks if the temperature is within range.  If it's below or above certain percentage of threshhold, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test your
2399: A linear interpolation function.  It takes four parameters, two of which are the coordinates on one line and another is used to determine where along that segment we want an output value at given input point
2400: Check if the given path contains data, sim or real part.  If so returns true else false .   Code checks whether it's train/ test / simulation and also check its presence in '
2401: Check if two spans are equal.  If they do not match exactly then return false otherwise true . ...]]))))."}}]}],[...]}]}]. "}}}), and the
2402: This function filters out empty values from the given dictionary.  It does so by iterating over each key in dict and removing it if its value is null or undefined, then returning resulting object with filtered
2403: Calculates the total intake of calories based on BMR and an inputted level/activity factor .   [...]'s in one line, with no more than two sentences or full stop at
2404: A function that raises an exception if its argument is equal to the number 'arg'. If not, it simply returns itself. The purpose of such functions are often used as placeholders in tests or debug
2405: Returns the given identifier joined with its corresponding namespaces.  If no specific or default Namespace is provided, it returns just an Identifier as string .  	If there's any other type
2406: A function that removes the .sty extension from filenames.  It's used to clean up file names before they are processed by other functions in your program, such as when saving files
2407: A function that partitions the given list into 'v' equal parts. Each part is represented as an array of numbers in ascending order, and each element within these arrays corresponds to one number from original
2408: Returns the list of files that are not in 'allfiles' but still need to be transferred.  It uses recursion and member function from Scheme language." Code is used by
2409: Checks if the tree is balanced. A binary trees are considered to be "Balance" when each level of depth has only one element difference from its sibling, and returns true or false accordingly
2410: Finds the peak in an array. If there is no maximum, it returns false; otherwise return that value." Code snippet to test your function with some examples and explain what
2411: A function to create hash value from string. It uses recursion and the principle of division method, which is used in creating an integer that can be hashed into another object or data structure with high
2412: A function that takes three arguments and returns the result of adding two multiplied by one less than third.  The multiplication is done with addition, then added to first argument which gives us final output .
2413: Returns the type of schema property.  If it's list and contains 'NULL', then returns its parent element, else return itself as is .  1st line -> Code to get Type
2414: A function that creates an equation line.  It takes three parameters, multiplies the first two and adds them together with third parameter as bias to create y value of new point on graph .   "
2415: A recursive function to count the number of ways change can be made. It uses dynamic programming approach by storing intermediate results in an array, thus avoiding redundant computation and improving efficiency over naïve
2416: A function that creates an empty string of dashes.  It takes one argument, the length to be created and returns it as dash strings with equal number in each position .   The result is then
2417: This function takes in an ordered tuple span and returns the same input if it is not disjoint. If there are multiple tuples with equal first elements, then remove all but one of them to ensure
2418: A function that returns the correct form of an English word based on its number. If it's not one or minus, then return as is else change to plurality .   [easy
2419: Checks if the input string is blank. 1/3 of total lines are used to check whether or not an empty line exists in file, and another third checks that there's no whites
2420: Update the dictionary 'b' in place with values from another.  The keys of both dictionaries are used to update each other, and only if they exist on one side or not at all will
2421: Returns the pair of elements with highest priority.  Code is used to add one more element in list and return it alongwith its original value as result .   "LASSOC" means Largest
2422: A function that takes two cards and returns their joint representation.  It uses the format string to combine them into one line of text."   [END]'s answer is correct, but it seems
2423: Returns the type of edit needed to change one string into another. If they are identical, returns 'Identity'. Otherwise if their lowercased versions match each other return's ‘Lower’ else
2424: Checks if the given value is function. 1/3 of total lines, uses only one line to check whether or not it's an lambda expression in case where input isn’t
2425: Returns the parameters of an efficientNet variant with given name, or null if not found."  	;commented by me to explain what it does and why we need such function in our project .
2426: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization, reducing the number of calculations by storing previously calculated results in an array or hash table which is used as cache when needed again later
2427: Converts an unsigned int to bytes. The input is two parameters, first one being number of bits in each part which should be converted from decimal representation into binary form then second parameter will indicate how
2428: Generates the normalized name of an element with its tag and score.  The methods stack is also included in normalization process as it can be useful to keep track on how changes were made during processing or
2429: Generates the output subfolders based on input parameters.  It is used to organize files into different folders according their content and usage patterns .   The folder names are generated from given inputs, which
2430: Returns the list of discard segments in terms that are applicable to given parameters. If it is not valid then returns an empty array . The function takes three arguments - Year , State and County f
2431: A function that generates the first n FIBONACCI numbers as strings. The base cases are defined to be 'n' is zero or one, respectively returning their respective string representations in such case
2432: A recursive function to segment temporal data. It takes in two parameters, the list of time points and an integer representing minimum duration between each segmentation point; it returns all possible combinations that can be made
2433: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence at given index. The first two numbers in fibonacci are always zero and one respectively, then it calculates each subsequent number by adding
2434: Replace the timezone of UTC by its equivalent in local. If it's less than or equal to -4, return as is; if greater then convert into +X hour and Y minute
2435: This function maps the input value from one range to another. It's used when you want your programmers/users not only know what they are doing, but also understand how their inputs map into
2436: Clean the file name by removing .CSV extension.   Code snippet to clean up filenames in csv format using python's builtin string methods and list comprehension, if
2437: Checks if the given number is binary palindromic. A sequence of digits in base two that reads same backward as forward, ie., it's both even and odd length but
2438: Break the input string into separate word list.  This is done by splitting on spaces, returning each individual segment as an element of another sequence type in Scheme/Racket language .
2439: A function that adds sign to the given integer. If it's positive, returns ' + ', otherwise return '' .   Code is used in other functions like add , subtract etc..    It
2440: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit. Code is provided in Python, but can be translated here as well if needed." (defun farenheight tm
2441: This function calculates the pump time in minutes.  It takes two parameters - 'Duration' and an optional parameter called "Bias". If no Bias is provided, it defaults to zero but
2442: A function to remove leading and trailing spaces from string.  It uses the built in '(remove/delete ...)' method of strings."  	     . "    Code:" )" trim
2443: Calculates the horizontal speed of an object given its initial position and final destination in meters per second, assuming constant acceleration due to gravity .  1 hour = ~= 847 m/s^
2444: This function checks if the given 'distance' is greater than or equal to our current viewing range. If it isn’t, we display its value and return false; otherwise true . It also displays
2445: Returns the conjugation of two complex numbers.  The result is another number that represents one halfway point between inputted values in terms as real and imaginary parts respectively, with an additional 'w'
2446: Flatens the given list of term objects. If any element is not an object or if it's dictionary, then simply returns that value as its own result; otherwise recursively calls itself on each
2447: A tail recursive function to add two numbers. It uses the principle of adding one number by itself until it reaches zero, then returns that summed value back upwards in reverse order as if we
2448: Returns the canonical name of an Entity. If it is one among all users, 'All Users', if authenticates user then returns its own username else return prefixes append with rest part .
2449: Checks if the input is 'YES' or yes.  If not, it returns false and otherwise true .   Code snippet to be used in other parts of your program that require
2450: Creates an affine transformation matrix.  The parameters are the upper left x, y coordinates of where to place it on screen and its resolution in pixels per unit .   It creates list [upper
2451: Returns the last letter of input string. Code snippet to find out if two strings are anagrams or not, and also returns their common letters in case they're both valid English word
2452: Checks if the given object is an SARIF report.  It checks whether it has $scheam key with value containing 'SARIf' and also verifies its version."   .
2453: A function to check if the bit at given position is set in binary representation of number. If yes, return true else false .
2454: Calculates and returns an array of two elements that represent minimum & maximum indices within which we should look at downloading data from given url(s). If any parameter passed are out or wrong then it will
2455: Returns the list of verbs as text.  The result is separated by spaces and joined into one string with no space before or after each word except at start/end, which makes it easier to read
2456: A function to get the URL of an NHL Player's profile from their unique id in API endpoint .  '(http//www..net...'.co…m/)’"   )
2457: Create an Event Message. – A function that creates and returns the message to be sent in response of user interaction with system or application .   -->    eve := createEventMessage(
2458: Duplicates the elements in an inputted List.  The function takes as its parameter, one element from any kind(s), and returns another instance with duplicated values which are obtained by append
2459: Fixes the drum hit sounds in Taikō no Tatakae by adding one to each note. This function takes two arguments, 'ticks' and	'HITSOUNDS',
2460: A function that returns the name of an employee's supervisor. If no such information is available, it will return NULL or 'NONE'. The input to be passed should always have exactly two
2461: Checks if the given string is an URL.  It uses regex to match against common patterns of urls in text files or strings passed into it as arguments .  1/0 -> boolean
2462: Finds the first occurrence of an element in list. If not found, returns -ve number indicating no such elements exist . It is used to find out if any given string starts with certain other strings
2463: Validates if the input is of type 'List'. If not, it throws an error.  "option": name given to variable holding parameter;	"Value” : Value that needs validation." .
2464: A function to interpolation between two values, given the value of time 't' and limits at both ends ('a', ‘b’). If T is within range [A; B],
2465: This function returns the length of one or more consecutive sequences in which all characters are identical. If there is no such sequence, it will return zero."   }]], "code": [{}]
2466: A function to create URLs from flairs.  If the input is already an url, it returns as such otherwise appending 'http:/' before adding text."  ```    . ```
2467: Checks if the given object is an operator. The arity of operators are either zero, one or two arguments and they have to be less than ten thousand times their own magnitude in absolute difference with
2468: This function calculates the Bernstein basis functions and their derivatives. The parameters are length, degree(dof), inner product factor,(innerproductfactor). It returns list with coefficients in ascending order
2469: A function to calculate the Mahalaniabos distance between two sets of data points, using Hubert's formula or another similar method if necessary."  	     .    "The input parameters
2470: Returns the list of values corresponding to given 'keys' in each tuple from inputted "items". If any value is null, it will be filtered out.   .eox; }})"
2471: Generates the URL of BiocBuilds data experiment tarball from given parameters – Package name, version and BioC Version."   .    Code snippet to generate url :(generate
2472: A function to check if all characters in the input are unique. It does so by iterating over each character of an initial empty list, and checking whether it is already present or not using member().
2473: Returns the name of lambda scheduler event function.  The string is appended with - and '-' to form "stacknmae"-"lambdasched-"+"'s
2474: Finds the smallest value in an array. It uses list comprehension to iteratively compare each element with current minimum and update if necessary, thus finding out minimal number from given sequence of numbers .
2475: A function to calculate the Catmul–Rom spline interpolation at one point with four points given as input parameters, using cubic polynomials in between each segment of control polygon and linear extrap
2476: Processes the data in an array of images and returns only their URLs, ID'S , names & texts .   [END] Code Summary :( )" } ]}],[{
2477: Parses the given list of results and returns them as strings.  If no result is found, it will return an empty array or '()'.  	;Type : function -> [
2478: This function checks if the given constraints are met. If they're not, it returns an appropriate value based on whether or no there is any violation of these conditions in terms permissible velocity and angle
2479: A function that takes two arguments, performs division and returns the result.  Code is divided by given 'Divisior'.   .eox" -> "A divide operation on input values."
2480: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and returns its area.  It calculates it by subtracting x1, y1 from both sides of each edge to get width then multiplying
2481: Computes the F measure of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero it returns zeros otherwise computs as per formula provided in paper "F score
2482: This program prints the command line arguments it was called with. It's very simple and doesn’t do anything useful, but serves as an example of how to write such programs in Scheme programming
2483: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were replaced with underscores.  It is used to clean up text data before processing it further by removing extra whitespace
2484: Checks if the given string is empty or null. 1/3 of lines are considered as voids in some contexts, such like when parsing configuration files where certain sections may not exist yet
2485: Checks if the given number '(parameter name)' represents an annual leap second. A "Leaf" or Lean Year, also known as Gregorian calendar's special type of years
2486: Checks if two numbers are almost equal within given number of decimal points. If they're close enough, it returns true; otherwise false is returned."  	     . "Cheks whether the
2487: Convert the given name to an implementation file/directory.  If it's not string, just return as is; if yes then replace all hyphens with underscores and add .c/.
2488: Normalizes the starting point of an array. If no dimension size is provided, it returns zero if negative or less than -d and modulus otherwise." --->(def normalizest
2489: A function that ignores certain types of filenames.  It takes in two parameters, the list to be filtered and an optional string parameter indicating what type(s)/name pattern should not match
2490: A function that generates an array of numbers from the input list, then finds and returns first repeating number in it. If there is no such element - return '() . The time complexity depends on length
2491: Map HTTP status codes to their corresponding category. This function maps the given integer parameter 'http' into one of three categories - INFO, SUCCESS or REDIRECT based on its value
2492: A function that returns the name of an actor or actress based on its role in movie.  It takes two parameters, 'actor' and either character from one line film scene as input . If
2493: A function to return the number of items in an input list. If it's one, returns 'one'. Otherwise concatenates with word count and adds suffixes like -element or .items etc
2494: Encodes the input sequence using given symbol set. The length of output is equal to that in original string, but with each character replaced by corresponding one from provided list/symbolset . If no such
2495: Checks if the given input is an NDS service.  It checks whether it starts with "https://". If so, returns true; otherwise false .'  	|} ]]])
2496: Checks if the input is either an integer or float. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .  Code checks whether given argument can be converted to number and also check its
2497: Checks if the given input is an ASCII channel symbol. Returns true or false accordingly .   [1pt] (check out your function with some test cases to make sure it works as
2498: A function that calculates the taxicab distance between two points. It uses absolute values and subtraction to calculate distances, then sums them up using apply+ map . The result is returned as an
2499: Calculates the percentage of assembly length. 10% is considered as one unit in Assembly language programming, and it's used to calculate how much memory space an instruction takes up on your computer
2500: This program takes an alphanumerical character sequence and returns the same but with all non numerics removed. It uses recursion to solve it, by checking each char in turn if its digit or
2501: A function that takes an input 'u' and returns the result of multiplying it by ten, subtracting two from one halfway through its computation to give us some sorting order in terms on
2502: A function that takes in list of scores and returns the same score with +1 or -0.7 if they are above average, else return them as is . The map applies to each element on
2503: Checks if all the given identifier keys are present in data points. If yes, returns true; otherwise false  .   [END] Code:.    "". """)"",,,,"""
2504: Returns the resized size of an image.  Inputs are original and desired sizes, outputs is new dimensions after resize."' | tr -d '\n')"\""}], "return
2505: A function that returns the argument list type.  It takes an arbitrary number of arguments and return them as one line string separated by commas . e..g argListType('a',1,
2506: A function that multiplies the input by sixteen. This is an example of using recursion to solve problems in programming languages like Python or JavaScript, but it's not as straightforward with other types
2507: Removes namespace from the given string. If it starts with '{', removes everything after that till next whitespace or end of line is found, else returns original input as there's no names
2508: Returns true if the given integer is leap, false otherwise. A common extension of years that are divisible by four but not both one and ten zeroes remain evenly divided into their cycles or periods
2509: Convert the given symbolic representation of memory to its human readable form. (defsym . -> b ss )  => BSS segment, or convert it into an executable object file (.
2510: Check if there are any files that aren't being track by git.   .e..g :(git status --porcelain). Returns true or false based on the presence of non-.
2511: A function that finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers using iteratively. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find gcd(x,y). The process is repeated until remainder becomes
2512: A function to search an element in the given sorted, rotated array. The input is two parameters - 'array' and "target". It returns true if found else false."   }}}}}}
2513: Code to subtract two lists of numbers. If the input is not valid it will throw an error message stating that they must be pairs ordered and have same length . The result would also return as pair
2514: Calculates the time and pressure at any given point in space using an equation derived from atmospheric drag calculations, based on altitude above sea level or below ground surface . (code): ) ;
2515: Filter list by string or vector containing the specified subdomains. If no match is found, returns #F; otherwise return matching elements in filtered form of input sequence." --->(def
2516: Creates an empty grid of size "n" x "".". The elements in the array are filled with nil values, representing no value or absence at that location.""" . ```python`(
2517: Counts the number of distinct prime sequences that can be formed from given numbers. The sequence is considered to start with one or more primes and end in another, but not necessarily both are unique .
2518: A function that takes in an array of tuples and returns the same structure, but with all dashes replaced by nothing.  It also replaces parentheses around each tuple element to be
2519: A function that creates list from string. It takes in one argument, the inputted 'srt'ing value and returns its corresponding word/character separated lists of strings as output if it is not
2520: A recursive function that calculates the sum of squares. It flips between two numbers and then sums up their square values in reverse order, starting from one number to another until it reaches zero or
2521: A function that returns the date in ISO format.  The input is three numbers representing years, weeks and days respectively .   It's used to convert dates between different formats or systems like calendar system
2522: Removes leading zeros from the string. If there are no such characters, returns original input as it is" . "\n")) ) ;; end of define function removeLeadingZeross
2523: A function that appends zero to the left of numbers less than ten. For example, if you call it with '3', then return as output should be '"4".' If called on any
2524: Checks if the first argument is prefix of second.  It uses recursion to check each character in both strings until it finds mismatch or reaches end with one string being longer than other, then
2525: A recursive function to generate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when N <= 1, in which it returns an initial list containing 'n' and its predecessor as elements
2526: Normalizes the slot names in an object.  If it's not string, then just return original value; if contains space -> convert to lower case and replace spaces with underscores ;
2527: Removes parentheses from the end of each list element in input.  If there is no closing bracket, it leaves as empty string or returns original value if not equal to ")".
2528: A function that multiplies two quaternions. It takes in the coefficients of each pair and returns their product as another four element list, which is also called 'quat'. The multiplication rule used
2529: A function to calculate the monthly payment of an annualized mortgage. The formula used is based on compound Interest and simple Loan Calculation, with each month's repayment being calculated separately using
2530: A function to generate the first n numbers in FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an integer representing how many terms you want from fibo series, and it returns list of that number'
2531: Convert inches to millimeters using the conversion factor of .031876 mm/inch   Code is used in converting from Inches into Millimeter(s).    The function takes
2532: Returns the brightness of an RGB color. The formula used is based on standard human perception, where white has maximum intensity and black minimum .  10% less than red , blue or green respectively to
2533: Retrieves the task id from either message's 'header or its own payload.  If neither is present, it returns nil .   Code length :10 lines    Author of original script
2534: A recursive function that calculates the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as either returning zero or one, and then it adds up two previous numbers in case of positive number
2535: Convert string to list of ASCII values. 1st character is at the beginning, last one in end and each subsequent characters are mapped from their respective ascii value . e..g "
2536: Adds an element to the list if it' not already there.  Returns updated version of deparmentalization lis t .   It is used in creating department tree structure and checking whether
2537: Computes the deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit and detects whether they are within or outside given limits based on their distance from each other, considering an error margin as being equal if both
2538: Checks if the given workspace id is in list of namespaces. If yes, returns true else false .   "    }"}}}}}'     }}".equals(this);}catch
2539: Removes duplicated elements from the list.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists and keeps track of seen items in "seen" set, thus avoiding duplicate entries when dealing with deeply embedded data
2540: A function to rotate the bits of an integer type. The rotation is done right, ie., it shifts all bit positions one place towards left and fills in from 0s at high end if
2541: A list containing the US territories and their respective codes.  The first element is an abbreviation, second one represents its full name in English .   This data structure can be used to quickly lookup
2542: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns the concatenated version.  It also adds newline character at end to separate each line from next one .   "(f)" is input
2543: Creates an equivalent of the pad function in Scheme. It takes two lists as arguments, and returns another list with each element being padded by one unit on either side from its original value according
2544: Sorts the given list of location names in lexicographical order.  It uses string comparison to determine which name comes first when sorted alphabetically, and then by length if necessary."
2545: Computes the depth of quadratic curves in 3D space. The function takes two points as input and computs their intersection with an ellipse, which is represented by ax^4 +bx
2546: Returns "W", if the given number is less than zero, returns 'O', otherwise it will return an empty string. If not negative but greater or equal to -63 then function should also
2547: A recursive function to multiplying two numbers. It uses the concept of addition and subtraction in order not only handle zero but also negative values as well .   [...]    "(x,
2548: Returns the minimum of two numbers. If one or both are not provided, it defaults to 'FallBack'.  Code snippet that finds out if there is an element in list and returns
2549: Look up the value in dictionary. If not found, return false or nil depending on what is provided as default argument to function lookup .  It checks if dict exists and returns its corresponding element else it
2550: Normalizes the input string by converting it to upper case and replacing all spaces with underscores.  This is useful when comparing strings in different contexts where whitespace may vary between them, such as
2551: Convert query parameters to integers. This function takes in the raw input from user and converts it into an array of integer values, which can be used further with other functions or calculations on these data types
2552: Converts locales to lower case or upper. If the string contains '-' it splits by hyphen and conversts language part into downcased form, then appended with '_
2553: A function to get the position of an element in list based on its value. If not found, returns false or nil; otherwise return index number .'   }]], "code": [{
2554: Calculates the height of binary tree.  It uses recursion to calculate depth from root downwards, returning maximum value at each level .   If no nodes present it returns zero as base case and
2555: Code to merge bins of distributions. It takes two parameters, the list 'distribution' and an integer "limit". The function merges these binaries until it reaches or exceeds given number.""")
2556: Checks if the input is of type list and has exactly two elements with values equal to (-1). If so, returns false; otherwise true. This function filters out lists that are not x only
2557: A binary search algorithm implementation. It takes in two parameters, an array of numbers and the number to be searched within that list/array."   }]], "code": [{"@language":"
2558: Checks if the difference between two grades is equal to their absolute value. If both are nonzero, returns true; otherwise false .  	    		    "Implemented in Python" -
2559: This function moves the point to left by one unit in Y direction. If it is at top, then returns #false . Otherwise , return list of X and decremented value(Y)."
2560: Checks if the given object supports standard output allocation.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false or throws an error with details about unsupporting parameters and types of objects that are not supported
2561: A function that returns the unique elements of an input list in stable order.  It uses member to check if each element is already present, thus avoiding duplicates and preserving stability when sorting or filtering
2562: A function that counts the number of unique word in given string.  It splits by spaces and returns count as result .
2563: Checks if the given value is NaN. If it's not, returns true; otherwise false or nil depending on whether its type and length are valid to be considered as "NaN".
2564: A recursive function that generates the sequence of numbers from one number to another, separated by some string.  For example whereToGo(3 ,7,".") would return "4..6"
2565: Generates member declarations from list of pairs.  Input is in the form ((name . type), ...).   Output will be string representation with each pair separated by semicolon and enclosed
2566: A function to convert between two ranges.  The conversion is linear, ie., the output remains within one range after scaling and shifting it by its own minimum values."  	Inputs are current
2567: Returns the union of two crops.  The result is represented as four numbers, which are minimum and maximum coordinates in X & Y directions respectively .   ;;"Crop" refers to an area defined
2568: Checks if list is sorted. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message indicating that the input was not an integer array/list of integers .   Code length : xxx lines
2569: A function that generates the list of elements in order from an input description.  The first element is at index zero, and each subsequent one increases by "1" step size until all descriptions are exhausted
2570: Convert PGN number to integer. If not valid, return zero; otherwise convert the string into an equivalent int value using lookup table of pgnums from given input and returns it as resultant output
2571: A function to map an input between two output values.  The mapping is linear and the range of inputs from low1 through high1 maps directly onto outputs at lower limits via upper limit, with no
2572: Checks if the given 'Domain' is in list of Valid Domain.  If it exists, returns #T else return F#F .   "Checking whether or not to proceed with
2573: Parses the input to extract all strings from it.  If an argument is not of type list or str, returns empty set .   "Pares out only those elements which are in String
2574: Extracting numerals from the input string. If no digit is found, returns zero; otherwise return extracted number as integer or float depending on presence of decimal point in original sentence and if all characters are
2575: Filter out the list of camera lists based on their length. If all strings are less than or equal to zero, return false; if any string is greater then returns true otherwise it will filter by third
2576: Normalizes the input to be between zero and one. If it is less than or equal, returns 'zero'. Else if greater then return normalized value of that number divided by maximum difference from minimum
2577: A function that takes in 4 numbers and returns the ratio of their corresponding elements. The result is returned as list with four values, each representing one number's value divided by fourth element from input
2578: A function that takes two arguments, an accumulator and the selection of data to be processed. If there is no selected item then it returns original value otherwise return result from applying given 'processor' on
2579: Checks if the point is an outer edge of any polygon.  If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .   It checks whether or no points are equal to each other in
2580: Generates the flip Angles of an object.  If Flipping is enabled then it returns flipped angles else return unknown .'s in case if no such information available."; }))})
2581: A function that returns the value associated with 'key' in given data structure. If not found, it will return false or nil depending on what is provided as default argument to get method of lists and
2582: A function that replacess all spaces in the inputted text with underscores.  It is used to convert any space separated strings into one single, unified line of characters which can be
2583: Removes all spaces from the inputted strings.  It splits by space and then joins them back together with no extra characters in between each word, thus removing any unnecessary white spacing that might
2584: Checks if the input string is of length exactly equal to 'n' characters. If not, returns #F otherwise return original value as it was in case no changes were made and thus returning same
2585: This function returns the type of maneuvering based on whether it is uni or bi.  It also checks if there's any manual control involved in determining which one to return.";
2586: A function that returns the day type based on input. It checks if it is Monday to Friday, Saturday or Sunday and converts other days into upper case letters." (defun test ()
2587: Calculates the mean of numbers in list.  Code is used to calculate average or central tendency value from numerical values stored as elements within an array, vector etc..   .    It's called
2588: This function renames all duplicate structure names in the given list. It uses recursion to traverse through each element of input and compares it with every other one, if they have same name then
2589: A function to extract the prefix from DOI. If input is not valid, it raises an exception with appropriate message .} }}}}}} }} )}. The result will always return one part of given
2590: This function takes in two lists, one of segments to split and another list that defines which parts should be ignored. It then revises the segment splitting based on whether or not they are within each other
2591: Generates all possible sequences of 'N' characters in the given string.  This is done by taking slices from input strings and storing them as sets to remove duplication, thus generating unique combinations/
2592: A function to set the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. The operation is performed using arithmetic shift and OR operations on bits within given integer value, where each rightmost digit
2593: Replace all occurrences of the given 'Token' with another subscripted value. If it is an escape sequence, then recursively process its content; if empty or not escaped - return
2594: Calculates the VIBI index based on NDVI and DBI.  The formula is derived from USGS standards, but it's not exactly what you might expect if your data set
2595: A recursive function to calculate the number of binary strings with alternating ones and zeros. The result is calculated using modular arithmetic, so it fits within an integer range specified by 'm'.
2596: This function takes in list of tuples and returns the inverse order.  For each tuple it creates new one with second element as first, third etc.. . It is used to reverse point sequence
2597: A function to get the schema of an item with its primitive and possible types, as well any number or list/array values that can be assigned based on other items' schemas in case they are
2598: This function takes two arguments, the number of output channels and an array containing counts. It returns another list with sizes corresponding to each channel in input groups." (#\newline #\) )
2599: Calculates the number of seconds in an object that represents time difference. If days, hours and minutes are provided then it returns how many whole second is there between two dates/times; if only micro
2600: Converts the given frequency to its imaginary part in permittivities of free space."   .    Code snippet is used when calculating impedance, which can help with understanding how much an
2601: A function to determine the number of days until next meal. The input is total mood level, and it returns an integer representing how many more meals are needed before reaching or surpassing target levels."
2602: Calculates the volume of an element with given dimensions.  The result is in cubic units."  	;(cubic unit)." . " ; cube root, or cubed by
2603: This function replaces the { $ origin } placeholder in given string with actual value of 'data' parameter. If no such place holder exists, it returns original input as is." (def
2604: Convert string to integer. If the input is not numerically representable, return 0; otherwise convert it into an int type and returns as result .   Code snippet : `(#
2605: A function to call robot's parts by their names. It splits the string representation of part name into segments and then calls corresponding segment in list returned from calling its parents . If it is not
2606: A function to get the slash colour based on log levels.  Returns either CRITICA, ERROR , WARNING or INFO depending upon input string . If no match found then it returns
2607: A function that separates the input string into chunks of size one hundred. It uses recursion to divide it up until there are no more characters left, then returns an empty list if all remaining
2608: This function takes two lists as input and returns the division of each element in first by corresponding elements from second.  If one or both inputs are not iterable, it raises an error message "Input
2609: A function to shift the positions of fragments in an array. It takes as input two parameters, one is used by other functions and another determines which part should be shifted; it also has some error checking
2610: A function to calculate the cost of electricity tariffs. It takes two arguments, KWH and HOUR which represent kilowatt hours used in an energy consumption period respectively."   .    [END
2611: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
2612: Generates the WKT representation of point with given coordinates.  The result is in EPSG Code Way around Europe/Berlin coordinate system which uses decimal degrees as unit and has SRID =
2613: A function that converts RGB values to hexadecimal. It takes three arguments, each representing the intensity of Red , Green and Blue color channels respectively . The result is returned as string in form
2614: A function to calculate the pochamner's constant. It is used in number theory and combinatorics, particularly when calculating binomial coefficients or generating certain types/classes numbers with specific
2615: Generates command to run the specified application with given parameters.  The result is stored in an environment variable named 'MR' which can be used by other scripts or programs that require it as input parameter
2616: A function to create an empty board of the given dimension. The first row is filled with vertical lines, and each subsequent line has one more horizontal bar than its previous column on top left side . For
2617: Returns the major version numbers from an array of strings.  The input is assumed to be in semver format, ie., '1', '.3' etc.. Output will also have no decimal
2618: Copies all keys and values from one dictionary to another.  It uses the inbuilt dict functions of Scheme language." (Copyright © by Nitish Kumar, All rights
2619: This function calculates the proportion of elements in 'my list' that are also present within another set. It does so by comparing each element from one collection with every other member, and counting how many
2620: Generates formatted string of label names.  If dictionary is provided, it will generate the list separated by commas and enclosed in parentheses with each key value pair wrapped inside quotes; otherwise
2621: A function that calculates the F measure of two sets, given their respective precisions and recalls . If either or both are zero it returns false otherwise true if they have at least one nonzero
2622: A function to calculate Body Mass Index based on given parameters(weight,length). The BMI is calculated as Weight/(Height* Height), where height in meters and we are assuming that the input
2623: Convert list of lists to flattened version.  For each element in the input, if it is not already an integer or float then convert into one by adding .0 at end and converting all
2624: Flatens the list of lists.  It uses recursion to flaten nested structures by checking if an element is pair or not, and then appends it with rest elements in case its part isn
2625: A function that returns the delta between two numbers. If they are equal, it will return one; otherwise zero."   .eol -> "A simple implementation of kth difference" }}}
2626: A function that calculates the delay time in seconds based on an inputted 'level'. The higher levels result more delays, but they also increase CPU usage and network traffic." . --->(
2627: Convert string to list. If the input is not of type 'String', return it as itself; otherwise, convert into List format using String's characters and store them in order they appear on screen
2628: A function to rotate the elements in an array. It takes as input one token and returns all of its rotations, starting from itself until it reaches back at first element . This is done by taking
2629: A function to remove duplicated packages from the list. It uses recursion and sets in order not duplicate entries within each package's dependencies, thus removing any redundancies that might cause conflicts during installation
2630: Returns the host name of given POD and NODE.  If no Pod is provided, it returns #F .  	If both are present then combines them with '-' as prefix to form
2631: A function to get the start activity's maximum possible duration.  It uses recursion and memoization in order not recomputing values that have already been computed before, thus saving computation time
2632: This function checks if the given file is licensed under MIT.  If it's not, then removes any header from that source to make sure we are using an open sourced software licence .
2633: This function checks if the input number is greaterthanthree. If it's bigger, then returns 'Biggest'. Otherwise ,if not return nothing . It also handles cases where numbers are less and
2634: This function returns the prime factors of an input integer. It uses recursion to find divisibility and is efficient with large inputs as it only checks up until square root, rather than checking all numbers
2635: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .1967 as given by US Surveyors' Bureau on Metric Units in Untitled - AUGUST,   ,
2636: Calculates the value of an integer sequence. The function takes three parameters - current level, initial number and term count respectively which determines how many terms in series to calculate . It uses recursion with mem
2637: This function takes in list of tuples where each tuple represents an individual's name and time, then returns the same data but grouped by their finishing times. It does so using map which
2638: A function that returns the quotients of two numbers. If second number is zero, it will return 0 as result to avoid division by Zero error in case if we try divide with denominator
2639: A function to calculate the area of rectangle.   [done] .    Code length :10 chars or less, including spaces and punctuation if any required by your language's syntax rules
2640: Checks if two operations are equal or possible to eliminate.  If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true."   .    Code is checking whether the given operation filters out less than
2641: Zip the contents of directory and its subdirectories.  The zip function is used to create an archive from these directories/filenames in .tar format."} {#lang racket
2642: Returns the dictionary from 'key' and its corresponding values in list of dictionaries that match with given input.  If no such pair is found, it returns an empty set .   Code snip
2643: Encodes the input string by shifting ASCII values of characters. The shift is done based on their position in alphabetical order, with 'a' being -3 and so forth up to z
2644: Calculates the electrochemical transport function of water at different temperatures and pressures using coefficients from Landes & Feind'scher, equation(S). The input is temperature in Kelvin
2645: Calculates the total number of cards in player's "hand". If card is face value, it adds its point. For example Ace = 1; Jack = J etc... . It also
2646: A recursive function that removes punctuation from the input string. It checks if an empty or single character is present, and then it calls itself on any remaining characters in order to remove them until no
2647: Flatens the input list of sentence into one long string. If an element is not in form as sentece, it will be ignored and appended to resultant output . The order remains same
2648: Remove the suffix from string set names. For example, "mySet" becomes just 'My'. This function is used to clean up user input and make it more readable or less cluttered
2649: A function that converts an IPv4 address to its equivalent in the form of IPV6. If it is already full, then returns as given; if not fully filled with zeros and no
2650: Calculates the product of elements at each index in two lists. The first list is used to calculate, and then it's multiplied with corresponding element from second one." Code sn
2651: A function to color the log levels. It takes in one argument, which is either 'DEBUG',	'ERROR' or any other string and returns HTML formatted text with appropriate CSS style applied based on that
2652: A function that takes two arguments, an integer and the divisor. It returns -1 if it is possible to negatively modify 'n' by using only positive numbers less or equal with respect of
2653: This function takes two numbers, 'length' and the number of elements in sequence. It returns an absolute difference between these values after scaling them to be within range [0..n]. The scale is
2654: Generates an empty list of keys.  This is used to create the initial state in keyed operations on lists and dictionaries, where each element corresponds with its index position within that structure's
2655: A function that calculates the Fractional Value of an Item. If it is not number, returns "none".   .   ```python ```ruby     def fxr(item); if
2656: Checks if the input is either an integer or float.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to test your function with some examples :(check
2657: In the given string, infer whether it is an Isotypic Gene. If true then return "Yes" else if false or not provided in input data set ,return 'No' . The
2658: Normalizes the input list of numbers. The function takes an array and returns its normalized version, where each value is between -∞(infinity), +∏ infinity). It uses absolute
2659: A function that doubles the input.   [a] is multiplied by two and returns it as output .[input x times]. For example, if you call `(double? '3
2660: Checks if the source and destination IP addresses of an incoming packet match those in its response.  If they do, it returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether
2661: A function that calculates the initial value of an object.  It takes two parameters, 'cm' and "vf", which are used to calculate it."   .    Code is divided into
2662: A function that implements the Rectified Linear Unit activation. It returns an output of one if input is less than or equal to zero, otherwise it outputs its own value as in RELUs
2663: Returns the argument of an XML style comments. If no arguments are present, it throws error message stating that 'no argumetn is provided'. Otherwise returns first element from list returned by string split
2664: A function to get day of Week from number.  It returns string representation . e..g., Monday, Tuesday etc...   and so on till Sunday in case input is not valid then it throws
2665: A function that calculates the derivative of d(t)/dt with respect to θ.  It's used in gradient descent optimization algorithms like Adam, RMSProp or SGD where we
2666: Calculates the perpetuation value of an investment.  Inputs are current price, risk and quantity to be purchased or sold at that time period; outputs is total cost including interest if no dividends
2667: Convert the input into an ordered list of elements. If it's not already in that form, convert each element within its parentheses and wrap them inside square brackets if they are lists or
2668: Checks if the input string is either an HTTP or HTTPS URL. Returns true/false accordingly based on whether it's one of these two types, otherwise false/.   Code length :
2669: A function to unwrapping the DOPPLER scalar from an input profile .   [END]'s name is given as _UNWRAP__DIPLERR___SCALAR
2670: Code to calculate the sum of all digits in binary representation. The function sol calculates recursively until it reaches base case, then backtracks and adds up corresponding values from bitwise operations on
2671: This function punishes the complexity of an input string. If it's not provided, returns its length; if less than or equal to zero then return that value as is because we can only have
2672: A function to check if the hv ac machine is on. Code checks whether or not there's an active connection with HVAC system in given 'state'. If yes, it returns true
2673: Calculates the determinant of 6D vector. The formula is derived from cross product and dot products in three dimensions." (check if it's possible to write down all permutations
2674: Check if the number of electrons in an atom is compatible with its neighbors. If so, return true; otherwise false or error message "Error". (defun checkCompatibleElectronsAtom
2675: This function calculates the score of silver serve in football. It takes two parameters, representing scores at different stages during match playoff and returns list with respective fractional part as well total number if both
2676: Normalizes the given number by adding half of it to itself and then rounding off with .round() method." (defun normalizecode)"Normalization function"   "Returns normalized
2677: Returns list of valid input tokens from the given set. Reserved Token is not included in output and token length should be less than or equal to maximum allowed by system/user defined limit .
2678: A function to generate hash value from the input. It uses recursion and modulo operation on each character of given strings in order not only hashing but also ensuring that it is unique across all possible
2679: A function to calculate the padding size needed in order not only make sure that all lines of text are centered, but also ensure they do so without exceeding their width.  It takes two parameters -
2680: Checks if the given object is an HTTP API resource with default authorizers.  If not, it checks its parent resources and globally defined HttpAPI settings in case of absence or returns false otherwise
2681: A function to generate the model' s string representation. It takes three parameters - batch size,learning rate and number of training iterations .It returns an efficientdet format as per given inputs in form '
2682: A function that replaces all the special characters in input string with their corresponding ASCII values.  It uses list and assoc functions to find matching pairs of strings from an association table, which is
2683: Appending the elements of one List to another.  The result is an appended version with both lists combined into it, and then returns that new merged/combined 'list'.   .
2684: This function returns the list of methods available in azimal integration.  It is used to select appropriate method based on input data type and algorithmic detection system . (END SUMMARY).'
2685: A function that generates all possible combinations of strings by filtering out the ones which match with given patterns.  It uses recursion to generate and combine results from multiple filters into one final result set, each
2686: Checks if the given operator is one of comparison operators. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether it's an equality, inequality checker etc.." .   [END
2687: Generates the necessary command line arguments to publish devices.  If no device is specified then it will be run in privileged mode otherwise all other options are passed through as mounts or specific --options
2688: A function that returns the input if it's not false, or else return an empty list.  It checks whether its argument is either true/false and nones; otherwise converts to one
2689: A function that takes in an input of type STRING and returns the same output with all characters replaced by their strike through versions.  This is done using map, lambda functions to iteratively process
2690: Extracting the cognito username from an AWS Lambda function. (END SUMMARY).  ```    Code snippet to extract user name in lamda handler : ```javascriptlambda
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer list. 1st character is at position zero, last one in the end of input sequence and each successive characters are mapped from their corresponding decimal values using 'char
2692: A function that checks if the given coordinates are out of bounds. It returns true when they're not in range, false otherwise."; (comment "This is an auxiliary procedure used to
2693: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and is efficient in terms computation time but not very readable due its lacks comments or meaningful variable names, which makes it
2694: A function that clamps the given number to be within specified range. If it's less than lower bound, return lowest possible; if greater then highest boundary returns same as input else returned original values
2695: A function that generates comments in the form of # | comment.  For example, (#=>(10)) will return '#| 3 times more than x .  |' where 'x is input
2696: Filter out molecules with more than 'n' atoms in the given list.  The function takes two arguments, an atom count and one or many molecular lists to filter from . It returns only those that
2697: Convert the given number to string with comma as decimal separator.  Code snippet that converts numbers into strings in Clojure language, using '.' character instead of ','; and
2698: Computes the dot product of two lists. If one list is null, it returns zero; if both are nonempty then computs as sum(a[i].b)."
2699: Returns the index of first occurrence in list 'features' that matches with given argument. If no match found, returns '-1'. This function is used to get an integer value from string which represents some
2700: A recursive function to convert Binary number system into Decimals. It uses helper functions and base conversion logic of the computer's architecture."   [END] } }}}}}} .
2701: A function to find the longest common subsequence of two lists. It uses dynamic programming approach with memoization and recursion, which is an efficient way in finding LCS among many sequences/lists
2702: A function to interpolates between two points. It takes three parameters, the start and end of an interval or segment in which we want our resultant value; it returns one number that is linearly inter
2703: Remove the last slashed from string. If there is no such thing, return original input as it's not modified by removeLastChar function .   [END] Code Summary :(end of
2704: Returns the URL to subscribe or unsubscribe from NetID.  The first argument is your user id, and second one can be either list of codes if you want multiple subscriptions else single string with
2705: This function returns the type of an orifices based on its size. If it's zero, then "Thin". Otherwise if less than halfway through itself as id number and larger that
2706: A function that counts the number of matching letters between two strings. It uses recursion to compare characters from both inputted string until it finds no more matches or one character is left in each String,
2707: A function that generates the call stack of an object. It uses recursion to keep track and generate all frames in reverse order, starting from current one downwards until it reaches base case where no more
2708: Converts the hubble constant to the desired unit of measurement, given an initial value in km/s/(Mpc h^−1)." --->(hubbles units
2709: Counts the number of times an inputted 'content' contains one and only once occurrence ('letters') in it. The function is case sensitive, ie., uppercase letters are not considered
2710: Calculates the probability of winning in tennis. Given two players' scores, it calculsulates their win rate based on current score difference and total games played so far by adding up to ten points per
2711: Dump datetime in the form of date and time.  If no argument is provided, return current localtime as formatted by default."   . ) ;; end define function dumpDateTime    }}}
2712: This function takes in the score of one player's move and returns it formatted as either '++', '- - ', or just an integer. It is used to format scores that are displayed on che
2713: Filter events based on status, visibility and time.  It excludes those with actions in the self dictionary .   "Up Coming" Events are filtered out if they have not yet happened before given
2714: This function takes two optional arguments, 'use list' and ‘Use tuple’. If both are true it throws an error message otherwise if one is present then the output will either return as input
2715: Removes the given dictionary's entry. If it exists, removes and returns its value; otherwise leaves as is." (code)." "Key of dict to remove from main Dict
2716: A function that takes two arguments and returns the sum of their elements. The first argument is multiplied by 'x' then added to second element in list "beta". This operation can be used as
2717: Map locale to RFC 5397 alpha format. For example, 'en' maps into '' and so on."} . -> {108 : {"code": "",}}
2718: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operations until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
2719: Returns the difference between two lists. The first list is compared with second one and only elements that are not in it will be returned by function result . It's used to find out unique values from
2720: A function to validate the usage type.  It checks if provided value is in list or not, and returns error message otherwise." --->(defun checkout .[.]/..
2721: Converts the list of latitude and longitudes to GHA. The conversion is done by adding or subtracting from each value based on whether it's negative, then rounding off with
2722: Counts the number of set bits in an integer. It uses bit manipulation to count how many times one appears among all possible combinations that can be formed from binary representation . The function takes as input
2723: A function to find the maximum sub array sum in an integer list. It uses Kadane' s algorithm which is more efficient than other methods but not as simple and easy understandable like dynamic programming
2724: Checks if the given array contains any elements that end with '_module].' in Clojure. If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating no such submodules exist within
2725: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .' and it returns first two
2726: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was sanatized. It splits on spaces, then joins back together with no extra space in between each word .  For
2727: Sorts the list of timestamp tuples in ascending order by seconds.  It uses lambda function to compare two elements and sort them based on their first element ie., time difference between
2728: This function is used to decorates C array data with the given variable name, type and value.  It generates an appropriate string representation of c style arrays in memory layout format."   . )
2729: Convert hexadecimal array to ASCII. 1 byte = 4 characters in the output, one character is represented by two digits of base ten numbers from zero - nine only . The input
2730: Convert an element to list.  If the input is not pair, return empty List; otherwise convert it into pairs and repeat until there are no more elements left in original sequence .   "(head
2731: Converts wxWidgets string to GdkPixbuf.  The & symbol is replaced with _ .   This function converst the given text into an image format that can be used in
2732: Returns the RGB values of an inputted colors in terms Gamma corrected. The function takes two parameters, one is list representing rgb value and other parameter represents gammma correction factor which can be
2733: A function that clamps an input to be between two given values.  If the value is less than 'a', it will return "b". Otherwise, if greater then returns same as original number
2734: Returns the path of an HTTP request.  For example, if you have "/index" in your URL then it will return '/'. If there is no such thing as 'GET /' or any
2735: This function does nothing. It is used to demonstrate the concept of recursion in Scheme programming language." (defun test ()   ;; define your tests here, e..g., '
2736: Returns the list of ants that contain at least one baseline. The function filters out any antenna whose value is not within two fifths or halfths from its nearest lower and upper bound, ie
2737: This function calculates the middle point of two points. It takes four arguments, each representing one dimension in space - x and y coordinates respectively . The result is returned as list with both dimensions' values
2738: Checks if an object is of type oval.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet to be used in other parts or scripts that need the
2739: Returns the previous element of an input list. If at beginning, returns last item in sequence instead." Code is used to get previos elements from given arrays/lists . It's
2740: Compute the sum of two numbers. If first number is smaller or equal to second, add them directly; otherwise subtract from larger one and vice versa .  [...]   Code snip
2741: Builds the URL to run an existing Experiments.  The result is in form of string type .'   '    "Build and return url that can be used by user or system tools like
2742: A recursive function that replace all occurrences of the patterns in 'pattern list' with their corresponding replacement.  If no more matches are found, it returns original string as is . It uses
2743: Checks whether there exists an empty cell on which we can place 'n' number within its respective column/line/. Block . If yes then return True else False	. This function takes as input current
2744: Returns the name of ship skins.  Input is expected to be in string format and returns output as toolname with prefix 'Skipping' if it starts from capital letter or not present then append
2745: Checks if the conditions are yes or no.  Returns true when they're both equal to 'Yes'.  	; returns false otherwise .    ; checks whether all elements in list1 and
2746: This function calculates the delta of pressure in an elastic band with height h and diameter d . It returns minimum value between two values, one is calculated by multiplying halfheight to zero point four times
2747: A function that returns the string representation of only digit characters in input. If no digit character is found, it will return an empty String."   }]],[{	"name":"isalpha
2748: A function that calculates the mean of two numbers.  It's called beta because it is based on "betta" which means 'two'. The result will be an approximation to halfway
2749: Calculates the number of steps needed to reach an object with given length and height. The result is rounded up because we can't do partial iterations in some cases."   [END]
2750: A function to check if the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number "val" is set. If it’is, returns true; otherwise false .  	Example usage :(
2751: This function takes in an input string, sanitsizes it by converting all characters to upper case and removing any non-"A"-F or “.” - character(es). It then returns
2752: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and modulus operations in order find out their GCD or H
2753: A function to calculate the hexadecimal number of an integer. The input is multiplied by two and subtracted one, then added back on as resultant value in decimal form which gives us
2754: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'true' or false', return true if it’s equal, else throw an error message with details about what went wrong .  1/3
2755: Checks if the given input is palidromic. It does so by comparing characters from both ends of an array and moving towards center, stopping when they don't match or reach middle point
2756: Returns the slope of line formed by two points. If both x and y coordinates are equal, returns 1 to indicate verticality or horizontalness respectively."   [END] Code snip
2757: A function to create groups of size "n" from the list. The input is an item and its group number, it returns all possible combinations with given length." Example usage :(
2758: Returns the K' th bit of X. "K" is zero based indexed, ie., first Bit would be at position '0'. If not possible to get such value then return -
2759: Returns the same as input, but with each string in 'lines' replaced by its first n characters.  The replacement is done from position "splice" onwards . If there are less than
2760: Separates nested lists into their constituent elements.  If the input is not list, it returns itself; if its first element also isn't of type '(cons), then separating
2761: Returns the competition level of an octave. The function takes two parameters, 'year' and	'match number'. It returns one string that represents which competiton stage is associated with given input values
2762: Create weather key from geographic coordinates.  This function takes in two parameters, the Latitude and Longtude of an area to generate its unique identifier based on these values which is used as part
2763: Transposes the matrix. 1st row becomes last column, and so on... .  	Inputs : Matrix of numbers or vectors as elements in rows/columns , Output is transposed version
2764: This function checks if the given URL is http or https and adds it to make sure that we always start with either of these two protocols. If not, then just returns original string as its already in
2765: Checks if the input is palidromic. 10 digits long only, no spaces or special characters are allowed in it and all letters should be same case ie., lowercase
2766: Create mail title from time in seconds. e..g, create '14d' to get the string representation of one day ago date and hour format" . ---end---\n\
2767: Parses the given binary representation of an American style fat timestamp. The input is expected to be in bits, and returns three values representing days/hours etc., respectively."   [END]'
2768: "A function to print green messages in the console."  [END]'s answer. This is an example of how you can use it, and also demonstrates its usage with other colors as well
2769: Checks if string is decimal. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test the function with some examples of input and output in your own tests section .
2770: Checks if the input is string. 1/3 of total lines in .scm file, checks whether or not an object can be converted to strings using 'object -> symbol' conversion
2771: A function to calculate the axis ratio of an ellipse given its semi major and minor radii in terms that are relative distances from one another, with some additional scaling factor applied if necessary due on
2772: This function calculates the Julianday number of any given date. It uses an algorithm that takes into account leap years and adjusts it to match with JDN standard used by astronom
2773: A function that creates an element of the list data type.  It takes four arguments, two numbers and one boolean value to create node in binary tree structure .   The first argument is left child ,
2774: Checks if an Entry contains the Key or Value in any case. If it does, returns true; otherwise false . Code is used to check whether headers are present and their values match with given ones
2775: Checks if the given string is wild card. If it's an empty or starts with '*', then returns true, else false; otherwise checks whether its last character ends in * and return
2776: Parses the input string into its constituent parts. The first part is distance, which should be converted to number type and then used as an identifier of location's geographical position in terms
2777: A recursive function to calculate the power of two. It uses binary exponentiation, which is more efficient than repeated multiplication by doubling in case where 'n' > 0 and less expensive operation compared
2778: Returns the maximum value and its index in list.  If there is no max, it returns '(nil nil).' .   It takes four arguments - two values to compare with each other ,
2779: Generates the URI of an app service.  The uri is built by appending to 'base' with '/partition/name'.extension and '.ext', where .is used as part or extension
2780: Convert target to id. If the string is not empty and starts with '#', remove its first character, otherwise add it as an identifier; if input isn't valid return original value unchanged."
2781: A function that removes duplicated elements from the list of tweet.  It uses helper recursive method to check if an element is in "Seen" or not, and only adds it into result
2782: Checks if the input character belongs to English VOWELS. 1/0 boolean value based on whether or not it's an english letter that can be considered as one of our
2783: Convert the given string to title case.  For example, 'this is an exmaple' would be converted into	'This Is An Example'. This function uses underscores and hyphens as
2784: Counts the occurrences of given 'word' in text.  It splits by spaces and counts non empty strings only, ignoring comments or blank lines . (comment)." }
2785: This function reorders the elements of an array in ascending order. It uses recursion to copy and sort arrays, starting from empty lists until it reaches full sorted list with all original numbers present once
2786: A robot that tidies itself by telling humans to clean up.  It waits until the human is ready before cleaning it off .   The name of its state and current status are also returned
2787: Adds the given points to an existing player' s coint. If adding these results in zero or multiple of current point value, then increases players leveL by one and returns updated scores &
2788: A function to find all the prime numbers less than or equal   .x. in an input number, and return them as list of integers."} ]]]}}}}}" }}]], "code
2789: Compare two groups of policies.  Returns true if all fields are equal, false otherwise .   [END] Code:.    -groupA and _GroupB_. The first parameter is the Group A
2790: A function to convert the given 'seconds' into samples.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that require conversion of seconds or fractions thereof, such as audio processing libraries like soundtouch and
2791: A function to calculate the heuistics distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an integer that represents how far apart they are on average, with lower values indicating more dissimilar
2792: This function calculates the mid point of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'low' and "high" which are supposed to be integers, then it returns their average as an integer."   [
2793: Checks if the platform matches with either of specified platforms. If not, it returns false otherwise true . It also handles other special cases like 'Windows', macOS and Linux as well but only when they
2794: A function to find the index of an element in list. If not found, it throws error with message 'Unknown Class'. It is used by other functions like getClassIndex and setclassindex etc
2795: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers. The result is in decimal form, e..g., .34 means that there's an estimated ~67% of change from 'a to
2796: This function calculates the index of one sample that is not labeled in an unsupervised learning scenario.  It takes three parameters - numberOfUnlabelledSampels, lengthofDataset and
2797: A function that returns the color as list.  Inputs are three numbers between [0,1] representing RGB values of colors in HSV space .   Output is an object with these inputs
2798: A function that sorts an input list in ascending order using the selection sort algorithm. It uses recursion to repeatedly find and remove smallest element from current sorted sublist, until it gets all elements of
2799: A recursive function to calculate the power of an integer. If exponent is odd, it multiplies base by itself until expoenent becomes zero; if even then divides resultant in half
2800: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and subtraction until it reaches an equality where one number equals zero
2801: Convert an element or list into the required length. If input has already been converted, return it as given; otherwise convert and store in cache before returning resultant value"  . -> Code conver
2802: A function to get value from JSON dictionary based on the type of sensors.  It checks if project name is present in dict and returns appropriate string else it gives unknown as default .    Type : S
2803: Create an empty string with the value of input.  If it is not null, then appends "*" to end and return resultant String . Otherwise returns original Value as Is."
2804: A function to calculate the Hammings weight of an integer. It uses recursion and division by two until it reaches zero or odd numbers, then counts how many times one is subtracted from itself
2805: Returns the mention of an id in discord.  If not valid, returns #F .   It is used to get mentions from roles by their IDs or names if they are mentioned as @
2806: Calculates the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm to minimize error between two vectors.  The function takes in as input three parameters, namely 'vector's one and another which are used
2807: A function to generate all possible combinations of 'sequence' with length equal or greater than "N". If the input is an empty list, it returns another instance as its result. Otherwise return first N
2808: Calculates the precision of an algorithm. Prec is defined as "Number Of True Positives / Number OF Predicted positives". If both are zero, it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise return calculated value
2809: Checks if the list has specific element.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .   [...]" } , "code": { ... }, and so on."} ]}]}}
2810: A function that converts the number of hour(s).'hours" into seconds.   .e.-g., if you call howManySecondes with argument "3", it will return '
2811: Code to convert all instances of 'You Are', or similar, into the equivalent phrase in lower case and replace with space. Also handles multiple spaces between phrases/words correctly by splitting on whitespace characters
2812: A function to merge two dictionary objects. It uses the folding technique of list processing and dict manipulation functions provided by Scheme's built in library." (END SUMMARY)"
2813: A function that adds the given 'string' to be prefixed with '-'.  The result is then formatted as "-[Prefix]-<String>".   It can handle multiple instances of same strings
2814: A function to create an empty two dimensional list. The number of elements in each row is equal the given column count and all are filled with zeros by default .  1/4th done,
2815: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be an element of the list. It returns two elements - index and value from that given inputted item .  The first being its position within
2816: Check if the given string is an electirfication scenarios.  If not it will return error message otherwise returns its corresponding value in terms of reference/medium and high levels .   Code snip
2817: Checks if the input is an empty or not. If it's rectangular, then checks whether all rows have equal lengths and columns are also of same size; otherwise returns false else true  .
2818: A function that takes in list of strings and returns the string with all elements separated by commas. If there are no more items to be added, it simply return an empty String .  The first
2819: Converts the input speed in km/h to output value. The conversion is done by subtracting one from twice of given parameter and rounding it off using builtin function 'floor'. Output
2820: Calculates the unit bounds of an array.  This is used to scale down all elements in one dimension by dividing them with their respective minimums and maximumes, thus ensuring that they are within
2821: Convert data fields to appropriate names.  This function is used in the conversion of sample metadata from one format into another, such as between different file formats or database systems that use slightly differing naming
2822: Returns the first value in dictionary.  If no values exist, it returns 'undefined'.   .    Code snippet to test your function with some examples : Testing example(s): "
2823: This function takes in an input and checks if it is either the integer or character representation of Chamber. If so, returns corresponding list with its numeric value; otherwise throws error message stating invalid argument type
2824: Calculates the volume of an I box. The dimensions are in inches and return result as cubic feet (.083 ft^3).'s" . ```   Code is to calculate Volume
2825: This function calculates the number of seconds in one day. It takes as input an integer representing total minutes, and returns another value that represents how many days are left until midnight on current date/time
2826: Convert list to CSV format.  For example, '(10 ,  34 .   78)' becomes ', '. etc...'.""".)"}""", """"(lambda
2827: Checks if the file is of type 'test' and has required keys.  Returns true or false accordingly."; (commentary "\n") Code commentaries are not supported in text mode
2828: Checks if two rectilinear objects collides.  The first rectangle is defined by its position and dimensions, the second one as another set of parameters defining their positions & sizes respectively."
2829: Convert boolean value to JavaScript equivalent. 1 if true, otherwise false or empty string "" .   Code snippet is used in the context of javascript environment where it can be evaluated as js object
2830: This function returns all directories in the given top directory that contain train history and saved models respectively, if they exist; otherwise it will return an empty list of such paths .  It uses recursion to
2831: Calculates the stretch factor of an audio signal.  The input parameters are length in samples, number and duration over which to calculate average amplitude difference between consecutive frames; sample rate respectively."
2832: A function that generates the bit mask of size 'n'. The result is an integer with all bits set to one, except possibly some at random positions. This can be used in various ways such as
2833: Checks if the input is an integer and greater than or equal to one. If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code : validPeriod(3); // Returns True , because it'
2834: A function that returns the locations of all columns in an array. The input is expected to be between zero and nine, inclusive; otherwise it raises error message indicating invalid argument provided..   [END]
2835: "A function that takes two strings as input and returns the difference between them"  .  ```.   `` ` ``,` ,,,,.''' ''', ' ', '',','.,'.
2836: Returns the lighteness of an RGB color. The formula used is to calculate average value between maximum and minimum values in each channel, then divide by two with rounding applied on it as per requirement."
2837: A function to calculate the average of elements in an array at specific indices. The input is list and index, output will be single number representing averages."   }]], "code": [{
2838: A function to get the list of all possible diseases from given data ids .   "civ" is abbreviation used in the context, it means civilian or humanitarian situation related with medical
2839: Returns the element at index 'k' from list.  If negative, it returns an offset of that many elements before current position in array/data structure"   . "Examples:"	"(
2840: Converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees in two scales, where one is absolute zero and other relative scale being water freezing point at
2841: A function to generate an empty two dimensional array. The size of the generated matrix is determined by input parameters "rows" and	"colums". Each cell in resulting Matrix has value zero, ie
2842: Returns the number of groups in group normalization.  If dimension is specified, it returns that value; otherwise if no dimensions are given then return one based on input parameters and whether we're performing Group
2843: Check if one given subset is present in another.  If yes, return true; otherwise false . (subset?) function checks whether the first argument's elements are contained within second arguement
2844: Split an email addresses into lower case.  Input is in the format of 'firstname last name <email>' and output will be list with all emails as separate elements, each converted to
2845: Negates the value of an input. 1 becomes -1, and vice versa." (check if it works with some test cases to make sure that negation is working correctly.)
2846: A function to calculate the number of dissimilar pairs in two lists. It compares each pair and counts how many are equal, ignoring order but considering content . If one list is empty it returns
2847: Convert integer to string representation of the Shape.   'End' if input is '-', or idle otherwise, and convert number into corresponding shapes as per their numbers in sequence .    For other inputs
2848: A function that gets the string from an object. If it's not found, returns false; otherwise return its content as String .  "   [...]"    -> getStringFromObject
2849: Checks if the given argument is either an integer or two numbers, and checks whether one of them falls within another. If so returns true; otherwise false .   Code snippet to test it
2850: A function to convert numbers in millions. It handles upto one billion and trillions respectively with appropriate formatting rules applied on the basis of their size . e..g., if input is '
2851: Generates the id of an interface and its corresponding steps.  For each unique combination, it generates one line in output file with format '<Interface> . <Step1> <Steps...><
2852: Replace part of the string with another. The function takes four arguments - original, starting and ending positions to replace in inputted 'original' String; an integer value representing position where replacement should begin
2853: Counts the frequency of an element in list.  It returns fractional part only if it is not zero, otherwise return 'zero'.   .' "Count" function counts how many times given
2854: This function checks if the person is latin and black.  It uses 'ethnicity' as input parameter which contains all possible ethnicties that can be present in an individual . The
2855: Split an element into two parts. If the list is empty, return one part with no elements and another without any more to split it further apart."  [END]  ```    """Split
2856: A function that takes two integers and returns the bit wise OR of their product with three times one. The result is then shifted left by four bits to align it correctly in memory, which makes sense as
2857: A function that converts all string items in the inputted array to numbers. If an element is not convertible, it remains unchanged." (code snippet)"   }}}"
2858: A function to get all possible names of the given number or type in DNA sequence contexts, based on its position and orientation within genome sequences; it is used by other functions like dna::make
2859: Checks if the given string is an identifier of one or more version control systems.  It uses some common extensions to identify them, such as .cvsignore and -rc/. Also checks whether
2860: A recursive function to compute the digit at position 'k' in number represented by integer, starting from rightmost. The result is returned as an int value and it uses binary representation of numbers where
2861: Returns the names of all objects in 'raw' list.  This function is used to get object name from given input data .
2862: A function to create an object representing the person's name and id in hash format .   [END] (provide/require 'clojure.) ) ;; Loading clj
2863: A function to convert names into the format used in the game "Legalized Names".  It replaces periods and hyphens with underscores, leaving other characters unchanged."   .    Code
2864: Calculates the mean of an array.  It takes two parameters, 'instance count' and item list.' The function calcula...   .    "(items)" is added to calculate summation
2865: Checks if the cloning of two genes is identical to their targets. If not, returns zero; otherwise return number representing similarity level between gene clone and its targeted form in percentages."
2866: A function that returns the result of an asynchronous operation. If input is not procedure, it's assumed to be already awaited and returned directly; otherwise - waits until its completion then
2867: Computes the overlap between two given boxes. The result is in pixels^3 . If there's no overlapping, it returns zero; otherwise , return how much of an area was covered by
2868: Convert from normalized coordinates to absolute pixel position. This function takes as input the four parameters of an object's bounding box in terms relative or percentages, and returns its top left corner coordinate on
2869: Extracting the required data from each input string. The extracted information is then returned as list of lists with four elements - name, velocity and distance . This function splits an incoming command into its components
2870: Checks if all elements in the list are unique. If not, returns false; otherwise true .'s"   } } ]]]}}}}}`\end{document}'::code}{
2871: A function that returns the index of an element in list. If it's negative, return empty string; if equal to zero then [0], else append with number as its value."  ```
2872: Returns the path to SQLITE database file.  The directory structure is /spiders/[SPIDER NAME]/. This function will be used by other functions in order not only get data from
2873: Converts the input list of numbers to their distance from zero.  It does so by dividing each number in your given array with summation all elements and returns new values as output .
2874: Returns the list of interfaces associated with given 'Node ID'.  [...]" . $this; }.$code, function(e){return e==null?[]:(new Array().push
2875: Convert string to number of bytes. If the input is in M, G or T then convert it into respective byte values else return zero if not recognized units."   . -end-.    Code sn
2876: A function to display the current timestamp in HH : MM . SS format. It takes an integer as input and returns it formatted into hours,minutes & secs respectively."
2877: Check if any of the given fields are not null.  If yes, return true; otherwise false .  	    		   			     									      	   	 	     	        }" ; "Check
2878: A function to return the name of weekdays based on an integer. The input is assumed as days since Monday, and output will be in string format e..g., 'Mon', or Tuesday'
2879: Normalizes the input string by converting it to lower case and replacing commas with spaces, then replaces question marks in between.  This function is used when we want our program's output consistent
2880: Removes commons from the given string and converts it to an integer. If no comma is found, returns original value as int .  	;(integer? xxx ) ;xxx =
2881: Calculates bit masks of an ARGB color. The input parameters are the number bits to be used in each channel, and they represent how many times more than one can contribute towards creating that particular
2882: Checks if the string is equal to 'True' or case insensitive. 1/3 of total lines in .txt file, line numbering starts from zero and it checks whether given input
2883: This function generates unique names based on the type of nodes in an OS. It is used to ensure that each os has its own namespace and avoids naming conflicts with other systems or components within it
2884: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'Y', return true, if it's one of yes/True or t then also returns True else false and so on . It can handle
2885: A function that returns 'An' if the first character of string is vowel, else it will return `A`.   .    Code snippet to test your solution with some examples :
2886: Convert string to lower case.  If the input is not of type 'String', return an empty String."   .eol))"})'s, then convert it into its ASCII value
2887: Converts KELVIN to CELSIUS using the formula of conversion from kelvins into celsiusses .   [END] Code snippet only, no
2888: Checks if the game is complete.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." (defun checkCompleteBoard .board ) { return !empty ? $1 : null ;
2889: Checks if the given name is covered by Facebook Buck or Google Android.  If not, it returns true; otherwise false .   Code snippet : checks whether an android project's build
2890: Check if list of date strings has any duplicated entries.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Code length :10 lines    Author:@author , Date@date, Version @version(#
2891: A function to generate default axis units. If the number of dimensions is greater than one, it returns an hyphen followed by recursive call on subtrahending with "n". Otherwise return just
2892: Returns the list of instruments associated with Temperature Modulation.  It checks if input is one among four possible values and returns corresponding instrument name(s). If not, it throws an error message indicating
2893: A function to perform the Galois multiplication algorithm. It is used in cryptography and number theory, where it's necessary due its efficiency over other methods of multiplying integers by repeatedly adding them until
2894: Reduces the size of data by removing every nth element from each list. The first and last elements are kept, while all other items in between get removed to reduce overall memory usage . This
2895: This function takes two lists of web applications and returns the intersection between them. It uses append map to iteratively apply filter on each element in first argument, then applies it again with second one as its
2896: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. The result is always lowercase and padded with zeros if necessary, up until the full width of its representation in base32 characters."
2897: Removes the 'Output' and blank lines from logs. 1 line per log entry."  	; Explanation of what it does, in one sentence or less if possible ; no more
2898: A function that clips the input between two given values. If it's less than minimum, returns minimal; if greater then maximum - return maximal ; else keep as is .   [...]
2899: Checks if the given string is present in any of list's elements.  If yes, returns true else false .   It uses ormap to check each element one by on and return first
2900: A function to calculate the minimum and maximum coordinates of any rectangle. The input is represented as four numbers, representing two dimensions in each direction from top left corner(0). Outputs are also minima
2901: Converts ASCii string to Uint3. Code is recursive and conversts the first character of input into its integer value, then it multiplies that by base which in our case
2902: A function to get the ip address types. 1 input parameter is required which can either IPv6 or IPv4 . If it’s not provided, then an error will occur as per requirement
2903: Flatens the field of numbers. 1st level -> flat list, 0th element is number itself and second one to last are nested lists with same structure as original but all elements removed
2904: A function that generates the URL to fetch used cars listings in specific location and radius from TrueCar website with pagination support .   [END]    Code snippet provided is fetching data of
2905: A function to return the properties of specific materials in the GB_Materials database .   The input is either 'name' or its corresponding index number, and returns gamma , Epsilon(ε),
2906: A function that takes in two arguments, evaluates the first argument if it is either of type procedure or list and returns its result. If not then simply return what's passed as second parameter to
2907: A function that takes in one argument and returns it as the only element of an list.  It's called "Singletons" because they are unique, single instances or values from any given
2908: Appends the given tensor to an existing one.  Returns new Tensor with appended values .   [TODO] Add more details about what it does and how/where used in your
2909: A function to sort an array of numbers using the quick Sort algorithm. It uses recursion and divide & conquer strategy, which is more efficient than other O((n log n). Quick sorts are often
2910: Convert Oxford comma separated text into list of phrases. For example, input 'I love programming' will return ['i ', '', ''love'',''programming]'. This function splits the string by
2911: Calculates the ideal gas law of thermodynamics, given temperature and volume in Kelvin or Celsius respectively."  	    		   			     									       . "The formula is
2912: Checks if the string is parametric. If so, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test it out with some examples and explain its functionality in detail" }
2913: Processes the data in string format. It removes all spaces from given strings and returns it as output." (code :end )    }}}}}} . "))" }} ,,,,
2914: A function that adds two lists of numbers.  It takes in one list and another, then returns the sum as an ordered pair . e..g., ((10  3 )(4
2915: A function that sorts the elements of list in ascending order. It uses recursion to handle nested lists and removes duplicated values from each sublist before sorting them all together."  [1
2916: Returns the size of an object in bytes. If it's less than or equal to  0xFF, returns as is; if greater then return 'B', else convert into KB and so
2917: This function returns the type of star rating based on its value, with lower values being more significant and higher ones less so" .' --> '    }}}}}}'.     -}
2918: A function to convert column labels into numbers. It uses recursion and the ASCII values of characters in string representation, which is used as an approximation on how many columns there are based upon their position
2919: Returns the number of times that an object is found in list. If not present, returns "-" . This function checks if string starts with ' N M : i' and then counts how many time
2920: Merge two sorted lists into one. If either list is empty, return the other's value or vice versa if both are nonempty and their first elements compare equal then recursively merge rest
2921: Finds the value associated with given 'Key' in Tuple of tups. If not found, returns default Value .  "   [END]    Code :(defun findval (.
2922: A function that performs linear search on an input list. It returns 'true' if the element is found, else it will return "false".  The time complexity of Linear Search in worst case
2923: This function returns the largest power of two less than or equal to n. It does so by checking if bit wise and operation between current number 's' with its predecessor is zero, which means
2924: Converts Excel Column Index to Number. This function conversts an index from the spreadsheet'S columns into its corresponding number value in decimal form." ---}}}}}"    }
2925: A function to generate the module name based on configuration parameters  .   [END] Code Summary" --->(defun calcModuleName (. cfg)) if contains ?cfg ". return string
2926: This function wraps the input string in ANSI color escape codes to make it green.  It is used primarily as an example of how one might use these colors within their own programs."
2927: Calculates the change in concentration of carbon dioxide over time using given initial and current concentrations, assuming constant temperature difference between two points on gasoline burner cycle."  	     .
2928: A function to remove leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  If not already stripped, it will do so by removing any characters that are non alphanumeric or underscore
2929: Check if all elements of two lists match up with each other by comparing them against their respective list'sthe first element is equal and then compare rest to next one etc... .   It checks whether
2930: Returns the number at given index or subscript. If it's not an integer, returns itself as is; otherwise converts to int and return .   Code snippet : getNumberFrom
2931: A function to determine the appropriate brackets of ages. It takes an integer as input and returns one string that describes what range it falls into based on its value."   [END] Code snip
2932: Generates regex pattern from the given string.  For example, if input is 'abc', output will be '.*{input}.*' which matches any strings that contain abc anywhere in them .
2933: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and subtraction until it reaches an equality where both are
2934: Returns the usage string of an optional argument. If it's not defined, returns -optname-.  Otherwise return its value .   It is used to generate help text and command line options in
2935: Calculates the average of each student's scores in given list.  The input is expected to be an alist where keys are students and values represent lists with their respective score(es)."
2936: Convert time in Hours, Minutes and Seconds to Total Number of Secounds. Code snippet that converts the given input into total number or secound(S).
2937: Generates an indent string of the given number. Used to generate correct output formatting in some languages like Python or JavaScript's syntax highlighting."  ```python ```javascript '' 'Ind
2938: Evaluates an expression tree. The evaluation is done by recursively evaluating the left and right subtrees, then applying operator on these results to get final result of operation in root level . For example
2939: Generates an Amazon Resource Name(ARN).  ARN is the unique identifier of AWS resources. It'll be used to identify and authorize other users, applications or devices with access permissions on
2940: Creates new ids in the format of "region" + ("last number + 1"). For example, if we are creating an ID within 'USA' and our current highest available is zero
2941: Checks if the given number is out of range.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or anomalous data point."  	    		   			     									       .
2942: A function to calculate the Lucus number. The first two numbers in lucs sequence are always given as '(defun' and followed by its definition, then it calculates next term of series
2943: This function calculates the shift in field of view based on distance to an object.  It takes four parameters - focal length, patient's focus len., and two angles that represent viewing angle with
2944: A function to remove trailing whitespaces from string. It uses recursion and the length of input strings as its base case, then checks if it's at end or not by comparing with -
2945: A function to calculate combinations of items. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated values in an array or list so that it can reuse them if needed later on without recal
2946: Checks if the target capacity is greater than or equal to current uptime and whether it's not yet at its maximum. If both conditions are met, returns true; otherwise false."
2947: Clears all integers in the given list. If an integer is found, it replaces with zero and returns as result of function call; if not then continues to next element recursively until end or
2948: This function takes in two parameters, the first being an SQL string and second one is used to set conditions on that sql statement.  It returns result of executing given queries with provided conditional statements .
2949: A recursive function to calculate the sum of FIBO numbers. The base cases are when n is less than two, it returns that value itself and otherwise calls fibonacci with one subt
2950: Convert bytes to gigabytes. Code snippet that converts the given number of bits into GBs or Gigabits, based on whether it is in terms and units from kilob
2951: This function takes two parameters, the first is an integer representing time in seconds since epoch and second. The other parameter represents least significant bits of timestamp which are used to identify specific instance within that particular interval
2952: This function takes in an list of shape/size pairs and returns the same output as if all elements were zero. It does not change any other part or size than what is specified by its input parameters
2953: A function that calculates the Collatatz sequence. It takes an integer as input and returns its collatzy value by applying three rules to it, if even return half of current resultant else
2954: A function that prepending an element to all lists in the input list of Lists.  It uses map and cons functions from Scheme language .   The result is returned as new List with each
2955: A function that checks if the point(x,y), lies within or on circle with center at coordinates ‘((xc ,yyc)), radius '’. The distance from origin to check is
2956: Convert an object to bool. If the input is string, it checks if its lower case version matches any of [" true ", “ yes "", on", y” , t"" or  = 0
2957: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return #t else if it's no false otherwise (#f).  For all other inputs returns '#F'.   .
2958: A function to format maven jar name. It replaces dots with underscores and hyphens in the given parameters, then appends an underline followed by clean version of both id'd
2959: Checks if two alternatives are mutually exclusive.  If one is not null and the other isn't, then they must be different; otherwise return true or false accordingly depending on whether both options
2960: This function deletes the root of an abstract syntax tree. It does so by checking if it is list and then taking its first element, otherwise returning original input as output .  The resultant A
2961: This function takes in an input list of elements and returns the same output as if it were passed through string.  It is used to convert all non strings into their equivalent representation, ie., they
2962: A function to format the number of minutes and second as string. If less than one minute, it will return in form like 'X sec'. Otherwise returns X min : Y Sec'."   .
2963: Finds the nearest neighbouring room in list of rooms. It uses Euclidean Distance to measure similarity between two points on earth' surface, and keeps track with time complexity O(n).
2964: Parses the path of an audio file into its respective parts.  Includes information about which type and what it is, such as "instrument" or 'file'.  	Example usage
2965: Flatens the list by recursively calling flattern on each element if it is also of type 'List'. If not, then returns that item. This function will return all elements in one level deep
2966: A function to calculate the residues of numbers modulo another number. It uses recursion and power method, which is an efficient way in finding modular inverse or calculating powers with large exponents efficiently."
2967: A function to calculate the differential of Farkas's method. The first three arguments are parameters that define an initial guess and two functions, respectively; while fourth argument is used as step size in
2968: A function that checks if given number is in range of zero to one. If not it throws an error message else returns inputted parameter as output .   Code snippet : `(defun
2969: Computes the Intersection over Union of two boxes. The intersection is computed as an area that lies within both input shapes, and it's divided by their union to get IoU score which ranges
2970: Cleans the URL by converting it to lower case and removing any trailing or leading whitespace.  This is useful in comparison of urls that may have different casing, but still contain similar
2971: Calculates the temperature in Celsius given Fahrenheit input from an equation of form y = ax^n + bx, where n = 4 and x is temp c/f
2972: Counts the number of parenthesis tokens in text.  If it encounters an opening bracket, adds one to count; if closing brace or square/round is encountered subtract from total by
2973: Parses the direction argument. If it is true or false, returns that value; if not recognized as one of two possible values ("up", "-down"), then throws an error message with details
2974: Calculates inverse document frequency.  It's used to adjust the weight of terms in documents based on their prevalence across all texts, and is often employed as part or full preprocessing step before
2975: A recursively implemented binary search algorithm. It takes an ordered list and the value to find in it, then returns its index if found or -1 otherwise . (code): ) ;; end
2976: A function to find the inverse of permutations. It takes as input an ordered list and returns its corresponding indexing order, which is then used back into creating original ordering." --->(
2977: Calculates the total duration of all notes in list."; (code);"\n";""}];]]);]]).' . '[[' "NoteList", {[(lambda ()
2978: Flatens the list of lists. If an element is not in form, it will be ignored and only cons elements that are part from same level as previous one into resultant flatened sequence . For
2979: A function to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and remainder operation in mathematics . The time complexity will be O(log
2980: A function that pads the input string with zeros to make it an even length.  If already odd, just returns original value as is; if not then adds '.' at end of resultant
2981: Computes the gradient of sigmoide function with respect to its input, ie., d/dx[σ(x)] = [f'(θ)(− x )] . The derivative
2982: Checks if list is non decreasing.  A sequence of numbers or elements in the same order but not necessarily increasing, are considered to be "Non Decreasin". This function returns true only
2983: Influence the given object with another.  If it's not provided, return its value; if yes then apply function to each element of collection and combine results in case they are collections or
2984: A function to create an n x m grid. The values in the cells are all zeros, and each cell is filled with one unit of value at most once per row or column respectively . For
2985: A function to get the number of pass rooms in honeycombs. The input is an integer representing which "layer" or row we are looking at, and returns how many passes there should be on
2986: Checks if the first element of two lists are greater or equal, and then checks whether second elements in both list pairs match. If all conditions met return true else false .  It also handles cases
2987: A function to calculate the height of an object at any given time in Rocco scale, based on hour and temperature data from Mars' surface conditions .   [...]"}}]}]}],[
2988: This function checks if the current exons are first or last in their parent transcript. It does so by comparing it with previous and following rows, which is done using helper functions identical to preceding/
2989: Flatens the list by combining all elements of nested lists into one.  It uses recursion to handle any level deep nesting in input, and returns an unbroken flatened version as output."
2990: A function that takes in two numbers and returns them as strings if they are equal, otherwise it concatenates the first number with second one.  It is used to create nice pairs of consecutive integers from
2991: Checks if the given 'task' is of type chief. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on input parameters .   [END] Code:.   1986
2992: A function that fixes line breaks in the input string. It checks if it is not already of type 'STRING' and then replaces all instances where there are two or more consecutive spaces with one space
2993: A function that returns the difference between two numbers. If one number is greater than another, it subtracts them; otherwise if they are equal or less then return 0 . The range of values
2994: A function that ensures the input is always in list form. If not, it converts to one by wrapping into an implicitly enclosing '() . This makes sure we can use functions
2995: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb one or two stairs. The total count is calculated by adding up all possible combinations from climbing each staircase once and twice respectively, starting with first
2996: Calculates the molar ratio of two compounds given their molecular weights and masses in grams per mole, or equivalently kilograms by milligrams if no units are specified." ---
2997: Returns the channels of an input tensor in last dimension. This function is used to extract features from convolutional layers or pooling operations, which are typically applied on top layer before final classification/regression
2998: A function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. It uses recursion to reverse each element and returns them as new lists, one by ontentaining their original values if they
2999: A function that returns the reciprocal of its input. If it receives zero, then return an extremely large number to avoid division by zeros in future calculations." (defun inverse_
3000: Sorts the list of ID strings in ascending order based on their numeric values. The function takes as input an array/list with string elements, and returns another sorted version that is also represented
3001: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list.  It takes as input an integer or float number and returns their sum divided by count, which is equivalent with calculating avarage value .
3002: A function to calculate the rating of thruster based on its maximum possible force and mass, if it can't produce that much power then return .4376 or -98 because we
3003: Create an instance of Edge with the given parameters.  The id, and other attributes are set to their respective values in order from leftmost node -> right most one . If no value is provided
3004: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by both four and hundred, then also checks whether its divided evenly with three times fourth of that to check century
3005: A function to generate the columns of an issue tracker table.  The output is in cycle time format, with each column representing one field from our custom fields list."   [END] (
3006: Calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values in given list of notes.  This is used to determine how much 'pitched' an instrument or voice can be, by comparing its highest pitch with
3007: Checks if the argument is either an integer or float. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .  	     Code snippet : checks whether given input can be considered
3008: A function to format an interval in hours into weeks and days. If the input is less than one day, it returns as string with only hour(s). Otherwise formats like 'X week Yday
3009: A function to calculate similarity between two strings. The result is in the range of [-inf, inf] where closer values are more similar and farther away from each other value indicates less so."   [
3010: A function to format duration in minutes into readable string. If the total time is zero, it returns an empty String; otherwise return formatted hour and minute as strings separated by either one or two dig
3011: Sorts the list of players by their points.  It uses lambda function to compare two elements in order and returns true if first element is greater than second one, else false or null depending on
3012: Returns the path to disabled vHost configuration file of php fpm."  [END]'   'PHP FPM Disable VHOST CONFIGURATION FILE PATH.' )" ]])
3013: A function that returns greeting message with the given person's names.  The string is prepended by 'hello'.  	Example usage :( arg return Gretting ('John'))
3014: Computes the distance between two points in pixels, given their size and an aspect ratio of one pixel to four times three by default; used as part or base class method getDistanceFromPoint .'
3015: Calculates the L^{p} norm of distance between two points in Euclidean space. p is an optional parameter that defaults to 'infinity' if not provided, indicating infinity or maximum
3016: Validates the type of an argument against provided list.  If not found, returns #f . Otherwise return its value from hash table "types".   'arg' is to be validated and
3017: A function to calculate the slice size. It takes two arguments, nom and tot which are supposed be positive integers or zeroes respectively . If they're not then it raises an error with message '
3018: Returns the first nonlocal destination of an Edge. If there is no such Destination, it returns #F .  It checks all edges to find if they have same local and remote endpoints as
3019: Convert newline characters to CRLF in text.  If the argument is not string, it will be converted recursively into strings before conversion process begins." --->(defun t
3020: A function to safely divide two numbers, returning zero if the second number is not valid or equal   .to    it's first parameter; otherwise return division result as usual.." }}}}}}
3021: Returns the maximum of two given values.  If one value is greater than another, it returns that other's number; otherwise return both numbers together with their greatest common divisor(gcd).
3022: Generates function rates based on threshold and true positive rate.   [END] .' | tr -d '\n')" > ${OUTPUT}$(basename "__FILE___
3023: A function to calculate the payout of an option. If it's call, returns max(forward value -strike price), otherwise return maximum between striker and backward valuation minus current stock
3024: Parses the content of ctab bond block.  It returns list with each element being one row from file, stripped off leading and trailing whitespace characters."   [END] Code
3025: A function that finds the minimum index of * and / in an input string. The result is stored as list with all indices found at least once, sorted by their occurrence frequency within given strings .
3026: A recursive function that converts boolean values to strings.  It takes in an input list of booleans and returns the string representation as per each element's value, with 'true'/
3027: Checks if the list of date entries has any duplicated.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python's built in function to check duplicate values within lists
3028: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs. The base cases are when there is only one stair and two stairsteps respectively, otherwise it returns summation from previous
3029: Checks if all characters in the string are ASCII. If not, returns false; otherwise true." (code snippet with comments to explain each step of function definition.)"
3030: A python based project generator.  It supports cmake as its build system .   Skaff provides an extensibility point to add more features or modify the existing ones in your own way.").strip
3031: Convert an IPv address to binary format.  The input is expected as string and the output will be in decimal form of IP Addresses .   For example, '( _convertIPtoBinary ".
3032: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals zero, in which it returns "f". Otherwise ,it calls itself with decremented
3033: This function takes as input the list of hydrogen bonding pairs and an identifier string representing one or more amino acid letters. It returns two lists, each containing only those hydrogens that are part
3034: A function that adds . to the start of an extension if it's not already there. If input is alphnumeric, returns as string; otherwise return original value unchanged" ---
3035: Convert string to integer. If the input is in hexadecimal, convert it into decimal; if not then check whether its binary or just numberic and return as an int type otherwise throw error
3036: A function to generate the octal representation of an object.  If no argument is provided, it returns 'Oct' . Otherwise ,it generates and return symbol with given string as its value which represents
3037: This function converts the input string to binary. If it is one of four predefined strings, then return abuse else not -a bs . It'll be used in generating labels and
3038: Checks if the remainder of an exponentiation is equal to one. If true, returns #true; otherwise return false." (code)_END} )" }}}}}} . " \
3039: Create the pair of 'Marker' and its corresponding value from one line in flat file. The input is assumed to be string formatted with two spaces between values, separated by newlines or end lines ('
3040: A function to find the index of maximum value in list. It uses recursion and comparison with max so far, returning current highest found position if it finds higher number than previous one or returns zero otherwise
3041: Normalizes the input into either an integer or false. If it is not valid, then returns 'false'.  Otherwise return as number if possible otherwise displays error message and exits program .   }
3042: Checks if the given path is to an existing, real data source.  It does not check whether it's actually readable or writability; that would require additional checks in addition).
3043: Checks if the given filename is an ontological .SADL File – ie., it matches with Rack Ontologies pattern of filenames and not Generated Prop Info CS
3044: Split the given file or directory name into its components.  The result is returned as two lists, one with all directories and another containing files in that location on disk."}') {code
3045: Calculates the accumulated value of HC in one period. The parameters are current, effort and other factors to be considered as per formulae provided by Harman's Cube system .
3046: This function filters out the given list of packet types from an input stream. It does so by checking if each incoming Packet is in its respective Filter List, and only then passes it to further processing
3047: Check if the given range is valid. If not return error message else returns #t . (defun hyperelfe bp10347689 )   ;
3048: Calculates the accuracy of classification. It takes two lists as input, one with actual labels and another list that contains predicted ones by some model or algorithm."   }]], "code": [{"
3049: Returns the environment type based on given 'host' name. If no such pattern is found, returns nil; otherwise it will return either "Dev", or if there exists another match with prefix of Q
3050: A recursive function that generates the specified number of spaces. If no space is needed, it returns an empty string; if one needs to be added then adds ' '. The process repeats until there
3051: Remove lines with power consumption above the given value. The input is split into components and only if it's not ##F then we consider that part of our result, otherwise ignore them . If
3052: A function to get the number from an object. If not found, it returns nil; otherwise return value of 'payload'.""".  ```    """ ) (defun prn
3053: Convert RGB color to grayscale using the formula of converting an rgb value into gray scale by adding all red, green and blue values together then dividing it with three . This is done in
3054: Checks if the input is an array of scalars. If it's not, returns false; otherwise checks whether each element in its first position equals to all other elements and has only one item
3055: Convert the result of proxy function to dictionary. This is used in conjunction with other functions that require data as dictionaries, such us 'get' and etc.." . --->(def
3056: A function to calculate the value of cell in voltage regulator.  It takes two parameters - enervsity and loss, returns energy stored .   "En" is an input parameter that represents current
3057: Convert comma separated rfid numbers to ten digit hexadecimal format. If the input is not in correct form, it raises an exception with message 'invalidRFIdNumber'. The function also
3058: Generates all possible combinations of three numbers from the range [0,n). The combination is represented as list. For example,( gen -> HKL ) returns ((3 . #(#
3059: Computes the speed of an object in meters per second. If no time is given, it returns zero as there's nothing to calculate from here onwards . Otherwise , calculates and return how
3060: A function to get the list of all possible intron sequences in an assembly. It takes as input two lists, one with start positions and another ones containing sizes/end points respectively which define each gen
3061: Convert RGB color to integer. The input is three integers in the range [0, MAX_INT]. Each of them represents one component from red green and blue colors respectively . Returns an unsigned int value
3062: Returns the intersection of two ranges. If there is no overlap, returns false; otherwise it will return an ordered pair with lower and upper bounds that define their common area in terms from one range to another
3063: A function that filters out messages from the logger service based on hostname .  If message has 'Host' field then it checks if its value is equal to specific domain name, in case of match
3064: Convert Decimal to BCD. Code written in Scheme language with recursive function approach."   [END] SUMMARY:[ END ][BEGIN][INFO](* Function convert\_from
3065: This function takes as input list of documents and returns cleaned version with stopwords removed.  It uses lambda functions to filter out unwanted terms in each document, which are not considered common English language
3066: Checks if two shapes are broadcastably compatible. A shape is said to be "compatible" with another one, when the number of dimensions and their sizes match up in both arrays/shapes respectively
3067: A function to calculate combinations. It calculates the number of ways you can choose 'k' items from an array with length equal or greater than "n". The result is calculated using recursion and
3068: Wraps an index around to the other side of its container. If it is less than zero, wrap at negative infinity; if greater or equal then return as given otherwise returns itself plus one mod
3069: A function that takes in text and returns it as blockquotes.  It splits the input string into lines, then appends each line with an initial > symbol to create blocks of quotes around
3070: Returns the positive integer value of input. If it's already an exact int, returns as such; otherwise converts to numeric form and then checks if its in range 0 -> 9
3071: A function to remove trailing spaces from string. It uses recursion and the condition checking if character is space or not, then it removes one char at last of given input until there are no more
3072: Returns the weight of loss function to be used in probablistic learning algorithms, based on how far we are from reaching our goal step size and total steps taken sofar."  	;(
3073: A function that returns the first element of list if it exists, otherwise return false. If there is only one item in given lists then just show its value else display all items present inside provided array/
3074: Returns the full form or canonicalized version, if possible. If not found then throws an error message stating that it cannot be resolved to its fully qualified name .  This function is used in file system
3075: Get the legacy message type from an input. If it's not valid, return error msg; otherwise returns new name of that idenfifier in format MSB_. This function is used to
3076: This function checks if the last seven elements of an input list are all zeros, and returns true only when they're not zeroes at any point in that sequence; otherwise it will return false
3077: A function that calculates the sum of all elements in an input list. If there is only one element, it returns directly its value; otherwise recursively calls itself with rest part and adds first item
3078: Creates an object reference.  The hash function is used to create the unique identifier of that referential point in memory."  ```    . ``` Code snippet : make sure you
3079: This function checks if the first five elements of two lists are equal. If they're, it continues to check next four pairs and so on until all cases have been checked or one pair is found
3080: A function that checks if an HTTP response's entity tag is valid. If it isn’t, raises exception with the invalid eTAG value as argument."  [...]   Code snippet
3081: Convert the input string to lower case. If no argument is provided, return an empty result or None if not possible due some reason like invalid type etc..  .  ```python ```    """
3082: A function that limits the size of an input in megabytes. If it's less than or equal to one, returns its value as is; if greater then scales up by multiplying
3083: Returns the negative of each element in list.  Code is used to negatively transform elements within given input function 'f'.  	     .   		     	   	 	.
3084: Finds the index of maximum element in an array. Code is written to be read easily and understandably by non programmers, as it explains what each part does without needing any explanation from others or
3085: This function takes in the filename of an .csv file and returns its corresponding sloping factor.  It assumes that all files have "slopes" as their names, with numbers following them (.e
3086: Calculates the price after applying discounts and taxes. The function takes three parameters - 'base' product cost, "tax" as percentage to be applied on it &	"discount", which is also
3087: Generates descriptions of the given classes. The description is simply their names as strings, one per line with indentation to indicate hierarchy level in output formatting."  ``` . ``` )(
3088: A recursive function that flattens nested/multidimensional arrays into one dimension. It takes in an array of arbitrarily deeply embedded subarrays and returns the same structure as input
3089: A function that computes the value of an expression based on coordinates. The input is represented as two lists, each containing one coordinate pair from -a to +b . It returns its result in real
3090: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .697 from http://www..com/conversionfactor/. This function takes one argument, which is in foot and returns its equivalent
3091: Checks if the number is an abundant. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or '+'. The function checks whether any divisor of that particular integer exists in its range
3092: A function that returns the set of elements present in either list.  It uses hash tables to keep track and avoid duplicates, then maps over it again with keys only."   [10 points
3093: Convert string to boolean. If the input is false, “true” or off/on then return true otherwise it returns as default value of bool type in scheme language."   .   ```
3094: A function that subtracts each element of the second list from its corresponding first in one way or another. If elements are not pairs, it will return an error message "Error".  The result
3095: This function takes in CSS string and converts font weights from normal to 418. It uses two helper functions, one that checks if the input contains 'norma'l weight', repl
3096: A function that takes two arguments, applies the first argument to its second.  It returns whatever it gets back from applying 'first' arguement .   This is similar in functionality with apply but
3097: A function that maps each element in the list to its corresponding value from an associative array. If no such mapping exists, it returns default_value specified as third argument .   "MapLookUp
3098: A function to compute the dot product of two lists. It uses recursion and list iteration, but it's not as efficient or straightforward in terms complexity compared with other methods like map/reduce
3099: A function to calculate the radius of gyration. The formula is derived from physics and used in computer graphics, specifically when calculating surface area or volume around an object's center point .   [
3100: A function that returns Fizzy, Buzze or the number itself. It checks if divisible by both three and five then it's friz buzz otherwise check only one of them .
3101: A function that overrides the values of parameters in an input hash with those from another given as 'Override'. The result is returned.  If there's no value to be overridden,
3102: Convert the given number of cents to money format. For example, if input is $34769 then output will be "$" + 'X'+YZWTQV
3103: Transform the point from local coordinates to world space.  The input parameters are in radians, and return values as lists of two elements representing transformed points respectively .'   }]], "code
3104: A function that takes in an array of strings and returns them as JSON.  It uses the string join method to combine all elements into one single, comma separated list with quotes around each element . The
3105: Calculates the diagonal index of an element in 3D space. The function takes two parameters, one is row and another parameter column . It returns value which represents distance from origin to point on x
3106: Checks if the first character of string is either % or . Returns true when it's one, false otherwise. Used to identify GDE labels in input files and output them as such on screen
3107: A dynamic programming implementation of the FIBonacci sequence. It uses recursion to compute fib(n). The base case is when 'a' and/or "b" are zero,
3108: Calculates the number of instances in each label.  This is used to calculate accuracy and other metrics related with classification tasks."   .    }     {      return _calculated;}}}}}"
3109: A function that generates labels.  It takes an input string and returns the same output as if it were prefixed with 'Label:' .   For example, _generate_labels("test") would
3110: Extracts the organization id from an organizational name. The function takes as input one string, which is assumed to be in format "organization/subdomain". It returns second part of
3111: A memozing function that calculates the square root of an input. It uses caching to store previously calculated values and reuses them when needed, thus saving computation time if called multiple times with
3112: Parses the given input into an array of numbers.  The function splits each line by space and converts it to number format.)" (code)_/;'s, '
3113: Count the number of diamond brackets in string. If there are more opening than closing, return false; otherwise true or count if no such pair exists at all and -count as negative value)."
3114: Calculates the difference between two timestamps in seconds. The function takes as input parameters both time stamps and returns their respective differences, considering only those that are valid ie., after January first
3115: Convert Facebook URLs to mbasic format – convert facebook urls into the equivalent of www or https://format in order not only provide correctness but also improve performance by reducing http requests and
3116: Checks if the given string ends with an underscore. If it does, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether or not strings in Python end by using _
3117: Convert an integer status to the corresponding ALDB version. If not recognized, it throws error with unknown parameter message .   Code length : ??? bytes    Lines of codes executed in total?:
3118: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and reduces problems by breaking them down into smaller subproblems until they can be solved directly using simple mathematical operations or
3119: A recursive function to add two lists element wise.  The result is another List."   [30 points] (defun sumList . ((lambda x y z w u v t
3120: Calculates the score of blackjack hand. If there is only one Ace in card, it will subtracts its value from total sum to make sure that player can get at least as close
3121: Checks if the given number is within standard logic vector range. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .  	    		   	   	 			     									       } ; end
3122: This function calculates the force of gravity between two bodies, given their masses and heights respectively in meters . The formula used is F = G * ((m1* m2)/ r^2),
3123: A function that calculates the exponent of two numbers. If they are equal, it returns zero; if one is zerp and other not then return its absolute difference to power tow . Otherwise ,
3124: Convert an unsigned integer to its binary representation in bytes. The input is expected as the argument of function convert uint .'s 'value'. It returns list with four elements representing each octet or Byte
3125: A function to generate the input parameter names.  The format is para-(param)-(position). For example, if param = 'foo' and position = 1 then it will return foo ->
3126: This function returns risk characterizations based on the inputted value of 'combined assessment'. It has four possible outcomes, with each corresponding to different levels or ranges in risks. The higher an assessed
3127: A function that collates strings into columns. It takes two arguments, the string to be collaimated and an array of width specifications indicating how much space each character in output should take up within
3128: Normalizes the input value to string or number. If it's not one of these two types, leaves as is ie., returns original values . 1st line - defines function normalizing
3129: Checks if the input is not of type string and also checks whether it's split by '/'. If both conditions are met, then returns true. Otherwise false will be returned indicating that service name
3130: A function that returns the remainder of division.  It takes two arguments, 'a' and	'n', where it calculates modulus using "%" operator in Clojure language."
3131: A function that takes one element list and returns the first nonempty subelement. If there are no more such, it throws an error message saying 'too much'.  This is equivalent to unlink
3132: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within an error margin.  If the absolute difference between them is less than or equals to 'epsilon', they're considered as being "approimately" equivalent
3133: A recursive function to generate all possible time intervals between two points.  The input is the number of full units in each period, and it generates an interval list from smallest unit upwards until no
3134: A function that returns the default parameters of an object.  It takes three arguments - current lag, sensor dictionary and simulation parameter set . The output is list containing these values in order."
3135: This function trims the input string to at most length of three characters. If it is longer than that, then return only first two and append '...' . It will not change if less or
3136: This function calculates the value of Vertical Force Fractional Momentum, which is used in fluid dynamics to calculate velocity and acceleration due on an object at rest or moving under influence by
3137: Converts the given list of strings to their corresponding ids in an existing dictionary. If no such string exists, it returns -1 as default value .  Code length :  30 characters
3138: Checks if the given theorem error message contains '^' repeated three times. If so, returns true; otherwise false." (code): checks whether or not an exception is thrown when calling function
3139: Generates all possible moves of the knight from point(x,y).  The list is ordered by increasing order. ...[END] Code snippet [/].'
3140: A function to extract the most common English word in each line of input. The result is returned as comma separated list with no spaces between them, and it also ignores empty or whitespace strings at
3141: Converts the given string to upper case and replaces all dots with underscores.  For example, 'my_code' becomes '_MY__CODE_.'. This function is used in
3142: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding CoAP status class. It is used to convert between different types of responses from/to COSEM formatting, which are not directly supported
3143: Calculates the mean of an array.  Code snippet to calculate and return average value from given list or vector in Python, Java etc..   [ ] . Mean is calculated by sum
3144: This function takes as input the location of one point in space and returns its transposed coordinates. If it is located at an angle greater than or equal to six times pi, then return -x,-
3145: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the same elements but with their absolute values. If input is null, it simply outputs nothing; if not empty then each element in output will be its corresponding
3146: A function to extract the last part of an ethernet MAC address. It splits by '-' and returns second element from end which is usually used as device name in network configuration files or similar contexts where
3147: Convert longitude to the equivalent of its complement in degrees. If it is greater than or equal, subtracts by one full circle; if less then adds another complete cycle .   Code snip
3148: A function to calculate the temperature of an electron in free space, given its frequency and mass number .   "T = h*f^(-3/2)" where T is temp ,h=
3149: A function that computes the dot product of two vectors.  It takes in as input an array/vector and another vector, then returns their scalar multiplication resultant value which is equivalent to calculating both
3150: Returns the attribute of an object. If it is 'true' then returns first argument otherwise second one .  [...]"   }}}}}}).</pre> <p><a href
3151: This function returns the probability of falling into one particular quantum state based on its value in an input parameter 'state'. The states are defined as follows -> [(= 8 . "superposition")
3152: A function to convert the classification of catalytic classes into labels.  The input is an integer representing one or more Catalan numbers, and returns corresponding string label(s). If unknown catalog number
3153: A function that calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input coordinates of any type, and returns their respective distances from each other using absolute difference calculation method."
3154: A function to calculate the luminace of an RGB value, based on specific formulae provided by WCAG standards and used in web design."  	     .   ```python ```ruby Code
3155: Sorts the list of unique bar codes in ascending order.  This is done by using builtin sort function with less than comparison operator to arrange them from smallest value first, then largest last and
3156: A function to calculate the inverse of an input number" .'s in python language."   "The result is always positive, and it represents one unit divided by its argument".    '.' means
3157: A function to check if an integer is odd. It returns true when the number given as input has no remainder, ie., it's not divisible by two; otherwise false will be returned
3158: Computes the length of an encoded version in bytes. The encoding is done by replacing each character with its ASCII value, then adding four to account that there are also three extra characters needed at end
3159: This function takes in list of strings and returns sanatized version. It splits each input field by space character, then joins them back together with no spaces between the fields."  [END]
3160: Checks if the given URL exists or not." (code).'  > /dev/null & echo $? ) then it returns true else false .} }}}}}} }} '
3161: A recursive function to reverses the string.  It uses list and cons operations instead of slicing or concatenation, which makes it more efficient in terms memory usage compared with other methods like using
3162: Generates all pairs of elements in the list.  For example, given input `'(1 . #t )` it will return output as  `'((#f t)(s f o r
3163: Adds two Quaternions. The result is another four element list representing the sum of inputted values in order x, y , z and w respectively."  	     . "Quaterion
3164: This function takes in two parameters, the file's full name and its associated Project. It then splits that string into parts based on slashes (/), removes any extra spaces or special characters using
3165: Returns the list of specification kinds.  This is used to identify what kind(ies)/type/model an object should be treated as in order that it can have its properties defined and methods invoked
3166: A recursive function that substitutes single templates in the form of {{key}}. The key is replaced with its corresponding value from an environment. If there are multiple instances, they will be grouped
3167: Returns the sort key of an entity's attributes. The first element in each list is used to determine whether it should be sorted before or after another, and second part determines its actual name/identifier
3168: Returns the list of even numbers from input.   [1,34] -> [] ,[0,-9876]] => [-],[-/+/-][ ]=>[] .
3169: Checks if the given string contains at least one upper case letter. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .'s" --->(defun isUpperCasePresent (.
3170: Flatten the list of pairs.  If an element is not pair, it's added to result directly; if its parenthesis are closed then flatened recursively until there isn’t
3171: Returns the sum of values in an array.  The input is three dimensions, and it sums all elements within that range defined by two points specified as rows & columns .'s"
3172: A function that generates the string representation of an empty tree. The number '0' is represented as '#'. For every positive integer greater than zero, it adds one more level to represent its children in
3173: A function that converts PLN to Euros or USD based on the provided rates. If no conversion is needed, it returns balance in same unit as inputted value; if wrong type of parameter
3174: Extracts the user id from JWT token. 	Input : A JSON Web Token, Output - User ID extracted as number .'  			. 'JWS header is expected
3175: Converts feet to meter using the conversion factor of .1 meters = ~  ¾ ft and returns result as output."}], "output": {"text":"The function convertFeetTo
3176: Check if an HTML string contains "maximum limit reached".  This is used to check whether or not we should continue processing. If it does, then return true; otherwise false .
3177: A function to calculate the Lasso loss.  It takes two arguments, and returns their difference's absolute value which is equivalent of lambda*sum(|x -y |)."
3178: A function to remove trailing slashes from strings. If the string is one character long, it returns an empty strin; if two characters are present and they're not forward or backward then
3179: A function to convert the amount given in bytes into other units like KB, MB etc., based on input string parameter which specifies what kind or size you want your resultant value converted from byte(s
3180: Calculates the geometric mean of solar anomalies in degrees from Julien Centuries since JC=January, year zero .'.""") ) ;; end define "SOLAR GE
3181: A function to get the last number in each string of input. If there is no such thing, it returns #f .   Code length : x characters longs.." }}}}}}`;
3182: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs with 'n' steps. The first step is always one way, second and third are two or three times as far away from
3183: Validates the input of 'get' command and returns it as an Integer if valid, else throws error message" (end)" . If value is not provided then default to all available values
3184: A function that calculates the total weight of two diameters. The diameter is multiplied by twice its width to get final result .   [END] (defun dowthto
3185: A function that performs elementwise division of two vectors. The result is another vector where each value corresponds to the quotient from dividing corresponding elements in input lists respectively, if they exist otherwise it returns
3186: Checks if the graph G is strictly dominated by another one. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true . The dominance relation between two graphs on n vertices and edge weights can
3187: This function returns the adjoint of an input string. If it is bioinformatics, then appends 'rbi' to its end and vice versa." .; -
3188: This function is used to find the path from one node in an unweighted graph. It uses depth first search algorithm and returns all paths of length equal or less than n, where each element represents
3189: A recursive function that converts an integer to its binary representation.  The input is the list of bits, and it returns their corresponding binaries as strings in reverse order . e..g.,
3190: Normalizes the given atom or subexpressions to their equivalent normalized form. This function is used in conjunction with other functions that normalise expressions, such as those found within the Scheme interpreter'
3191: Returns the value of 'custom' setting in either provided configuration or defaults to given parameter.  If not found, it returns "Default" .   Type : Function , Parameters -> dict*
3192: A function to save file.  It takes one argument, the modus of operation which can be either E or D . If it is equal "e" then return true else if its not equals
3193: Returns the input if it is not an empty list. Otherwise, returns #t .  This function checks whether or no given argument represents any nonempty sequence of characters in Racket language and return true
3194: This function returns the number of signals between two characters. It counts how many times one character is followed by another, but not both or neither are present in sequence."   }]], "code":
3195: Computes the difference between two data structures.  If one of them is not list or vector, it returns an error message and exits program execution with status value -1 .   The result will
3196: Checks if the search string starts with /. If not, it returns true; otherwise false .  	    		   	   	 			     									       } ; end of function checkSearchQuery
3197: Convert all upper case characters in the string to their corresponding 13th character of ASCII table. If it's not an alphabetic letter, leave as is and return original char
3198: Returns the elements of 'input' that are at position "position" with odd index. The function is used to get all bits in an integer representation and returns only those which have even indices, i
3199: A function to encrypt passwords using Caesar ciphers. The shift is determined by the last character of each word in input, and then applied across all characters within that same length grouping."
3200: Checks if the given string is one of three possible profiles used in DecaSAR. 3 Profiles are 'Point', '_DMap' and'_DRadius'. It checks whether
3201: Checks if the given UID exists in all keys. If it does, returns true; otherwise false."   }}}}}} . "} }} )" ,,, "")} ;;" : {
3202: Returns the list of supported operating systems that can be used as compute resources.  The function is called with an argument specifying which type or kind scheduling system to query about, and returns one element from
3203: Checks if two numbers have the same sign. If they are both positive or negative, returns true; otherwise false .   Code is based on Python's implementation of checking whether one integer divides
3204: A function that adds two vectors. If the vector's length is not equal, it throws an error message stating their difference in size and returns null value; otherwise return sum of both inputted lists
3205: Check the size of an array or list in Python, and return it if valid; otherwise throw error message with invalid argument details .   [END] Code snippet to check whether given number n
3206: This function takes in an input data set and returns the first item of each list.  It is used to presequence lists by removing duplicates from them, thus preserving order but keeping only unique items
3207: Removes the specified list of 'custum' or non standard English stop/punctuation from input string.  It also converts all letters to lower case and removes punctuations,
3208: A function that checks if two numbers are within an error margin of 'epsilon'.  The difference between the first and second number is calculated, then compared to "e" which represents our desired precision.
3209: A function that filters out small word from the given tweets. It checks if each character of string is alphaphet or numeri and returns only those which are not in these categories, otherwise
3210: Normalizes the name of log files. If file's length is more than or equal to three and starts with 'log', it returns original string, else appending '_LOG'.   .
3211: Code to get the value of an object from its parent. If it is part or composites, return all values in that case else just one field's data .  [END]  ```
3212: This function marks the end of lines with periods if they are not already followed by an ACT. If there is no such period, it appends . to them and adds Stage dir before their name in
3213: Checks if the arguments are used without any argument.  If no arguements or only one is provided, it returns true; otherwise false." (provide/_unexport _check
3214: Adds an annotation box on the screen. The parameters are used as labels and text inside it, with options like color of font/background etc., border width & style settings along side capturing events
3215: Parses the first three characters of string to form an ISBN. If not valid, returns nil; otherwise return parsed isbn as symbol . eg parse 'abc' => ?Book1_.
3216: Retrieves the slots of an intents. 1st level slot is always 'intent' and its value will be returned as it should .   The second Level Slot can also exist in
3217: Converts latitude and longitute strings to numbers. The input is assumed as comma separated values of the form 'Lat,Lon'. It returns two elements - first one being Latitide
3218: A function that rounds up the number to nearest multiple of given integer.  If remainder is zero then it returns original value else adds one more unit until its divisible by 'm'.   .
3219: Calculates the quotient of two numbers. 1st number is subtracted from second and then divided by first to get resultant value which represents ratio between them .   "Quot" in
3220: A function that underlines the input string.  It is used to make it look like an overlined or highlighted line in some output formats such as HTML, LaTeX etc..   .
3221: This function takes an api string and returns the first part of it.  It splits on '-' character to get package name from APIs . If there is no such split, then throws error
3222: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in parameters and returns the sum of those values as output." (check if it works with some test cases, e..g., add (-
3223: Generates an id string from file system name and index.  The format is 'fsName:' followed by the mdIndex .'.'"   ". It returns combined strings as output."     Example
3224: A function that takes in two arguments, 'd' and the key list. It returns an association of values from dictionary based on provided lists as input to destructures it into individual elements . If any
3225: Checks if the given spec is empty.  If it's an atom, returns #true; otherwise return false or nil depending on whether there are any elements in list that satisfy condition specified by
3226: A function that sums all the elements of list 'lis' which are divisible by number "n" in Python. The sum is calculated without considering numbers ending with digit three .   [Solution
3227: Calculates the total length of all fingers in an arm. It takes as input one argument, which is expected to be dictionary representing finger positions on each side and returns summed up lengths from these d
3228: Checks if an element is in the list. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .   [1 point] (provide/contract ([item any]) => boolean?)    )
3229: A function to generate the gray coding of an integer. The input is incremented by one and then XOR'd with its half until it becomes zero, which results in all possible Gray codes from
3230: Generates the USK file name from an SSK. The string is appended with .usks and then followed by /path/to/. This function takes two parameters, ssck as input
3231: Calculates the tax deductions based on various inputs. The function takes in several parameters and calcula...'s out of them to calculate I/T AX, which is an annual income
3232: A function to remove duplicated elements from list. It uses helper recursive method and reverse the resultant sequence of non duplicate element in original order .   "Remove Duplicate" is an operation that
3233: A function to get the number of lines in string. It uses recursion and iteration, but it'll only count one line at time due its nature as an iterative process rather than counting all
3234: This function generates the filename of protein files based on input parameter or default name if not provided  .   It is used to generate statistics about proteins from different sets in one file, which can be processed
3235: A function that computes the gradient of sigmoide activation. It is used in backpropagation algorithm to train neural networks." (defun sgd .*f gt))
3236: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .'s and it calculates
3237: Checks if the given object has any of '{" $ schema ",	" + '" definitions "' or	'+'" properties"' in its key set. If yes, returns true else false .   Code
3238: Convert date string to integers. If the input is not valid, return #F; otherwise convert and output it as three separate numbers representing years months days respectively."   . "Convert given data into integer
3239: Checks if the command line arguments are provided. If yes, returns True else False .   [END] Code snippet to be added in your solution file or document as per requirement of task
3240: A function to validate the placement on an empty chessboard. It checks whether or not it's possible given current state, ie., all pieces are placed correctly in their respective rows/columns
3241: Generates an enumeration of all the keys in given list.  The result is then used to generate .h file with enum declaration and initialization function, which can be included into your project's
3242: Generates an id from the given url. The function takes as input one parameter, which is assumed to be of type string and represents either http or https links; it returns its last part after removing
3243: Remove all non alphanumeric characters from the resource id.  This is used to ensure that only valid, unique identifiers can be generated and stored in our database or other data structures."
3244: A function that takes an id and its corresponding list of user reviews as input, returns the number or count associated with it.   .    "ID" is used to identify users in our system;
3245: Validates an input as Observation.  If the provided argument is not of type dict, it raises exception with message invalid_input .   It returns that validated value if true otherwise throws
3246: A function that generates an identity matrix of size 'n'. The elements on the main diagonal are ones and all other cells contain zeros. This is done by mapping over each row in range(size
3247: This function checks if the input is one of four resilience policy levels. If it's not, then an error message will be displayed and program execution terminated with exit status (-1).
3248: Generates an URL to the given Google Cloud Platform compute engine resource.  The format is projects/{PROJECT ID}/zon... .   This function can be used in conjunction with other GCP services
3249: Checks if the first character of string is digit. If it's not, then checks rest characters recursively until all digits are found or no more to check . Returns count as number which
3250: A function that returns the reciprocal of its input if it's positive, otherwise return itself as is .   [END] Code : leLu(X).[START][LENGTH
3251: A function that performs floor division of two numbers.  It returns the largest integer less than or equal to halfway between them, rounded downwards if they are not both integers and evenly divided by
3252: A function that performs linear interpolation.  It takes three parameters - the value to be inserted, and two points of interest in an array or list which define its range/domain . The result is
3253: This function checks the road's current speed limit. It returns one of several categories based on its actual value, indicating how fast it can travel at that particular intersection or not depending upon whether there is
3254: Generates the CEID string to be used in Google Translate API.  The format is ?countrycode:(language). For example, us:-en or de::de etc... . This will
3255: Returns the line number of an occurrence in 'file'. If not found, returns '-1'.".   [END] Code snippet to get start index and end Index from list .[
3256: Check if the given list of arguments contains -H or --Help flag and return true when found else false (define check on one line). Code checks whether an argument is present in that array
3257: A function to calculate the Stirlings numbers. It is used in combinatorial mathematics and probability theory, particularly related with binomial coefficients or stirlings's formula which relates number of ways we
3258: A function that subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the vector 'w' and another one, then returns their difference as new Vector .   "(vector of differences)"    Example :
3259: Transforms keys of dictionary or list according to the given transformation function. If no transformations are provided, returns original data unchanged; if lambda is used as key transformer then it applies that on each element
3260: A function that takes two scale factors and returns the maximum of their product. If one or both are zero, it will return double its other value if not equal to zeros .   [...]"
3261: Implements the Bellmann equation to calculate expected future rewards.  It takes in three parameters - current state value, discount factor and target's predicted values of all possible actions from that particular states .
3262: A function to generate the name of denormalized care.  The input is two numbers, representing dimensions and depth respectively; it concatenates these with prefixes 'car' followed by '_'.
3263: A function that returns the neighbors of an inputted binary number.  The result is calculated by performing OR operation with two's complement version and AND operations on it to get all possible combinations from original
3264: Checks if the given integer is power of two. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true." Code snippet to test function with some examples :(test "
3265: A function that returns the bounding box of circle. The boudning is represented as two points in form [(x1 y1), ..., (, xnyn)] where n = number
3266: Convert string to bool.  If the input is either 'TRUE', or one of ['T','YES'], then return true, else if it's false/no ('FALSE') , otherwise
3267: A function that adds two numbers together, but only if the third number is greater than zero and less or equal to one . If not it throws an error message with its argument value in case of invalid
3268: A function that multiplies each element of the matrix by vector 'v' and returns new Matrix.  It uses map to apply lambda on every rows in given list, then applies summation operation
3269: Generates sequences used in helm test.  .  ```"    })))))).'() '(lambda () (. (( lambda x : if not nil?(.x.) then cons
3270: Converts an list of frequencies from the format produced by ABCDEntry to Hertz. This function takes in one argument, which is supposedly another data structure that contains lists with five
3271: Checks if player 1 wins the game of rock, paper scissiors. If true then returns 'player_one' else return ''(empty string). It checks whether Player One has played
3272: A recursive function to calculate the sum of halved elements in an input list. The base case is when there's only one element left, and it returns that value directly without further processing;
3273: Calculates the area of regular polygon given its length and height.   [1 point]    .easy to read, simple solution with no complex calculations involved in it.. easy syntax only requires two
3274: This function takes an input string and returns the name of employees along with their working days.  It uses '==' to split by equals sign, then trims any leading or trailing whitespace
3275: Checks if the first character of string is hexadecimal digit. (END SUMMARY).   Code snippet to be used in other parts or as part on your own project.)
3276: A function that builds and returns the string representation of an array.  The input is tokenized by spaces, then joined into one long sentence with space between each word .   For example : (#(
3277: A function that takes two arguments, string and integer. If the length of inputted 's' is less than or equal to given number then it append space till its size reaches required limit else return
3278: A function to escape special characters in string. It replaces &, < , > and ' with their respective HTML entities . For example it will replace all the spaces between two word by non breaking space
3279: Convert string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or t then return True; if it's no/null otherwise false and vice versa . For example strToBool("Yes")
3280: Checks if the string is palidromic. A word or phrase that reads same backward as forward, ignoring spaces and punctuation . e..g "A man ,a plan,.s
3281: A function that filters the list of restaurants based on their prices and matching with given criteria.  It takes three parameters - price, restaurant's type to be matched by its cost or similarities in
3282: Checks if the output of gaussian optimization program is converging. 1 means it's not, and ->0<=>+9 then yes . It checks whether there exists line in
3283: Check if two strings are permutations of each other. If they're, return #t; otherwise - returns false or nil depending on the input types and lengths respectively..   .    Code is
3284: Creates an experiment identifier.  The format is "<experiment network name > _ <num layers> < - neuron count in the hidden layer( s ) of each neural net, and so
3285: Parses the species name from an input string. If it is one of hg[a,b] or mm/z[m], returns its abbreviation; otherwise return default value which
3286: This function takes two lists of assignments and constructs an ordered matrix from them. The rows are matched based on the assignment values in each list, with no duplicates allowed within any row to avoid redund
3287: Convert given number of min to human readable time format. e,g., convert(3489); returns '7d1hr'. ...'s" . ${code}
3288: A function that adds two vectors. It takes in the coordinates of both vector and returns their sum as another list."   [END] Code snippet to test your implementation with some examples
3289: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can choose elements from an array. The formula is used in combinatorics, specifically combinations and permutations which are important concepts when dealing with arrays
3290: Defines the function setBit which sets one specific position in an integer. The input is two parameters, firstly it's to be updated number and second parameter represents that particular index where we want
3291: Convert string to integer. If the input is not valid, return as it was given ie., if no conversion possible then returns original value of 'input'.  .   - atoi function conver
3292: Replace all occurrences of constants in the string with their corresponding values. This function is used to replace constant expressions like 'c[i],' and so on, within an inputted text
3293: A function that takes three lists as input and returns their zipped version. If one of the list is empty, it will return an emtpy resultant zipperd pairing with other two
3294: A function that checks if the given URL contains any of specified keyword. If yes, it returns True else False  . It uses recursion to check each key word in sequence from leftmost one and
3295: Convert Hexadecimal to RGB. Code snippet that converts the given input into its equivalent rgb representation in terms of numbers . Input is expected as an argument and it returns list
3296: A function that converts input to boolean. If the string is 'True', it returns true, if its equivalent in lower case as ‘False’ or number representation of zero then false and all
3297: Converts strings to booleans. If the input is already of type bool, it returns as such; otherwise conversts lower case version into true or false and throws an error if not
3298: Create pixel data structure.  This function takes an integer and returns the corresponding RGBA values as list of integers in range [(minInt), maxint].   The input is expected to be within
3299: A function that converts numbers to letters. It starts from 'a' and goes upto the letter of number given as input, if it exceeds then it wraps around again starting with "z
3300: Returns true if the object is an end of array.  Otherwise, returns false or nil .   "Ends" are used to mark where arrays stop being filled in memory."    This function was
3301: Returns the value of an object's JSON entry. If it doesn’t exist, throws error message with given name and location information about where to look at first .  [10 points]
3302: This function returns the directory where AVALON work is being done. If it's not set, then current working dir will be returned." (defun getenvironemnt .
3303: Generates the appropriate access level based on whether or not it is public.  If private, then returns explicit; if unknown/not specified return default value of #t .   This function will be
3304: Returns the value of N's rightmost set bits.   Code snippet to be used in other parts or as part on your own project." --->(defun getNTh
3305: Checks if the given list of strings contains 'covid – -' tag. If yes, returns true; otherwise false." --->(defun hasCovIdTag p
3306: Compute the cross product of two three dimensional points in space using only basic arithmetic operations and no builtin functions or procedures like dot, length etc.. The input is assumed to always have at least
3307: A function to get the number of digits in an integer. It uses recursion and division by ten until it reaches zero, then returns total count as output .   "GetNumberOfDigit
3308: Creates an indicator of the type level. 1 = error,  0= note , -3 =  convention and warning . The function takes in parameter 'ptype' which is to be checked
3309: Check if an argument is constant integer. If it's none or nonconstant then throw error message; otherwise return true .   [END] Code:. ##[BEGIN][code].## END
3310: Compare two JSON objects. If they are equal, return true; otherwise false."   }}}}}} . ")"} ]]]"}]])"]") )""".replace("\\n", "\
3311: Checks if the given string is void. A "Void" in programming refers to an empty state or absence of value, which can be represented by null values and zeroes respectively." (
3312: A function that repeats the application of its first argument to itself. The number and result are specified by second arguments respectively, until zero is reached in which case it returns initial value given as third one
3313: Checks if the sides of triangle are valid.  Returns false or true depending on whether it is possible to form such triangles with given side lengths, ie., they can exist in real world
3314: A function to perform cross matching on names. It can be used in various programming languages like Python, Rackt and others by defining the language specific functions first before calling it with appropriate parameters as per
3315: A function to perform binary search on an ordered list of numbers. It returns the position if found, else it will return zero." (defun findPositionOfElementInList . ) -
3316: A function that calculates the value of f(x). The input is multiplied by an offset and then subtracted from its original. This results in negative values, which are mapped to positive numbers
3317: A function that removes line end characters from the input string.  It does so by filtering out any character in 'data' which is not equal to '\n'. This makes it possible, as many
3318: This function converts voltage to degree of the given frequency in terms on one harmonic oscillator'sinusoidal oscillation." --->(defun dostavlja/vremens
3319: A function that takes three numbers and an intensity scale as input, then returns the lighter version of color by reducing its RGB values according to given 'factor'. The result is returned in list format with integer
3320: This function returns 'M' if the input number is greater than or equal to one hundred and thirty, otherwise it will return either an uppercase letter m ('W') in case of less then ten
3321: A function to calculate the rest frame width of an object in 3D space, given its length and angle with respect ot horizontal axis at any point on it's surface .   "x"
3322: A function to check if the given filename is ignored.  It uses an optional list of files that should be considered as "hidden" or not present in any way, and checks whether it's
3323: Clean sentences in the given input.  Input is assumed to be plaintext and cleaned by removing punctuation, converting all characters into lowercase etc., but does not handle contractions or other complexities
3324: Checks if all elements of the first list are in other.  If yes, returns true; otherwise false." Code is used to check whether every element from one given set exists within
3325: Analyzes the data drifting in datasets. (define ((lambda xs . (#1#xs))) '()) )  ==> Nil ;; True if there is no such thing
3326: Converts the given input into dictionary format.  It takes in an array of key value pairs and returns it as hash table or dictonary object .   "(key,value)" pair
3327: A recursive function to calculate the power of number using Fermats little theorem. It is used in cryptography and computer science, where it's necessary because calculating large powers can be slow or even
3328: Checks if the given player is on all diagonals of an equilateral triangle.  If so, returns #true; otherwise return false .   The function takes as input two parameters -
3329: This function takes in two arguments, an array of rows and the maximum number –max. It then maps over every row to check if its length is less than or equal -maxi . If
3330: Converts the coordinates of each vertex in all rings within an array. It maps over every ring and then map again to convert them into exact numbers, finally mapping back through converting from decimal number format
3331: A function that checks if the given word is in any of its constituent parts.  If it's not, then return false; otherwise true .   It uses recursion to check all possible
3332: A function that converts the input string to lower case if 'asLowerCase' is true, otherwise it will convert into upper.  It uses conditional expressions in Lisp language .   "(
3333: A function to generate the grants list. It takes two parameters, one is number of requests and another parameter indicates whether it'll be first request or not(default as false). If there are no
3334: Returns the size of an object in bytes. The result is rounded to nearest whole number as it's not possible with fractional values . Parameter :volume -> Size or Volume value that needs
3335: Removes all spaces and tabs from the input string. The function is recursive, so it will continue to call itself until there are no more characters left in your original text file that need removing of
3336: A function to convert time in secs into human readable format. It uses quotients and remainders of division by the number system, then converts these values back from decimal numbers using string concaten
3337: This function calculates the chunking factor based on given parameters. It scales down or up depending upon whether it is necessary to reduce, increase ,or maintain current capacity of data transfer in network request .
3338: Returns the value of element at index 'q' in list with respect to order 1. The function takes four arguments - two lists and an integer, returning one number as output." ---
3339: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do, returns true; otherwise false .   Interval is defined as an interval of real numbers with lower and upper bounds inclusive." (code)"
3340: A function that subtracts one from the first argument and then multiplies it by another. The result is returned as output of your program'd .   Code should be in English, not Python
3341: A function to remove the trailing numerics from string. If no such character exists, it returns original input as is." Code snippet -> "(defun trim--
3342: A function to get an element from the graph. It uses recursion and backtracking until it finds its position in case of multi graphs."    .' |]])]]])))))). '
3343: Convert all the characters in variable to title case.  If it's not possible, return an empty string or raise exception if necessary .
3344: Checks if the given section is valid. It should have exactly two elements, and both of them are strings or numbers that represent some kind form data in memory."
3345: This function calculates the final velocity of an object with given parameters.  It takes into account that objects are accelerating and deceleration over their entire journey, hence it uses simple physics formula to
3346: Convert RGB color to grayscale.   Code snippet that converts an input of three numbers from the range [(R,G),(B)] into its equivalent gray scale value in decimal
3347: Returns all the items in 'unit' list that have '_price', or if not present, it returns only those with _name.  It filters out any item which is either of type "Design
3348: Convert Landsat URL to S3 pathname format using USGS landsat lookup service'S .  Converts the input LandSatURL into an equivalent string that can be used as part
3349: Analyze character sequences in the given string. It finds all possible three characters combinations that are present within it and returns them as list of strings, if they exist otherwise return an empty array or false respectively
3350: Checks if all characters in the given input are numerics. If yes, returns #T; otherwise it will return false and indicate that not every character is numerical .'s"   }]
3351: Removes hyphenated strings from the input list.  Input is split by ' ', and then each string in turn gets replaced with its non-" ". This results into an output that can be joined
3352: Solves the problem of increasing and decreasing sequences. It counts how many times there are three consecutive numbers that increase or decrease from one to another in an input sequence, then returns count as output . If
3353: Checks if the first character of two strings are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise checks recursively with remaining characters in both string(s). Returns true only when all
3354: Extracts the user id from JWT token' s PayLoad.  This function is used to get User ID in every request made by client after login/authentication .  	."
3355: A function that handles the conversion of years to their century. It takes into account if they are greater than or less then specific values and adjusts accordingly." ---END OF CODE---\
3356: A function to determine the kind of axes in an image. The input is assumed as string and returns one outof three possible values - 'p', or probabilistic, if it's
3357: Checks if all elements in the list are unique.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." Code is checking whether each element of given digit sequence exists as an item within its
3358: A function that rounds the input to nearest multiple of given number.  If it is already divisible by 'size', returns as same value, else adds extra rounding needed until its next closest integer
3359: Calculates the miles per gasoline consumed by car.  Inputs are starting and ending mileage, along with number of fueled trips in liters or other units used to travel between those two
3360: This function filters the input points based on their values and returns them after applying some transformations depending upon whether they are less than or greater equal to certain value, then applies another transformation if not . The filter
3361: Converts binary to decimal using bitwise operations in Scheme programming language." --->(1, "Conversion of Binary number into Decimal")<--'    }}}
3362: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, and it returns one otherwise return sum of previous numbers in fibonacci
3363: Returns the indices of items in an expression list.  If no item is selected, returns nil; otherwise it will return all indexed values from runtime context with current selection set to be that particular value
3364: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, in which case it returns that number directly and stops further calculation; otherwise return
3365: Finds the URL of YouTube Channel associated with an Item object in Python 3." (def findChannelUrl .item )" -> Returns youtube url from given video or playlist id
3366: Transposes the list of lists.  For example, ((1 . #t), (#f ,3 ),(4,.7)). =>((#F.,  6.), (.T,(9.)
3367: Calculates the remainder of summing up all powers from 'd' to '.stop.' with given power. The result is calculated using modular arithmetic, ie., it wraps around after reaching
3368: Checks if all elements in the given '(list)' are true.  If not, returns false; otherwise return True .   Code is used to check whether or no list contains any element that
3369: Checks if one end of two rectangles overlap.  If so, returns 'true'. Otherwise -> "false".   Inputs are the coordinates(x1 ,y1), and co
3370: Checks if the given file is an example DAG.  This function checks whether or not it contains .exampledag extension in its name and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition
3371: This function takes in the file system's full or partial paths and returns only its last component.  It is used to get just filename from absolute/relative Path . e..g : /home
3372: Returns the exit information of an execution.  [...]" . $1; }' --> getExitInfo(jobReportDictionary); }; then echo -e "\n\034s
3373: A function that swaps the values of two links. The result is half as fast, but with opposite signs and inversely proportional to their original speeds." --->(defun swapL
3374: A function to parse string into float or number if possible, else return zero .   Code snippet : #lang racket/base    Inputs and Output of the Function - The input is
3375: A function that returns the first valid entry in an ordered dictionary.  It uses recursion to search through nested dictionaries and lists until it finds one with value or if there are no more keys left
3376: A recursive function to join strings in list.  The base case is when the input string length equals zero, then return an empty String; otherwise it will append first element and call itself with remaining
3377: A recursive function that reverses the order of elements in an input list. If it encounters pairs, then each element within those pair is also processed; if encountered with integers only returns them as
3378: Calculates the correlation coefficient between two variables.  The result is then used to determine if multivariable analysis should be performed or not, based on whether it's possible that these values could potentially
3379: A function to solve quadratic equations.  The equation is of the form ax^2 +bx  +c = 0 .   It takes three parameters - coefficients and returns roots if they exist, else it
3380: A function that merges two lists by comparing the last elements of each pair. If they are equal, it appends them to their respective pairs and removes one element from both sides; otherwise if not
3381: A function that gets the text of all paragraph elements in an HTML page.  It uses BeautifulSouper to parse and filter out non block level tags, then maps over each tag' s content
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers. If the first number in each pair is greater than or equal to second, return true; otherwise false." (defun comparepai .sxrs/
3383: Merge two lists into one. If the length of 'src' is less than that and vice versa, it will append all elements from longer list to shorter ones in order until they are equal
3384: Checks if the input is valid social security number. A SSN must be exactly ten digits, and it should not contain any hyphens (-)." . "   ") ) ;; end
3385: Returns the user part of an email address.  If no CNAME is provided, returns #F .   The function splits by '/' and then takes only first element which represents username in case
3386: A recursive function to calculate the maximum value of observation. The input is an integer and two matrices, one with break points at each level in depth; another representing observations on different levels within these depths
3387: Computes the number of elements in each level/depth within an array. (Note that it counts all levels, not just one.)"   . -> getGridSize function computess
3388: A function to escape semicolons in strings. It replaces each occurrence of ";;" with %3b and keeps other characters as is."   . Please note that the output will be different from
3389: Returns all input files in the current directory that are part of any given list.  If no such file exists, it returns an empty set."   }]], "code": [{"@type
3390: Calculates the percentage difference between two EUROPEAN values. 	Inputs are DELTA VALUE, MINIMUM EU ROYALTY RATE and MAX IMINOR
3391: Transform the given string into list of strings.  The input is assumed to be in csv format and each element should form one item on output List .   For example, if we have '
3392: This function takes in an input and applies the sigmoide activation to it, which is used commonly as part of neural networks."   . "The output will be between zero(close towards negative infinity
3393: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI NUMBER. The base cases are when 'number' is less than or equal one, in which case it returns that value
3394: Convert string to hexadecimal. Code snippet that converts the input character set into its equivalent in Hex format using ASCII values of characters as their numeric representation."   [
3395: A function to match two strings by abbreviating the shorter one. If they are equal, returns #true; otherwise it tries matching with substrings of both and finally return whether or not there is any
3396: A function to compute the tangent of an angle in radians, but with two different signs depending on whether that input is positive or negative and if it'd be zero then return one else another
3397: A recursive function to check if the string has balanced parentheses. It uses lambda functions and let rec in Haskell style syntax, with an accumulator parameter that keeps track of open
3398: Generates the name of an output file based on input parameters – Model Name, Language Code and File Extension . Txt Gz format is used as it's common to compress text files in
3399: Parses the data from multiple genes and their associated ranges. It takes in two parameters, one is list of genomic locations which are represented as lists with first element being chromosome name followed
3400: A function that converts RGB color values to grayscale. The input is an integer between [0,1] and the output will be also in range of integers from[min_gray ,
3401: Generates the URL to access private methods.  For example, if you have an object with name 'obj' and it has two public properties named prop1 &prop;and ;public property .
3402: Checks if the file is an original dendritic cell.  If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true .   [END] Code:. Check whether or no one has
3403: A function to update the state of an OS Service.  It takes three parameters - 'action' and two other strings, which are used as identifiers in HTTP requests . The actions can be either
3404: Looks up the security Group ID in an EC2 instance.  If not found, returns false; otherwise return Security Groups Id .   It uses VPC id and name to find out if
3405: Returns the scadar rate of trading if it exists, else returns false.   .    Code snippet to be used in other parts or scripts that need access/use these functions."
3406: Finds the first occurrence of an element in ascending order within given 'window' size. If not found, returns '-1'. The function takes three parameters; input list/array and search value
3407: Computes the log probability density function of Beta distribution with parameters α and μ, given by P(X = x | µ). The result is -β/α * lgamma
3408: Returns the intersection of two bounds. The first element is max(x, y), and second one min((z),(w)). This function takes in four parameters - upper left xy coordinates pair from
3409: Computes receptor field pool size. ;;"s" is the number of shifts, "kernel", and it'll be multiplied by itself to get more points in case there are overlapping
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to str. 1/3 of the total output is converted into text and other two third are ignored .'	; } ; ')) )"   ")"
3411: Counts the number of edges in an array.  This is done by summing up all elements within each subarray, resulting from applying 'length' to every element inside that particular "link"
3412: A function that returns the list of elements in "input" which match with given value from another filtered/filtered element.  It uses recursion to traverse through both lists simultaneously and return matching
3413: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm, which is based on division and subtraction until it reaches an equality where one
3414: This function takes in the city name and returns it with 'Mt.' before if not already present.  It is used to fix mount names from reports or other data sources that may have different capital
3415: A function to generate an abbreviated monitor name.  It takes the full version of Monitor's Name and returns its shorter form, which is 'EMonitor'.   .    The original author
3416: Convert the inputted comma separated list into an internal representation.  If empty or null, return error message and exit program; otherwise convert to symbol table format .   [1pt]    on line
3417: A function to calculate the luminance of an RGB or CMYK value. The formula used is based on human perception and it's not perfect, but gives good results in many cases.""
3418: A function that rounds down the number to its nearest multiple of given 'factor'.  For example, roundDown(10.6789 ,3 ) would return  4 . If you
3419: A function that returns the default object if it is not provided.  Otherwise, return its current state as an argument of 'obj'.  	     .   		     			      										.
3420: Prints the selected post' information. It takes as input an array with posts and prints out specific details about each one, such like its ID or title if it matches given 'choice'. If no
3421: A function to format the data type.  It checks if it's 'doubles', then returns f, otherwise check whether its an integer and return q accordingly; else throw error message stating
3422: Traditionally, the constant is found in terms of the number and type. For example 'pi' or "e". However it has been replaced by other constants like epsilon which represents small positive quantities
3423: A function to get the alias of programming language from its fullname.  If no match found, return original input as it is .   Code snippet : `(code:(defun (.
3424: A function that italics the inputted text.  It checks if its argument is not of type 'STRING', and raises an exception in such case, otherwise it appends '_' before & after
3425: This function splits the dictionary into its individual entries.  It is used to convert Neotoma's data structure, which includes dictionaries and lists in it’d be more conveniently dealt
3426: Merge two lists in ascending order. If one list is empty, return the other as result; if both are nonempty and their first elements compare equal to eachother then merge rest of them
3427: A recursive function that generates the first N zeroes in an arithmetic sequence. The input is represented as U, and it returns all zeros up to but not including index "U". For
3428: A function that checks if the length of input string is between two and four hundred. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code snippet : #lang racket/
3429: Checks if any item in the list 'items' is present within string ‘test’. If yes, returns true; otherwise false .
3430: Toggles the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number "val". If it was set, resets to unset. Otherwise sets and returns new value .   [END]
3431: Checks if the given operator is one of comparison operators. 1/6th percentile in terms on whether or not it's an arithmetic operation that can be performed with two numbers,
3432: Calculates the relation between two numbers. If both are zero, returns ‘Zero’; otherwise it calcula… .'s absolute value of difference and divides by summed values in order
3433: This function takes an application's file path as input and returns the last part of that string.  It does so by splitting it into segments based on '.' character, then returning its second to
3434: A recursive function to calculate the fibonacci sequence. It uses memoization, which is an optimization technique used primarily in dynamic programming solutions where overlapping subproblems are solved multiple times
3435: Create list from input. If the argument is not valid, raise an exception with message 'input must be either empty or contain only one element that's also type str'.  Otherwise return as it
3436: Checks if the given string is in win condition. If it'll be true, returns #t else false . It checks whether all characters are alphapets or not and also counts how
3437: Generates RGB color at given position on the rgb "wheels" or hue/saturation curve. The input is an integer between [4,6] which represents one of two
3438: A function that calculates the inner product of two lists. The input is assumed to be sorted strings, and each string in list represents an integer number from zero upwards by one unit step at time
3439: Returns the list of divisor numbers. The function takes an integer as input and returns its all possible factors in form array/list . It uses lambda to define anonymous functions, filter is used with
3440: A recursive function that removes vowels from the inputted text. It uses helper functions to check each character in order and only keeps those characters which are not one of our specified ones, then conver
3441: Returns the number of coefficients needed to represent n degrees. For example, coeff(3);; returns "4" because it needs four terms in an equation like x^0 + 7x -
3442: Removes the word 'additional' and any following content from every line of input string.  It is used to clean up an email message where additional information may be included in it, such as
3443: Checks if the list is empty or contains only spaces.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length :10 lines - done by Surya Prasad Kum
3444: Returns the color as list of floats in RGBA format, where each float is between [1/n] and [-(infinity)] or infinity if it's not provided by user
3445: Checks if the input is valid timeout and returns it in seconds, otherwise throws an error message .   [END] Code:.   1st line checks whether given argument has positive real part or not
3446: A function that calculates the quartics ease out effect. It takes in an input position and returns its easing value based on Quartz's formula, which is f(x)->0
3447: Validates if the input is dictionary with two or three elements in list. If yes, then it checks whether all values are either numbers and symbols except infinitesimal number; otherwise returns false else
3448: A function that masks an IP address with respect to the given network mask. The input is two parameters - 'ip' and its corresponding subnet/prefix length, which determines how much of it
3449: A function that multiplies each element of the vector by scalar.  It uses map to apply lambda on every item in list and returns new resultant vectors .
3450: A function that returns the integer value of an input parameter. The result is calculated by rounding down to nearest whole number, and then multiplied with maximum possible values in percentage form given as argument .
3451: Checks if the given input is palidromic. A word, phrase or number that reads same backward as forward e..g "madam" , it's called PalinDorm
3452: This function takes an integer input and returns the corresponding three bit binary representation. It is used to convert from decimal number system into its equivalent in base two, which are called bits or nybbles
3453: A function to calculate the CGX value.  The input parameters are as follows ->	N, Ω ,k .l.,m,.u and	f; where	.f is an offset
3454: Checks if the given string contains either domain or service. If it does, then checks whether that segment is in list of valid formats (.e., .com). Returns true/false accordingly."
3455: A function that strips the given string from its beginning until it matches with provided one. If no match found, an error will be thrown .   [END] Code:.   ```    `` `(
3456: Limits the coordinates of an input bounding box to be within specific ranges (-π, +π). This is done by applying two conditions on each coordinate and limiting it between specified limits if necessary .
3457: Checks if the argument is one of four cardinal directions.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Code length :10 lines    Test cases to validate your solution are as follows -> e(
3458: Convert string to index.  For example, convert 'abc' into the number corresponding with its binary representation which is then used as an input in some function or operation." ---}}}}}/
3459: Defines function to swap first two elements of list. 1st element becomes the last, and second remains in its original position . Returns new swapped List as output.. (Ab is
3460: A recursive function that generates the first N numbers in an infinite sequence of ones. The input is integer, and returns list with these number(s)." Code snippet to
3461: Convert string to list of strings. The input is the comma separated values in one line, and it returns each value as an element on its own separate lines."   [END] Code snippet
3462: A recursive implementation to generate FIBONACCI series upto nth term." (defun make_average #| This program calculates average from two numbers |# )
3463: Translate the given type of subsets to their corresponding names.  If no match is found, default it as 'Best'.   . Code snippet : translateSubsetType(“Max”
3464: Sort the list in ascending order using only two numbers. The first number is always zero, second one either zeros or ones and third can be any other value depending on what was previously set to
3465: This function converts the given list of numbers into an integer. It calculates and returns how far off from halfway it is in terms on absolute value, as per problem statement." . "")
3466: A function to check if an integer is prime. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm, which generates all numbers upto 'n' and marks off multiples thereof by setting
3467: A recursive function to generate the shape of triangle. The base case is when h = 3, it returns 'xxx'. For other values greater than or equal two return string concatenation with previous result
3468: A function that replaces all whitespace characters in the string with underscores.  It is used to create unique filenames from strings of text data, which are often required when saving files
3469: Finds the maximum value in list.  If input is empty, returns an error message (-1). Else if there're only one element left then return that as max and else find out
3470: Augments the features of an input list or vector. If 'augm...' is provided, it applies augmentations to each element in sequence and returns new sequences; otherwise just return original inputs if
3471: This function takes the string representation of an OSIsoft Docs Version and returns it as integers. It splits on '.' to get Major, Minor & Patch versions then joins them together
3472: A function to shift the digits of an integer left by 'n' places. For example, if you have input as "number = 346" and shifting it right would result in output
3473: Calculates the minimum of two time points.  Code is written in Scheme language and calculs minima between given times .  	Example usage : calc_(d h _r e u n
3474: Returns the first three nodes of each server in 'service list' that contains string matching with '/record/'. If no such servers exist, it returns an empty vector.   .    Code snip
3475: This function calculates the camera target position based on two extents of an object in space, and returns it as list [X Y Z]. The XYZ coordinates are calculated by taking half values
3476: Find all the ways of placing 'length' number on board with given constraints. The placement is done by taking one side at each step and filling in from left or right depending upon whether it was placed
3477: This function is used to shutdown all GPUs when they are idle.  It takes an optional parameter 'Duration' which specifies how long the system should wait before it considers two or more devices as being
3478: A function to calculate the latent heat of vaporization given temperature in Kelvin and pressure or relative humidity, using an approximation from NASA's formulae on thermodynamic properties . The result
3479: Counts the number of unique lower case English word in list.  Code is used to count how many different palindromic phrases are there within given input phrase/list .  	Example :
3480: Check if the author is in bibliography.  If yes, return true; otherwise false." Code snippet to test it out with some examples of input and output will be
3481: A function to get the RGB values from an input.  If no argument provided, it will throw error; if integer or list of three elements are given then return those as rgb value otherwise throws
3482: This function pads the given list with empty elements to reach length 'm' by adding them at end. If current size of input is less than required, it simply returns original array as output without any
3483: Returns the static dimension of one or both shapes. If they have different number, returns smaller size's Shape."; (comment "This function is used to get more 'stable', i
3484: Returns the high byte of an integer. 16 bit value is converted to its highest order bytes in binary representation, and then returned as result .'s bits are shifted left by eight positions so
3485: Converts the name of an Event to its corresponding number. If it is 'Baselines', returns zero, otherwise conversts and return as integer if possible; else retursnzero .
3486: A function that takes in two lists, one of strings and the other as word filter. It returns only those elements from first list which are present within second input's set/list .  The
3487: A function that returns either one or zero depending on whether the first argument is less than, equal to ,or greaterthan second. Arguments are considered incomparable if they're not numbers
3488: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.  	     .   		     	   10,4678°C is approximately equal t oFA
3489: A function that calculates the incrementally weighted mean of data points. It takes as input two parameters, an initial value and previous weighting factor(s). If no prior means are given it will
3490: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are when N is less than two, in which case it returns that number directly and otherwise calls itself twice with arguments
3491: get value from json dictionary.  if the given 'dict' is empty or doesn’t contain an element with that name, it returns false; otherwise ,it will retrieve and then returned . "
3492: This function filters the list of detection objects based on their category id.  It takes three arguments - Detection List, Label Map Dict and Sub Category . The filter is done by checking if x
3493: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization, storing previously calculated results in memory so that it can reuse them if needed later on without recal
3494: Checks if the given string contains "apts", and also checks whether it's part of an upgrade command. 1/0 answer based on that check, indicating success or failure respectively."
3495: A function that checks if the length of inputted text is more than or equal, and returns it. If not then return original message else nothing .   [1 line] Code : withCharCount
3496: Returns true if the given 'field' is less than or equal to ‘value’. Otherwise, it returns false."  	     . "(defun lt (? x y))")
3497: Convert list of strings to plaintext. If the input is not string or nonetext, return it as given .   - Code by: Author Name <author@email> , Date : date
3498: Returns the URL to get coverage data.  If no name is provided, it returns default one."   . )"    ,,,,")))))). ")"     }}}}}}...]]]
3499: Split the input comma separated list into tokens.  Each element in output is trimmed of leading and trailing whitespace characters, if any exist on that particular split point .   If no such
3500: Remove all non numeric characters from the input string.  This is useful when you want to convert your data into numbers, but keep track of original character positions and/or identifiers in case they
3501: Calculates the reward based on current state and chosen actio.n . The result is negative of difference between states & actions, which means that it's trying to maximize rewards in an environment where
3502: Modifies the output of an editor.  If 'm' is equal to o, it wraps in ```FIX and adds a newline before/after each line with triple backticks
3503: A function to calculate the multivariable binomiials coefficients. It uses recursion and memoization technique." --->(defun mc k)(mc '((a b c
3504: This function calculates two parameters, θ1 and φ. The first parameter is calculated as head count in A divided by total sum of both sets; similarly with second one which represents proportion
3505: A function that clips scalar values to be within the range [min,max].  If value is greater than maximum then it returns Maximum. if its less tham minimum return Minimun
3506: Checks if the given integer is palidromic. 10 digits long or less, and returns true/false accordingly .
3507: This function checks if two strings are the same, ignoring case. If they're not equal in any way it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that their content was identical up to some
3508: Removes the specified string from each element of an array. The function takes two arguments, '(list ...)' and another argument which is to be removed as prefix in every list item's strings
3509: A function that concatenates all the strings in an input list. The order of elements is not important and duplicated string will be removed from final result, but only one instance per element's value
3510: Returns the start of row in matrix. This function is used to calculate where we should begin reading from when printing out rows and columns separately or as one continuous string . It takes an integer input which represents
3511: Creates an array of two elements representing the start and stop positions in one direction. The distance is calculated as absolute value, so it can be negative if required.""".' Code snippet
3512: A function that converts the first character of an upper case string to lower. If it is already in Lower Case, then return as Is . e..g :(upperCamelCase "hello
3513: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Fahrenheit. It takes one argument, the value in celsisus and returns its equivalent farenheight conversion." (c
3514: This function pads sequences to the maximum length. It takes as input two parameters, an array of strings and integer representing sequence'maximum allowed lenghth . The output is another list where each
3515: Parses GFF3 Attributes.  Input is string of comma separated key value pairs, outputs hash with keys and values parsed from input .'s format."   [10]
3516: This function returns the directory of given file or folder. If it is not provided, then current working dir will be returned else if its ending with / , only one slash '/' would remain in
3517: Generates the URL of BiocBuilds data files from BioC version and Package name ." . )   ;; end function definition ")))))    ## End Code block to generate url
3518: Checks if the first part of two paths are equal. If yes, then it checks whether all subsequent parts match in both lists respectively and returns true only when they do so; otherwise false is returned
3519: Remove the .XML extension from file names.   Code snippet to remove XML extensions in filenames if they exist on disk and return them as strings, otherwise returns original string unchanged."
3520: Calculates the mean percentage of absolute difference between true and predicted values. This is used to measure how well our model predicts future data points based on its training phase." --->(#
3521: A recursive function to reverse the string. It creates an empty new_str and then fills it with characters from original str in reversed order, one by on going through each character of inputted
3522: Convert Mile to KM using the conversion factor of .87 in C++ Code Snippet ##CppConversionFactors##" } , { "code": "\n(
3523: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses iteration to compute fibonacci numbers." Code snippet : "(defun my/compute ((
3524: Add two 1 byte integers. Returns the result as an integer in range [0,7]. If overflow occurs then returns -(overflow + 3)." Code is used to add
3525: This function reverses the order of all phrases in an input string.  It splits it into individual sentences, then joins them back together with spaces between each sentence but also reverse their word orders using
3526: A function to identify the phase in an informational files.  It checks if certain keywords are present and returns corresponding string (" preproc", ' exec' or post proc"). If none match, it
3527: A function to calculate the smooth step value of input parameter 't'. It is used in interpolation and animation calculations." (END OF CODE BLOCK)"   }}}}}}"   ```
3528: A function that performs binary XOR operation on two strings. The result is represented as ‘#t’ if the bits are different and '	#f' otherwise, in one line of python script
3529: Checks if the least significant bit of an integer is set. If so, returns 'true', otherwise it will return "false". This function checks whether or not to pad with spaces in string format
3530: Finds the first upper case letter in string.  If no such character exists, returns an empty list."  ```   ``` ` `` . -.- ..-. --.. --- ...-- ....
3531: Converts string to boolean. If the input argument matches one of these strings, it returns true; otherwise false." . "\r\x0d" ) ; end linefeed/carriage
3532: A function to check if the message type and content are suitable. This will be used in user event search feature of telegram bot API .   [END] (code): )"})}}
3533: Initializes the initial state of all cells in an n x m cell world with equal probability, resulting as if they were all initially pure random and equally likely to be occupied or not occuppied by
3534: Calculates the average salary of employees in two salaries ranges, or returns #F if no valid range is provided." Code snippet to test it out with some examples : "
3535: A recursive function that finds the smallest number in an input list, but not zero. If all numbers are zeros it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise return minimum value found so far and continue searching from
3536: Count the number of bits in an integer. The input is represented as binary and it counts how many times one bit has been set to 'one'. It uses recursion, which makes use also that
3537: A function that returns the date in string format newer than given input.  It takes two parameters, 'num' and an optional parameter of units ('unit'). If no second argument is provided it defaults
3538: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT.   [END] .    Code snippet that demonstrates the use of farenheight conversion in python program,
3539: This function takes in an n x m Matrix and returns the transpose of it.  It does so by reversing each sublist, resulting into getting columns instead rows as required..   .
3540: Checks if two states are the same.  It uses equal?. This function is used to check whether or not we have reached our goal state in search algorithms like A*. The first argument of '
3541: Generates the information about races that will occur in future.  It takes into account if there is an upcoming UTE event or not and provides relevant details accordingly." --->(#<
3542: A recursive function that searches through the given markers to find if they are within specified range. If found, it returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all possible combinations of coordinates and marker
3543: A list of all possible variations on the word 'nothing'. It is used to handle different forms in programming languages that have no value or meaning, such as null and na .'s are also included
3544: A function to get the position of scanners in one layer. The input is two parameters, 'time' and "height". It calculates an absolute value based on modulus operation with twice subt
3545: Adds the content of one HTML document to another.  This is useful when you want your webpage' data in an appended manner rather than replacing it entirely with new html, but still keeping
3546: Finds the maximum depth of any subtree in binary tree. It starts at root and goes as deep down to leaf nodes, counting each level until it reaches an empty branch or leaves out all possible
3547: Check if all the images are single. If yes, return true; otherwise false . (code): )} }}}}}} }} }) {{{{ {{ ((()(((()())) ()()) (.
3548: Checks if the given string is equal to 'Freezers' in lower case. 1/0 -> boolean value indicating whether or not it matches with freezing conditions .  ```"
3549: A function to find the next highest integer that is not less than or equal in size. This can be used as an efficient way of finding powers, such like calculating log base two on numbers etc."
3550: A function to calculate the distance between two points in n dimensions. The input is three parameters - another point and an additional parameter, which represents how many dimensionality you are working with; it calculates
3551: This function converts the output dimensions of space to depth. It takes as an argument, in order ,the number and size(s),of each dimension that is being processed by your model' s
3552: A function that returns an error message when the input is not of type 'expected'.  It's used to catch and report errors in user inputs.   .    -> TypeErrorMessage(
3553: Interval intersection. Given two intervals, return the common one if it exists; otherwise null is returned in both cases when either of them are empty or they have no overlap with each other respectively .
3554: Generates the string representation of an XML element.  The format is <clusterName><element/> </.   .    ....... ......... ... etc....."). This function will be used
3555: A function that divides the first argument by second. If division is not possible, it returns 0 . The result of divide operation will be returned as output from calling method "output" on object
3556: Checks if the coordinates of an object are within range. The first two elements represent x and y, both in [O; O] to be between -> .   , respectively <-.
3557: A function to parse the gbif species identification codes. It checks if they contain specific keywords and returns corresponding identifiers . If not, it defaults back as an error identifier."; }}}"
3558: A function to calculate the radius of an ellipse. The formula used is sqrt(|m*h^3/4G|^1/(8πr)). where r = |H
3559: Checks if the given string is either '----' or ‘’s MMF footer. If so, returns true; otherwise false." --->(defun _checkFoot
3560: A function to find the greatest common divisior of two numbers. It uses recursion and reduces problems by breaking them down into smaller subproblems until they become simple enough that we can solve directly
3561: Generates list of mixture weights. Each element in the returned tuple is an indexed string that represents each weight within its respective mixer's range, e..g., 'mix1', or
3562: This function takes in an ASCII encoded input and outputs the corresponding non asccii characters. It does so by iterating over each character of given text, checking if it is less than or equal
3563: Code defines the Gauss–Seidel method.  It takes four parameters - initial guess, final value and two bounds on variables to solve in parallel with each other . The function returns an estimate of
3564: Generates the name of tile directory based on given coordinates.  It is used to generate unique names in case two tiles with same position are created at different times .   "startx_stopy
3565: Returns the inverse of class to index dictionary.  It is used in conjunction with get indices from classes function .  	It returns an object that can be passed into other functions or methods which require it
3566: A function to get the Air Quality Index level based on its relative humidity.  It returns one of five categories depending upon how much moisture is in it, with higher values indicating more unheal
3567: A function that returns the ratios of two vectors. If they are not equal in length, it throws an error message and return 'false'. Otherwise calculates each element's ratio between corresponding elements from
3568: Checks if the given '(student)'s marks are equal to their respective "Final Mark" or not.  If they match, it returns #true else false .   It is used
3569: A binary search algorithm implementation. It takes in an array and the value to be found, along with two indices denoting where it should start searching from (. .). Returns index of that element if present
3570: rescales the given number within an interval to another.  It's like mapping one range of values onto另一个range, but it doesn’t involve any rounding or truncation and is
3571: Computes the coefficients of rayleigh damper model in terms on two parameters, alpha and beta . The function takes as input an array with three elements representing time step , initial conditions at position i
3572: A function to shift the bits of an integer value.  The result is another number with fewer than three bytes, and it's used in various places where shifting needs be done on integers that are
3573: This function returns the rank of an object in terms on its singular values. It is used to determine how many components are needed from these SingValues . The higher, more complex objects will have lower
3574: A function to truncates the decimal part of numbers. It rounds down if number has more digitis than decimais, otherwise it keeps as is." . "}") )" }' -
3575: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n), where if 'N' is equal, return either zero or one respectively depending on
3576: Convert Oxford comma text to list. For example, input is `(oxxfordand two three four )` output will be  `('o' e t w . f o r)." Outputs
3577: A function that divides each element in the given input by an arbitrary number.  The result is returned as output of map operation which applies to all elements present on provided lists .
3578: A function to calculate the float value of an integer parameter. The result is scaled down by ten times." (defun makeFloatParameter .378946 ) ;; ->
3579: A function that checks if the given 'score' is in any of provided list.  If it finds one, returns true; otherwise false." Code snippet : "(code
3580: Calculates the variance of an array. The formula used is (*p(-n))/((* -(*)).(/ . N))."   [END] Code Summary ][START][CODE
3581: Counts the number of files in each folder. The function takes as input an array with member ID'S and returns count from all non-"folder" ones ie., it counts only those which
3582: A function to truncates the seconds from given time stamp. It takes in one argument, which is assumed be of type integer representing number or float value that represents timestamps and returns an equivalent floating
3583: A recursive function that prints all elements of the list in order. It uses cond to handle two cases, when there are no more items left or if we have some remaining ones and it's
3584: Convert the given 3 element list to UCSC format. The first two elements are converted into string, and then combined with '-' as separator." Example usage :(call
3585: A recursive function to calculate the sum of square numbers upto 'n'. The base case is when we reach zero, in which point it returns our accumulated result. In each iteration/re
3586: Create an EC instance id pretty printer. This function takes in the result of calling AWS API to get ec instances and returns only first part before '.' symbol if it exists, else return whole string as
3587: A function to calculate the heuistic distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an integer representing how far apart they are, with lower values indicating more distant pairs of coordinates .
3588: Retrieves the value of an SENML record from JSON. If not found, returns #F; otherwise it retrievs and return its corresponding field in string format if present or else throws error
3589: This function takes in column names and cleans them by removing the square brackets around numeric indices. It does not affect nonnumerical or alphanumerics columns, as per convention of naming
3590: Parses an object to return its numeric value if it is, otherwise returns the string representation of that number.  If not applicable then simply converts input into integer or float as per language
3591: A function to calculate the air density at given temperature and pressure, using an approximation of Air's Reflected Radiation Intensity from its Wave length in nanometers . ; The formula
3592: A function that takes in three parameters, cyclically shifts the first parameter by one position to right within its range. The second and third arguments specify an inclusive minimum/maximum of values allowed as input
3593: Computes the heat transfer coefficient hr/m^3 from given parameters of thermal conductivity, specific heats and temperatures in kWh/(km·hr . K). The formula is derived by
3594: A function that generates unique label names from the given list of lines. The input is an ordered set, and each element in it represents one or more consecutive numbers starting with zero followed by either ":"
3595: This function is used to set the device based on its current state. It can be either 'Auth Device' or Auth, but not both at once." Code snippet : `
3596: A function that calculates the absolute difference between two colors. It takes in an array of color values and returns another list with each element being its corresponding distance from one other given pair, calculated using their
3597: Checks if the input is within valid range of colours. If yes, returns 'true', else false or an error message indicating invalid color value .   [END] Code snippet to be
3598: Checks if the list is symmetric.  It does so by comparing its first element with it'S reverse of itself . If they are equal then return true else false;   "(defun
3599: A function to find the value associated with given key in dictionary.  It uses recursion and dicts' internal functions like 'key?' ,'. ..' etc., which are not available by default
3600: A function that computes the sigmoide of its input, which is used in neural networks to model non linearity and activation functions" . -> "A one line description about what it does
3601: A function that replaces multiples of both three and five with 'FIZZ', multiple by four, to replace the word buzz. If number is divisible only one or two times then it will
3602: Finishes the upgrade of tar ball in given directory. 1st parameter is path to current install dir, second one - where should be installed upgraded version . Returns true if it was successful and false
3603: Merge two sections of an index. If the first section is empty, then use second one as result; if there are common elements in both lists it merges them into resulting list and removes duplic
3604: Calculation of GINI index. It is used to calculate the quality or disorder in data set, where each row represents an instance and columns represent features / attributes . The ginii function calcul
3605: Replaces the first occurrence of one string with another in an inputted list. If no such instance exists, it returns original value as is."   }]],[[[{ Code snippet
3606: A function that returns the default value of an inputted parameter based on its name and whether it is currently being processed or transmitted, returning zero if neither are true; otherwise displays error message then exits
3607: Generates a link with the given keys.  '(key1 key3, value4)) . Returns an object that can be used to create links in other functions or methods.'   }]
3608: A function to get the tag associated with COVID - .NET CODE.   SUMMARY : GENERATE TAGS FOR SECTION OF WORD CLOUD DATASET, IN
3609: Checks if the value is not within specified range. 1 line function that returns true or false based on whether given number falls in between two values, else it's out of bounds .
3610: This function takes in an array of URLs and replaces the last part with given string. It uses map to apply lambda on each element, taking care that it splits by '/' character
3611: Builds an extension string. If no parameter is provided, it returns the base of any given .scm file; otherwise builds up to naming convention with each passed in pair as key and its
3612: A function to wrap JavaScript in <SCRIPT><\/SCRIPTS\>  tags.  This is useful when embedding scripts into HTML files, or using them as external resources on the webpage via an
3613: Checks if the given string is one of several requirements.  It checks whether it's null, an empty space or starts with # , - r and/also git plus url .   If
3614: A function that returns the greeting message. 1 line only, no parameters needed to run it .   Example usage : saludo("Juan") -> Hola Juan , Buen os d
3615: Checks if the first string starts with another.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .'s"  	    		   			     	   									       }}}}}}`}
3616: Checks if the number is even. If yes, returns true; otherwise false."  	    		   			     									      	   	 	      .'.. ..... '.' .........''
3617: Returns the letter of excel sheet based on its position in alphabetical order. For example, getColumnLetter(1), returns 'A', and getsColumntettersheet's
3618: Converts the given 3D surface coordinates to LPS. The input is in Cartesian coordinate system and output will be converted into Latitude/Longitute System(Lon,Lat).
3619: Parses the given list of numbers and returns them as strings separated by commas or semicolons. If there are no elements in input, it simply outputs an empty string; if more than
3620: Returns the domain name of an IP address.  Input is assumed to be in format 'xxx . xxxx'.  	Output will always return one word, e..g., google or face
3621: A function to calculate the value of Z^k*l. If 'L' is less than or equal with K, it returns one else zero . Otherwise return two times power L squared minus
3622: Split string into lines. Code is based on the scheme language's version of split function, which splits strings by newline characters and returns them as list elements in reverse order."   [
3623: A function that returns the maximum length of strings in an input list.  If empty, it will return zero .   It uses recursion to find out max string's len from first element and
3624: Checks if the given string is palidromic. 1/0 or #true/.#false depending on whether it's true that its characters are read in reverse order to be equal
3625: A function that calculates the deltas between consecutive elements in an odd list. If there is only one element, it returns empty; if two are present then they subtract each other from their
3626: Code to check if setup tools are enabled. Parameters : Package info dictionary, returns True or False based on whether the package is set up with pytest and its entry points defined in it'
3627: A function that checks if the chocolate maker can make chocolates with given ingredients. The input is two numbers, 'small' and "big", which represent how many of each ingredient are needed to
3628: A recursive function to calculate the FIBO sequence. The base cases are defined as fibonacci(0), = 4, and =n= 6 . If not an integer or less
3629: Update only existing keys in the first dictionary with values from second. If key does not exist, it is simply added to resultant Dictionary .  This function will return updated version of First Dicton
3630: Generates the OAuth headers required to authenticated requests. 1/3 of total time spent on server, no data sent or received over network .  0% CPU usage , only one process
3631: Checks if the key is available in json object. 	Inputs : Json Object and Key, Output -> Boolean indicating whether or not it exists as an element of that particular JSON structure .
3632: A function to calculate the value of an asymmetrical polynomial. The coefficients are given in terms on 'beta'. This is done by using two functions, q and p which represent parts that depend only
3633: A function that calculates the total cost of an item.  The parameters are quantity, unit price and tax rate respectively .   It returns summation result after adding up all items in cart with their
3634: A function that returns the input tuple with its length fixed to 'n'. If it's less than ‘’, then append extra elements of value false. Otherwise return original list as is."
3635: A function to convert names into HTML title. If the length of input is less than or equal ten, it returns original string; otherwise split by spaces and join with <BR></BODY
3636: Returns the filename of an object with given properties in .dat format – Z = Metallic, Dustyness and Age respectively; e..g., get '10's file
3637: Checks if the given string is progress indicator.  It checks whether it ends with 'k' or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise false will be returned indicating
3638: Returns the suffix to be used in naming winlink files.  If manifest is true, returns _embbed otherwise it will return "" .   Code snippet : (#/^getW
3639: Convert all non numeric characters in the input to {}  . e.g., convert 'a' into {}, and keep other character as it is, like {b}.   This function will be
3640: A function that calculates the sum of cubes. The input is multiplied by itself seven times to create an exponential growth pattern, then added together with another multiplication operation which increases each term in turn
3641: Checks if the string is palidromic. 1/3 of all strings are considered as "PalinDROMes". A list comprehension can be used to check each character in
3642: A function to calculate the estimation formula based on dynamic background. It takes three parameters - 'growth', and two constants, which are used in calculating an estimate of future values using exponential weighted moving average
3643: Interleaves two lists. If one of the input is empty, it returns other's nonempty part as result; if both are empties then return an output which also be considered to
3644: A function to calculate the mid point index of an array. If length is odd, round down; if even then return halfway between two middle elements .'s"   [END] ---
3645: This function calculates the waiting times of different types patient in an emergency room system. It takes as input all individual entities and returns two lists, one with wait time on Ambulation Patient'S
3646: Checks if the number is divisible by two. If it's even, returns true; otherwise false .   [Hint : Use modulo operator] (defun remainder ((a
3647: Convert numbers and vectors to linear scale, convert lists of values into one value list or pair elements in the input vector / number pairs upto two decimal places."   .    -> zn_
3648: Convert the given time period in terms of hours, days or weeks to its description.  For example '30min' would be converted into an hour if it is less than one week and daily
3649: A function that displays the arguments passed to it, then returns nothing but cries after being given some word list as an argument and displays its contents on screen . (end of definition)."
3650: This function reverses the string if it starts with '-' or not. If no such character exists, then return original input as is .   Code length : x characters    Author name(s):
3651: This function checks if the three points are in counterclockwise order. It does so using cross product and then checking whether it is positive or negative, which indicates that they form an acute triangle with respect
3652: Sorting function that sorts lists of elements. It uses recursion to sort the list and deletes duplicates before applying itself on each element in order, then applies it again after removing all duplicate values
3653: Creates an indexed name.  The result is of the form '(dict . X).'   This function creates and returns named indexes in dictionary format, which are used to access elements within
3654: Checks if the given argument is float. 1/3rd of the time, it returns true and otherwise false .   ; Returns whether or not 'value' can be considered as an instance
3655: A function that calculates the ratio of two numbers.  It's called share, because it gives an idea about how much one number is shared by another in relation to total value or summation
3656: Returns the target position based on direction of movement in degrees from north, east or south and west respectively; if no specific move is needed then returns current coordinates as it stands .   Code length : x
3657: Generates unique names by incrementing the count of existing ones. If no such an id exists, it generates one and adds to dict .   [ ]"    }]], "code": ["
3658: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n,a), where 'count' is equal zero and returns value of first number in
3659: Calculates the harmonic mean of an input list. The function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be another sequence or collection and returns its "Harmonics Mean". It's
3660: Converts negative index values to positive. If the value is already nonnegative, it leaves as such; otherwise adds 'ndim' at end of list indicating that an element with -1 should
3661: A function that returns foreign keys from the given list.  If no key is found, it will return false; otherwise ,it'll convert string to symbol and add them into resultant output as
3662: A function that calculates the average of two numbers given as input parameters to it, with an optional third parameter specifying whether or not we should round up after averaging if necessary . If no such
3663: Creates an object with the given magnitude, targeting date and coordinates.  The hash function is used to store these values in memory as key/value pairs so they can be retrieved later on
3664: Rescales the value of an old range to new values.  The resizing is done in proportion with respecting min and max ranges, not just relative changes between two points on one axis or
3665: Convert seconds to samples. 1 second = 480, sample rate = .963 Hz -> convert sec into number of audio frames in the buffer size that can be processed by an
3666: Convert the input string to ISO format. If it is in YYYYMMDDHHmmSSS or MM/DD HH mm SS formats, convert into standard timezone offsets and
3667: Parses an agent list from string input.  The agents are separated by commas and each one is represented as [count name]. If count or the first element of sublists isn't
3668: Returns the ARN of an IAM role that grants basic execution rights to Lambda functions.  This is used by AWS when executing your function locally in development environments, but not required if you'
3669: A function to calculate the area of triangle. The input is two parameters, one representing length and other as breadth or side respectively which are used in calculating Area . It uses another helper method square that
3670: A function to calculate the cube of an input.  Input is cubed and returned as output . (check if it's possible that you can write more than one line in python
3671: A function that checks if the given object is of type git or github.  It also returns true only when it'll accept any kind .txt file as input and false otherwise, because we
3672: Calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space. The input is represented as pairs of coordinates, and output will be real number representing euclidian distances." --->(Calcul
3673: Calculates the total fuel used to move from one point in space. The distance between each object is calculated and added up, taking into account that we are moving away if it's negative or towards
3674: Adds two vector elements.  If the input is not of equal lengths, it throws an error message stating that they are different in size."   .    Code snippet to test your function
3675: Convert ASCII characters to Bachman–Spahnienskii codes. (define atbash cipher that converts lowercase letters into upper case and vice versaCreates an
3676: A function that returns the string concatenation of input parameters.  If an optional parameter 'version' is provided, it appends to given argument with its current git tag or branch if not found then
3677: Convert speed from miles per hour to kilometers per hours using the conversion factor of .017498 in C#, and return it as km/hr if possible otherwise returns original
3678: Extracts the subnumber from an Entry object. 	Type of input : dict, output type is int or string . Returns either integer value if available else returns 'not found'.
3679: A function to check if the input is prime. It uses an iterative approach with nested conditionals and recursion, which checks divisor upto square root of given numbeer . If it
3680: Convert the name of an existing file system to its mount point.  This is useful when you want your program's output files in different directories than where they were created on their original disks, or
3681: Generates the coordinates of lines in an image. The orientation can be either top, bottom or left/ right depending on where you want to draw your text string within that particular rectangle area defined by width
3682: Flatens the dictionary. If value is another dict, it will flaten that too and merge them into one list of pairs in order to form new nested structure . Otherwise returns original data if not dic
3683: Returns the ir frame number. 	Inputs : RGB index, Number of IR frames and total color channels . Output is an integer representing one particular pixel in that image' s position within its set
3684: Returns the radius of an object in pixels.  If not present, returns false .   "    }" ) ;; end getRadiusAttribute function definition." ,,,,"")",""),
3685: Checks if the given data has nested keys. (define _hasNesteDKey .args.) returns true or false depending on whether it finds any nesting of 'searchData
3686: This function calculates the worst active days in given time line. It uses hash table to store and retrieve data efficiently, thus making it faster than other methods like looping through all elements of list or
3687: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  The result is scalar value, which represents cosine similarity between vector 'v' and another one with respect to some other given "w".   .
3688: Checks if the input is divisible by any of two, four or eight. If so it returns true otherwise false; else checks whether remainder when divided with all numbers from one to sixteen equals
3689: Obtaining value from an input. If the last character is ':' then it's treated as number, else if there are more than one ':', error out; otherwise convert to integer or float
3690: This function takes an integer as input and returns the closest possible value between two given years. If it's within range, return that exact number; otherwise if above or below average then take nearest upper
3691: A function to perform Caesar cipher encryption on an inputted text. The key is the number of positions by which each character in plaintext should be shifted, with 'a' being 0 and
3692: This function calculates the time of arrival and departure times from an array list. It also keeps track which patient is still in system, if any; it does so by appending each individual to another
3693: A recursive function that generates all possible coordinates of an object in three dimensions. It takes two lists, one representing the current coordinate and another to represent remaining dimension sizes . If there are no more elements
3694: A recursive function to calculate the sum of two numbers. It uses bit manipulation and addition operations only, without using arithmetic operators or loops." Code is used in an algorithm that
3695: Converts Miles to Feets.   [Explain the function in detail] .'s" } , { "code": '(defun feet/mile (/ x ) (*
3696: Check if the length of coda fits in given duration index. If it doesn't, raise an error with message indicating that no such thing exists .   [END] Code Summary:[/code
3697: This function calculates the Laplacian scale factor at given 'level'. The laplaace scaling is used in image processing to adjust brightness and contrast of an input pixel based on its surrounding pixels
3698: Finds headers in the given list of strings. The header is defined as any string that appears more than once at least twice before it, and has no preceding or following non-" " characters; if
3699: A function that counts the number of successful and unsuccessfull trials in an experiment. The input is list containing codes representing different types events like Success, Fail or Go/no go based on results
3700: A function that returns the length of input string.  It's used to measure how long something is in characters or bytes, depending on what it was originally created with .   For example , you
3701: Compare two SQL statements lists. If all elements are equal in both sequences, return true; otherwise false." Code snippet : compare if the given list of sq ls is same as
3702: A function that returns the unique elements in an input sequence. It uses recursion to find all distinct IDs from given list of id'd items and return them as new List .  "(
3703: A function that indents the text by adding four space characters. It splits input string into individual line, then joins them back together with newline character in between each of these strings to create an
3704: This function returns the list of operating systems supported by an ASA router.  It takes one argument, which is optional and defaults to 'null'. If provided it should be set as true or false
3705: Checks if the given number is leap or not. If it's divisible by four, then check whether that also leaves no remainder when divided into hundredths of years and finally checks to see
3706: Returns the id of given object.  [...]" . $this -> getId() ;?></code>  }<br /> <p >This function is used to fetch an ID
3707: Returns the action's current state as string.  If no such condition is met, it returns 'Passed With Warnings'.   . The function takes one argument - an input parameter of
3708: Check if the given JSON object has 'Test' key.  If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message in case of any exception occurs during execution .   }}}}}}).execute(
3709: Checks if all elements in the list are dictionaries with an @attribute of type.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Code is checking whether each element within given input lists/dictionaries has
3710: Create an object to be used in Slacker API.  The section of the message that will contain markdown formatted information .'s..   '.'."))).'.''.)').')'))
3711: Checks if the clockwiseness of an object is set.  If it's not, then sets its position to be in one direction and returns true; otherwise return false indicating that there
3712: A function to convert lines of text into the appropriate formatting. It takes in an array/list and converts each element according with its type, returning it as formatted string or list if needed."
3713: Split the data set into two lists based on whether each element in its first list is less than or equal to some given number. If it's greater, then put that item onto one side
3714: A function to get the index of specific pixel in an array. The coordinates are relative and start from top left corner with row=0, column =1 . This is equivalent on how we find any
3715: A function that returns an error message when the input is not valid.  It checks if it's just one character long and contains only alphanumeric characters or underscores, otherwise return
3716: Returns the ratios of two lists.  The first list is divided by each element in second to produce new ratio values, and these are returned as output from function getRatios .   It takes
3717: A function that converts an input to its numeric representation. If the value is not valid, it throws error message with invalid argument details."  	     .   ```" }}}}}}'
3718: Returns the name of last part in URL path.  For example, if input is "https://example/path1" it will return 'Example'. If you pass an empty string "" then returns
3719: A function that rounds the values in 'filter' list by multiplying them with given multiplier and dividing it. If no value is provided, default to 1; if not specified then use
3720: Convert N and M to ansi color index. This function takes two numbers as input, converts them into the corresponding ANSI escape sequence that can be used in terminal outputting colors on Un
3721: Check if the given 'shape' is in list of problems.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   Code length :10 lines - done by Surya Prasad K
3722: Merge two dictionaries. If one of the inputs is not dictionary, it will return that input as result; if both are dicts then they're merged recursively else lists appended together
3723: A function to determine the file type of an image or vector map based on its extension (.jpg, .png etc.) and subfolder name in MODIS data repository structure).'s getter
3724: A function that trims the input string to at most length of three. If it is less than or equal, returns original value as there's no need in truncation . Otherwise , return first
3725: Dump datetime in iso format.  If the input hashed, return its date and time as string; otherwise just output it directly." --->(defun dumpdate #'(
3726: A function that generates all possible combinations of 'node' and its successors. The numbering starts from zero, so the first element is always an empty combination ('()). If there are no more nodes
3727: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be the list of numbers. It returns two values - firstly it checks if there are no elements left and return zeroes otherwise; second part
3728: A function that checks if the guessed number is in range of actual numbers. If it's not, then subtract one from 'life'. The game continues until all lives are lost or won
3729: A function that extends one linked lists with another.  It takes two arguments, the first being an existing linkd lis and second is to be extended by other elements of it in reverse order .
3730: Preprocessing of Stanzas in English.  It filters out any empty or whitespace strings from the input, and then joins them back together with newlines as required by our application's requirements
3731: A function that calculates the relevant part of an equation.  The input parameters are related to how much and where it is used in relation with other parts, such as 'r' being relative weight
3732: Returns the type of instrument based on its number. The range and types are defined in terms that can be used to determine which one is appropriate." Code snippet : getInstr
3733: A function to set the font's point of origin in pixels, and return that value as an integer."   }]],[{    {     .name ="get_text",
3734: Generates an array of length k with each element being the reciprocal summation from i = >  to n, where 'n' is equal value given by parameter "K". The first index
3735: Checks if the given number is power of two. If it's zero or one, returns false; otherwise checks whether its remainder when divided by  >>>  . Returns true only in case where
3736: Trims the input string.  If no argument is provided, it returns an empty trimmed version of its own contents; otherwise trims and concatenates all arguments into one single output with spaces between
3737: A function to split an expression into its constituent parts. It uses recursion and keeps track of the current position in string, as well whether it's inside parentheses or not . If
3738: A function to determine the bucket suffix based on file location.  It checks if certain paths match specific patterns and returns corresponding strings as result."; (code);}`))}}}}}' }
3739: Create and return the path to use as socket file.  This is used by bsdtar, which uses sockets in order not only communicate with its parent process but also interactively create tar
3740: A function that returns the uniform cumulative distribution. It takes an input and gives back its probability in []. The cdf is defined as P(X <=x ) = ∫[from i
3741: A function to calculate the slope and interception of line given by y =mx +b.  The input is two parameters - 'm' as coefficient, which represents change in Y/X over
3742: Returns the integer representation of an input color in form RRRGGGbb. The colors are represented as three separate integers between  0 and FF which represent red, green , blue respectively . This
3743: Calculates the height of binary tree. – Code to calculate and return maximum depth or distance between two nodes in Binary Tree .   --> maxDepth(root)."    }}}'
3744: A function to calculate the mean, variance and count of an array. The input is expected as list where each element represents one data point in case if you have more than two dimensions then it will consider
3745: Convert single grid index to 3D coordinates. The input is the number of indices and returns x, y , z coords in that order as integers . e..g., if you have an
3746: Calculates the distance between two triangles.  Inputs are three points of one triangle and another point in space, outputs is their respective distances from each other on that specific plane .  	;
3747: A function that converts points to bounding box.  The input is list of pairs, where each pair represents the coordinates in two dimensions and returns four numbers representing minimum X , Y coordinate along with
3748: Checks if the number is divible by all numbers in list.  If it's not, returns false else true .   "    }" )} ,,,,"")")))};
3749: This function converts an integer or list of integers to their decimal equivalents in base ten, if the input is not already one such form then it will convert each element within that sequence into its equivalent
3750: Generates an image UUID based on the Vendor, Name and Version of Virtual Device Underlying.  The ID is derived from virtual device id in input parameter 'vdud'.   .    -
3751: A function that calculates the sums of all multiples between zero and given number. If multiple is divisible by both three or five, it's not added to total but counted as one occurrence
3752: A recursive function to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. The bit is counted from rightmost side upwards, starting with least significant digit and moving towards left most position where it becomes
3753: Generates the URL to access GNOME's source repository of given package name or version number in git format (.com). If no specific tag is provided, it will default back into master branch .
3754: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'n' equals one, in which it returns "one". For all other cases where we have more than
3755: Find the number of times 'label' appears in each position where it is either true or false. This function returns an integer that represents how many time label occurs as both truth and its complementary value
3756: Returns the magnified value of two rectangles.  The result is calculated by adding both rectangle's radius and then dividing it with one minus itself to get halfway point, which gives us
3757: A function that replaces all spaces in the input string with &nbsp;.  This is used to replace HTML entities which are not supported by some browsers, and also allows usability of non
3758: A function to compute the dot product of two lists. The input is assumed as integers or floats, and both are represented by list data structure in scheme language." (defun .*
3759: Computes the function f(x,y)." Code is to compute an expression involving two variables 'X' and another variable called "Y". The values of X are multiplied
3760: A function to get the azimation in degrees from directional string input, e..g., "north", or numeric degree value like   .e.../>  return -?° ?
3761: Translate from one base system to zero based. This function takes two parameters, the first is in original numbering and second parameter should be converted into zerobased index of that same numeral
3762: A function that generates an NxN Matrix with the given value. The number of elements in each row is equal to column's and all values are same as input parameter "val". For example
3763: Calculates the amount of acids in one gram, their mass and then calculcation index. The calculation is based on how much water content there're left after adding all these added substances
3764: Creates an n by m grid of given dimension. If the second argument is one, it creates only rows and not columns as in python's list comprehension syntax but with dimensions reversed to
3765: Returns all positions of '.' in the grid. The size is determined by input parameters, which are assumed to be positive integers and greater than zero."   [END] (code): Code sn
3766: Convert the name of an input, pose or image layer to its corresponding neural network's internal representation. For example "conv1" would be converted into something like 'ConvLayer'. This function
3767: Returns the dictionary associated with given input.  If no such association exists, returns false or nil respectively .   Code length :10 lines    Author - Srini Devadas     Date of creation
3768: A function to generate the stock chart url based on given ticker symbols ."'s . The result is an URL string that can be used in web browser or other applications which requires data from fin
3769: Converts H frequency list to Z Frequencies.   .::.. :::. :... -.-.: ..-. .... ...-- --.-- /---- ------- ---...."| | "
3770: Returns the sign of number. If input is positive, returns + , if negative it will return-. Otherwise,-returns   .'s"." "if zero".'')))"}""")})
3771: Computes the modal peak of sdof.  The input parameters are time domain samples, sample rate and frequency components respectively .   "an" is amplitude factor , which determines how much to ampl
3772: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty, return the other as it's already merged and complete; if both are non空 then compare first elements of each pair to merge them in
3773: This function checks if the input is valid number of hours. If it's not, returns zero; otherwise return its value in minute(ies)." . $linebreak ; end line break to
3774: Create new evidence file with the given name and content.  If it exists, delete then create again; otherwise just make one . Instance of an instance is created in each case."
3775: Calculates the wavelength of light in nanometers.  Inputs are distance from center to edge and spacing between two edges, outputs is length along one dimension where there're no other objects
3776: Generates the schema location string from namespace set in format of 'namespace name space'  .   It uses fold to iteratively add each namespaces with its corresponding separators and line breaks between them
3777: A function to build header dictionary with title, subtitles and other details of the ads configuration bot .  It returns an object containing all these information as key value pairs in hash table format which can
3778: A function to format the Solarium server's URL.  The url is constructed from provided parameters such as IP, Port and Path of solarmurmur instance .   It returns formatted string with
3779: Checks if the argument is unicode string. 1/3 of total lines in .scm file, checks whether an object has been defined or not and returns true when it's there
3780: Generates the raw data file path of competitors' businesses on YELP based upon provided username  .   [END] Code snippet to generate csv files with all business listings from specified
3781: Returns true if the given file name is not production or test.  Otherwise, returns false .'s   '(if #f (#t))) )).'.') ).'). '.',.'.)
3782: Convert seat IDs to binary and calculate the row. If it'll be lower than max, add one more step in search; if not - return current value of 'row'. Calculates column
3783: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in parameters and returns the sum of those values as output .   "(+ 10 (* x y z ))." is an example usage,
3784: Check if the parameters exist in results.  If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message "No such parameter".   .'s"."). This function is used to check whether there
3785: A function that truncates the decimal part of an inputted float. It does so by subtracting its integer value from itself, effectively removing any fractional parts in floating point numbers and returning only their
3786: Convert the given number to an unsigned integer in binary format. If it's less than two zeroes, pad with zeros on left side until length is exactly twenty characters long."   [END
3787: A function that calculates the similarity between two strings. It uses length of longest string as maximum value to normalize and calculate percentage based on characters in common with other's inputted text."
3788: Convert binary to decimal. Code snippet that converts the input string of bits into its equivalent integer value in base two, using bitwise conversion method." (defun bintohexad
3789: This function calculates the virtual temperature from mixing ratio and room tempereature . It takes two parameters, one is mixed volume of water in cubic meters , other parameter which represents how much liquid has
3790: Generates the name of an output .txt or other files based on input path and list extensions.  It replaces all provided extension with "" in filename, then returns it as final result."
3791: Returns the list of file sets used in given set.  This is useful when you want to get all files that are part or being referenced by some build rule, but not necessarily directly from source directory
3792: This function calculates the value of C in an equation. It takes four parameters - current, target and computation period & number to calculate from . The result is calculated by subtracting one part divided with
3793: Checks if point C is on the left side of line AB. If so, returns true; otherwise false or an error message indicating that there was some issue with input data type checking and formatting
3794: Computes the linear coefficient from two points. The function takes as input pairs of coordinates and returns another pair representing an equation in slope intercept form, ie., ax + by = c where [
3795: A function that generates the pyramidal structure of wire. It takes as input an integer n, and returns all possible combinations with "n" number on each level in order to form one complete circuit
3796: Returns the Y coordinate of given point on gameboard. If not valid, returns -1 .   Code length : ~3 lines" } , "code": { ... }, ......} ]}}
3797: Removes all digts from the input string.  Uses recursion to handle nested lists and strings, treating characters as elements of list or individual character in case they are not numerics but still
3798: A function that returns the closest number to 'n' between two given numbers. If it is closer than one of them, return either smaller or larger value depending on which would be more close if we
3799: A function that filters out the elements in list based on their index.  It checks if each element's nth component matches an inputted string, and only keeps those which do match .
3800: A function to calculate the monthly payment of an annual compound Interest Loan. The input is three parameters - 'Loan', which represents amount borrowed, and two other inputs are "Interest rate"
3801: Check if two lists of series are equal.  If they're both empty, return true; otherwise check the first element and recursively call on remaining elements in each sequence until one doesn’t
3802: A function to generate Persians date.  Input is three numbers representing the Year, Month and Day of birth respectively . Returns list with these values in order ie [year ,month，day]
3803: Convert the first two elements of an argument list to strings. If third element is empty string, append parentheses and colon after it; otherwise prepend with dot before second part followed by comma separ
3804: This function takes in one character and returns the same as input but with its first letter capitalized. It is used to convert all characters of string into upper case letters, except if they are already Capital
3805: This function takes two arguments, the initial speed of sound and an object's velocity. It returns how much time it would take to travel from one end with that distance at constant acceleration due in part
3806: Returns the first nonnegative number in an object. If no such element exists, it throws error message 'Name Must Be Positive Integer'.   .    Code snippet to test function with some
3807: Converts decimal degrees to hour, minute and second. The input is in the form of one number representing degree . It returns three values correspondingly depicting time duration as Hours , Minute
3808: Adapts the learning rate based on how many times it has been called. The function adjusts lr by dividing at different intervals depending upon which step of training is being performed, to prevent
3809: A function that computes the cube of its input.  Input is cubed in return value .   Example :( _cu cubic -1 ) =>  (-7),(__ cu clac
3810: A function to get the binary representation of an integer. If it's less than required, then fill with zeros until its length is equal or more that 'num'. Then return as string in
3811: Check if the file is not in MNISt files list, return true or false accordingly . (code:. check whether an image has been modified since it was last saved.)   Code : (.
3812: Checks if the given 'variable' is within range between ‘minimum’ and   ''maximum''. If it isn, returns true; otherwise false .    "min" & "->
3813: A function to get the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. For example, if you call `(getbit  7   3 )` it will return true because there is
3814: Checks if the given keyword or string is present in any of its constituents. If none are found, it returns false; otherwise true .   Code length :10 lines    Author name and
3815: Checks if the given sequence matches with instructions in list. If yes, returns true else false .   Code is used to check whether an input string can be matched by any of our predefined
3816: Creates callback data string.  Button type and Category are used to create unique identifier of the call back event .  	Example : ("button1" ; ".category") -> 'Button#
3817: Create function to make string readble. If the length of input is more than or equal  64 characters, it will return first part else if less then returns original text . Otherwise , no change
3818: Checks if the input is an integer within range of symbols. If so, returns true; otherwise false or error message "Invalid symbol".   [END OF SUMMARY].    .    13
3819: Generates the full path to an object in resources.  The format is projects/<Project>/.+/(.*).* . It'll be used by other functions that need paths of objects
3820: Convert string to boolean. If the input is not valid, return false; otherwise true if it's either 'True', ‘T’ or yes and returns '#t'. For other cases where
3821: A function that checks if all characters in the input string are ASCII. If not, it returns false; otherwise true." Code is used to check whether or no character of an array
3822: Flips the order of names in an input string. It takes as argument one name and returns its opposite side, if possible; otherwise it simply return that same person's first or last initial .
3823: Returns the copy of given data set.  If it is Few shot Voc or Coco, then returns its corresponding Copy Datasets else throws an error message stating that such datasets do no
3824: Returns the first node in list or #F if no nodes are present.  This function is used to get test data from requests and items respectively." --->(defun GET/TEST
3825: A function that performs affined transformations on points. It takes four parameters - the scale factors, offsets and directions of rotation in degrees . The transformation is done by multiplying each coordinate with its respective
3826: A function to calculate the step size in DM algorithm based on given parameters .   [...]'s input data type is double, 'Bandwidth of signal or noise'. The output will be an
3827: Extracting percentage from the given input and returning it as output in rounding off to two decimal places" . "Input is taken, then if extracted successfully returns its value else displays error message."}
3828: This function is used to get the IP addresses of interfaces in different types and their respective states, which are then stored as hash tables within 'variable' variable."   }}}}}} . }} )}
3829: A function that calculates the superficial cubic of an object. The input is cubed and then multiplied by six to get superficical volume, which can be used in physics calculations like density
3830: Returns the inflected form of an adjective in English.  If no matching word is found, it returns nil; otherwise return its singular or plural version as string."}') },{ "
3831: Computes the surface temperature from an input of heating flux in W/m^2K and returns it as Kelvin, rounded to two decimal places."   [END]    Code snip
3832: Change the coordinates of two points in wire. If they are not on same line, change their direction and distance from start point to endpoint respectively by given steps; if already at endpoint then just reverse
3833: Finds all points in the given rectangle. The input is an ordered list of coordinates and another rectangular region, which defines what to look out into from each point on its x axis or y axes
3834: A function that reverses the order of elements in list. It uses conditionals to determine which operator is used between two numbers and returns it as string .  For example, if input was [1
3835: Extracts the account id from an AWS Code Pipelines job hash object if it exists, otherwise returns #F .  [...]"}}' -> '{"code": {"pipeline
3836: Generates GUID section of the file with given attributes and type in temporary location ."' . "\n"; } else { echo 'Error generating Guids';}');}" ;;   //
3837: Scales the input to between zero and two hundred fifty five with an optional rounding function applied if necessary .   Code is used in conjunction of other functions that convert values from one range into another,
3838: Calculates the percentage of responses that were correct in Csat test results, given number o ftotal tests and nr correctly answered .  	;; Returns percentages as float value between [min
3839: Returns true if the HTTP response should be retried. This function checks whether an http request returned with error or not, and returns false otherwise . The range of acceptable codes is between [403
3840: A function that takes two arguments, checks if the first argument is number or float. If it's not then applies second one to its arguement and returns result of applying operation on input;
3841: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find maxima in an array or list using recursion and without builtin functions like MAX().   .    .....     ......
3842: Parses the last part of an URL to get its unique identifier.  This is useful when dealing with bots that are trying different UID'S on your site, and you want them
3843: Evaluates the accuracy of beauty, fashion and mobile in terms on KAGGLE public dataset using split ratio .8 or more as validation set with random selection from each class to get an estimate
3844: A function that returns the Kr�nner product of two vectors. It is used to calculate dot products in linear algebra, and it's also useful when you want an identity matrix with dimensions equal
3845: This function takes in the name of an article and replaces all slashes with underscores. It is used to create URLs from titles, which are often displayed on websites or printed documents etc
3846: Finds the minimum value in list. If input is empty, it returns an initial guess of max integer to prevent errors when trying min function on non numbers or lists that are not sorted numerically but
3847: Convert time in ms to hh.mm ss format with leading zeros if necessary."   }}}}}}`, `(let ((x '())) ) ;; end of main body }} })
3848: Generates the trailer of an object.  It is used to close off objects in HTML formatting."   .)))))    #t :else nil})" }}}}}} }} }) {{{
3849: A recursive function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. For example, if input is '346', output will be "9" which means that there are three numbers
3850: Clean the name by converting to lower case and splitting into list of strings. Then join them with underscore as separator, removing any leading or trailing whitespace from each string in turn before joining
3851: Removes the specified DNS name from known hosts file in ssh client." (code snippet)"   . )")).)))))").)). ).(((()=>{return {}).then
3852: A function that performs floating point division. If the second number is zero, it returns 'undefined'. Otherwise return result of dividing first by secound .'s value".").   [END
3853: A function that converts all whitespaces to underscores and lowercases the characters in string. It uses recursion with helper functions defined inside it, which is used as filters on each character of
3854: Merge two binary trees. If one of the input is null, return other as result; if both are not empty then merge them and update parent pointers accordingly."   }]], "
3855: Convert MIDI note number to frequency. The formula is derived from the fact that each octave has one semitone, and every third of an octaves notes are in middle C which gives
3856: A function that replaces all instances of <image> with the equivalent tag in an HTML string.  This is useful when you want to use amphtml tags within your website's content, but
3857: Checks if the current epoch is at or after an end of period. If so, returns true; otherwise false."  	    		   			     									       . "The function takes two
3858: A function to convert binary string representation of numbers into their decimal equivalent. 1 bit = 0 or .376..., upto nth place where the value is represented by 'bits'.
3859: A function to perform inverse linear interpolation. It takes three arguments, two points and an input value 'v'. The output is the corresponding y position on line between given point(s). This method
3860: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. Input is string of form #RRGGBB . Outputs list [R G B] where R, and , are integers between   from
3861: A function to calculate the faster of two numbers. It uses recursion and memoization, reducing redundant calculations by storing intermediate results in memory." --->(defun slower_of
3862: A function to manipulate the scale of an instrument. It can increase or decrease by one octave, and it also handles negative numbers correctly."}')}}}}}'})" }}, { "
3863: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two lists. The hamminngdistance is calculated by subtracting elements of both input list and then counting remaining unmatched ones in one's
3864: Builds the query parameters to be used in an HTTP request. If length of 'verion' is less than four characters, it returns only one parameter with its value as given by input; otherwise
3865: Generates the tag string used by firesim. This is mainly to identify which version of fireSim we are using and what kind/version it was built from."'s" . )).(
3866: A function that checks if the input is in list format. If not, it converts to one by wrapping into an enclosing parentheses group of length 1 . e g.,
3867: Checks if the given input is an SSL on directives. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending upon type of argument provided to function _check_.   .    Code sn
3868: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. The result is returned as list with three elements [GCD, x , y], where GCD = ax + by and
3869: A function to convert time in milliseconds into readable format. It takes an integer argument representing the number of milisecodess and returns it as string with minute(min):second form
3870: Generates dictionary of target numbers from given number. The key is the index and value corresponds to digit at that position in input string representation . e..g, if we have '134'
3871: This function takes in two arguments, an array of strings and the character to be replaced. It replaces all vowals with given char before adding them into new string separated by space or other provided separ
3872: Returns the list of URLs that contain any keyword from given key word array.  [1 line]   .eof" } , "code": { }, "" : "", ".endum",
3873: This function returns the type of binocularity based on its intensity. It is used to determine how much an object can be seen from two different angles at once in three dimensions, which determines whether
3874: A function to convert the numerical rating of an item into its string representation. The ratings are as follows : Terrible, Bad , OK and Good . If there is no match then it returns Excellent
3875: This function returns the n' term of an arithmetic sequence. It takes three parameters - initial number, difference and required position in terms to find out that particular element from series . The formula used is
3876: This function pads the left of an integer with zeros. If it is positive and divisible by four, then no padding occurs; otherwise pad to make up space in binary representation which can be represented
3877: Returns the complement of an integer or float number provided as argument." (defun compose/decompoise .*input*) )"    "Compose two numbers by adding them
3878: This function takes as input an DNA sequence and returns its reverse complements. It uses the map, case statement to iteratively apply each character in 'dna' through our helper procedure that determines what
3879: A function to convert Celsius temperature into Farenheight scale .   [END]    "C" )).(defun c_temp ()	(* -40	c)))	.((
3880: A recursive function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The base case is when the input number equals zero, in which it returns '0'. When equal one return's as string of
3881: A function to parse phrases into their component strings. It uses underscore as the delimiter between each word in order not too many of them are joined together with an underline (_). The input
3882: A function to calculate the value of e^(log res * -base). This is used in calculating power. It's also useful when you want an approximation or calculation with very small numbers,
3883: A function that performs block renormalizations on the input list of signals, by dividing each element in turn with two and adding it to its previous value until all elements have been processed . The result
3884: Converts MIDI number to ANSI Note. The input is the integer representing one of sixteen pitches in an octave, and returns string representation with two characters - first letter
3885: A function that calculates the wave number based on current model's progress and total duration. It returns either one of two values depending upon whether it is less than or equal to its own size,
3886: A function to calculate the sum of dividers. It uses helper functions isDivisible and findAllNumbersToCheck which are used in finding all numbers that can divide given input, then sums them
3887: Combines like term in the list. The function takes as input an ordered sequence of symbols and returns their combination which is similar to combining two or more such sequences into one, but with each symbol repeated
3888: This function calculates the total cost of an item. It takes three parameters - content and style, both are required to calculate it's value; while 'alpha', is used as multiplier factor
3889: Checks if the given 'board' is horizontal valid. A "valid" horizontally adjacent grid of cells in which each cell contains an integer from one to n, where there are no
3890: Get the display name of an object.  The format is 'FamilyName':'VersionNumber'.   If no version number exists, it will default to zero." .))})}}}}}`;
3891: This function returns the sign of an input number, either negative one if less than zero or positive on greater and equal to zeros respectively." .   [END] Code :(defun
3892: Generates the full path of an object in two tables.  The prefix is appended to form part or whole name, and root string forms base file/directory structure .  	Example : comp
3893: A function that takes two arguments, an input string and the number of characters to shift. It returns new shifted version with first 'n' chars moved towards end in original order while other parts are
3894: Computes the power spectral density of an array. The result is inversely proportional to its dimension, ie., it's half as big when you double your data points and less so with larger
3895: Returns list of eligible Craters based on their latitude and longitudes. The criteria are that the height is between (-49, +78] degrees N/S , depth above sea level
3896: A function to generate vues in Vuetify.  It takes an input and returns the string representation of it wrapped with double curly braces {{}}.   .'s are used as
3897: This function calculates the bogoMIPS of all CPUs on Linux. It uses / proc \ n . processor to get information about each individual physical or virtual machine, then it filters out
3898: This function returns the position of an element in one dimensional array. It takes two arguments, 'i' and number elements n . If it is zero then return [(position)] if its less than
3899: A function to print command list.  It takes in the commands as an argument and prints them out one by line with '/' prefix followed after each item of that sequence."  ``` . ```
3900: Converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that conversts temperature from degrees of freewheeling in calsuis degree scale into the equivalent value on
3901: A function to calculate the maximum distance between two points in n dimensions. The formula is derived from Euclidean Distance, which measures how far apart they are on their respective axes and it's
3902: A function that opens the file at given 'path' in read or write modes. If an exception occurs during opening, it returns false; otherwise return true and open input stream object of specified type .
3903: Generates the first word of any string input. It's used to get an initial idea about what kind or type something is, in terms that it can be processed by our program later on .
3904: Convert the input into its unsigned equivalent. If it's larger than max limit, raise error; if smaller or equal but negative then also raises and handles errors in that case as well ; otherwise return
3905: Normalizes the float value to be between 0 and one. It's used in machine learning algorithms where we want our data points within certain range, so it helps us do that by scaling down
3906: Parsing an integer into its constituent parts. The result is returned as two lists, the first one with all digits of input number and second list contains their corresponding mode values in descending
3907: Checks if the given input is an integer. 1 or -n where n > 0 are considered integers, but not zero and negative numbers that have no fractional part other than . in decimal
3908: Validates the status of copying files. If not validating then it throws an error message stating that copy operation has been stopped due to invalidation or failure in transfer process .  #n/a
3909: A function that reverses the order of elements in list.  It uses recursion to reverse each element and then combines them together into one new, single item long sequence which is returned as output from
3910: Checks if the given string is private. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or nil depending on whether there are any characters after "_". This function checks only at start of identifier
3911: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the parameters of both integers and returns their sum as an integer value .   "Adds" means to add together or combine, here meaning adding
3912: A function that adds one to the argument passed. This is an example of how you can use functions in Python, and it's also useful as part or fuller understanding on using higher order/
3913: A function to calculate the number of minutes from an hour and minute representation. It takes in two parameters, hours as string format e..g "18" , minutesss .as strings
3914: A recursive function that converts the case of each character in an input string. If it's odd, convert to upper; if even - lower Case" . "   Code snippet
3915: Generates the URL of an image file based on its format and coordinates.  The url is in terms that are specific to each map service provider's naming convention, such as normal or terr
3916: Compare two files. If the file names are equal, return true; otherwise false."  [END]'   '[BEGIN]: compare history of one or more .txt documents.' }"
3917: A function to convert bytes into human readable format. It uses the power of recursion and quotients in order not only converts but also keeps track on how many times it has divided by powers
3918: A function that calculates the alphabet value of an input string. The calculation is based on ASCII values and subtracts by 'A' character index to get number from zero, then sums
3919: Checks if the given string is palidromic. A word or phrase that reads same backward as forward, ignoring spaces and punctuation marks are considered to be "PalinDROMes
3920: Returns the first element of pair if it exists, else returns itself. This function is used to unify pairs and lists in one line by removing any nesting level that might be present within these data
3921: Generates the first N selected Terms and their corresponding scores from given list of term, score pairs. If there are more than n elements in input then it will return all available items else if less or
3922: A function that generates unique ids of given length. The generated uid is composed by random characters from the set [a..f] and each character has an equal chance to be either lower or
3923: A function that creates and returns the coordinates of an axis aligned rectangle.  The rectangles are defined by two points, which define its bottom left corner as well top right corners respectively . For example make
3924: Counts the number of elements in list that are also present within another given lists. The count is calculated by summing up all occurrences from both input arrays and dividing it with total size
3925: Split data line into components.  If there are three elements, return the first two and third as voltage; otherwise just returns them in order of appearance." Code snippet to
3926: A function that converts the initial character of each word to upper case. If input string is empty, it returns false; otherwise return converted title formatting version as output." Code sn
3927: Check if an entry exists in the database.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or error message "Entry not found".    .end cond )" } ] ], { :name =>
3928: This function is used to tweek the encryption range based on configuration. It takes in one argument, which determines how much of each bit should be flashed out during an attack or defense operation; it
3929: Computes the square of sums from 'begin' to given number. The range is inclusive, ie., [start..end]. For example; if we call `(code ((lambda x {
3930: Convert the input to its equivalent on one line.  If it's not already in that format, convert each element of list/tensor into an appropriate form and join them together with spaces or comm
3931: Computes the flow parameter of an object.  The formula is derived from velocity and length, but it's used to compute other parameters like friction coefficient or resistance in fluid dynamics simulations etc..
3932: A function that checks if all elements in an input list are less than or equal to the given number.  If they aren't, it returns false; otherwise true .   It uses recursion
3933: Checks if the input value can be converted to float.  Returns true or false accordingly.";	End of Code Block} ; End Function Definition }}} . }} ) -> 104
3934: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. Code is written in Scheme language and uses the number conversion function of scheme which converts numbers into strings with specified base, here it's used as
3935: Computes the edit distance between two strings. The string to be compared is given as an argument and it returns how many operations are needed in order that one can transform first into second by using insert,
3936: Code to check if password contains certain types of connections. Returns the score based on how many times each type appears in that string, with more common ones scoring higher and less frequent appearances getting lower scores
3937: Generates flakes command to run on the given python source.  This is used in CI/CD pipelines and can be executed locally as well .  	Type of Code : Function, Input
3938: Convert level to color. Levels are used in logging and can be converted into colors based on their severity levels."   .    Code:. ## A function that converts the log message'
3939: A function that returns the nth element of an array. If it's less than zero or greater then three, raises exception with error message indicating invalid input; otherwise return corresponding index in vector .
3940: This function calculates the number of blocks to mine. It takes as input an array containing information about different types and sizes blockages in channels, then adds up all these lengths together plus ten hundred additional
3941: A comparison function that compares two strings by their lengths. If the length of both are equal, it returns zero; if string 'a' is shorter than another one then return negative number (-),
3942: This function takes as input an arbitrary list and returns the same structure, but with all nested lists flattened. It uses recursion to handle any level of nesting in your original data structures."
3943: Generates an empty conjunction of size 'n' x ‘size’. It is used to initialize the conjunctions in our logic programming language." --->(def unaryCon
3944: A function that takes in an integer and returns the result of adding or subtracting ten from it. This is used to simulate changing some value by increasing its variation, which can be useful when testing algorithms
3945: Finds the first node in list of Nodes with matching display Name.  If no match is found, returns false .   '(defun findNodeByDisplayNamemacro'
3946: Logs out the current user.  If 'command' is either equal to or starts with string value of log in, then it logs Out User . Otherwise , returns false indicating that operation failed due
3947: Calculates the area of rhombic dome with given diagonals length in cm .   [Examples :( RhombiArea ,3,4)]    Returns Area as float number
3948: A function that truncates the given input to specified length. If it exceeds, returns original value else return trimmed version of itself .   [...]    Code snippet : `(defun
3949: Create systematic arguments based on the given dictionary of parameters.  If no parameter is provided it returns an empty string otherwise creates and appends to existing ones with respective values from input dict." (def
3950: This function converts the input into string representation. If it is not null, then returns its numeric or symbol equivalent; otherwise return false/nil .  It's used to convert all non
3951: A function to calculate the GMOF of two numbers. The formula is derived from numerical methods in physics and mathematics, specifically related with Gaussian mean value operator method used by some physicists . It
3952: A simple function that returns an input multiplied by one. It's used as placeholder in backward propagation algorithm to calculate gradient of loss with respect ot weights and bias parameters, which is not needed here
3953: Generates frequency sub graphs from the edge list. The graph is generated by taking each unique pair of nodes in order to count their frequencies and generate all possible combinations that can be formed using these pairs as
3954: Parses an option's label into its component parts. 1st step is splitting, then converting it downcases with replacements of '_'->spaces etc., finally convert that
3955: A function that performs element wise division of two lists. The result is another list with the same length as input, where each item in output corresponds to an equivalent pair from inputs divided by corresponding elements respectively
3956: This function takes in list of strings and returns the same input but with all empty elements removed.  It uses map to apply filter on each element, then trims any leading or trailing whitespace
3957: A function to format time in the form of mm.ss or mmmm ss, depending on whether it'll be less than one second and how many decimal places are needed respectively . e..
3958: Returns the ratio of two numbers. If second number is zero, it returns first one otherwise return division result between them." Code snippet to test your function with some examples :(
3959: Converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code snippet that conversts the given temperature in degrees of celisus into farenheight and returns it as
3960: A function that decides the probability of an action being chosen in given number and type environment, based on its position within total available actions or "episodes". The probabilities are differentiated by their
3961: A function to determine the screnner type based on input. It takes either string or list of strings as an argument and returns one among 'Forex','America','UK/German
3962: Tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual whitespaces.  It also trims any leading or trailing white spaces from each tokenized word, and returns them as an array of strings
3963: Display the tags of a list in tabular format with their corresponding values or percentages if applicable, given that they are either integers and/or floats respectively; otherwise it will display them as strings
3964: A function to convert an email addresses into URL safe format. It takes in the form of '(name . domain).' and returns it as url friendly string with name part followed by @domain,
3965: Checks if the given letter is in other letters digits. 1=yes,0 = no .   This function will be used to check whether an inputted character belongs within one of four
3966: A function that joins formatted text into one line. If the list is empty, it returns an emtpy string; otherwise concatenates each element of its argument with newline character if not last in
3967: Counts the number of occupied seats in an array. The input is assumed to be two dimensional with '#' representing empty and '.' as taken by passengers .   Code snippet that counts all
3968: Create an id string from the type and ID of some kind.  For example, "user/10".   This is used to identify resources in various contexts like logging or error reporting etc..
3969: This function finds the secondary structure regions of an amino acid sequence. It uses DSSP data to find these region boundaries and returns them as lists in order from leftmost boundary upwards, with
3970: Checks if an array is sorted in ascending order.  If the list has one or no elements, it'll be considered as being already ordered and thus returns #true; otherwise checks whether
3971: Calculates the controversiality of an event. 10% more than normal billing rate, but less then twice as much .   Code is to calculate how many times customers have paid over
3972: This function returns the proposed value of cutting off. It takes two parameters, 'Cut Off Value' and its corresponding parameter name as input which is used to determine how much we should reduce or increase our
3973: Convert the given input to an integer or 'false' if it is not convertible.  If none, return false; otherwise returns converted number as int .   Code snippet that can be
3974: Returns the history of moves made by computer.  It takes in two parameters, 'piece' and "Board state". The function returns all possible movements that can be done on given pieces."
3975: Checks if the current program is running in GUI mode. If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length : ~3 lines    Author(s): [Your Name]     Date of
3976: This function returns the alignment of an element based on its horizontal justification value, which is between [1/4 ,3/8] . The left side aligns to start from x and right
3977: Checks if two numbers are nearly equal.  It uses the absolute difference between them to determine equality, and checks that it is less than some small threshold (.09). This function will return true
3978: Creates and returns the database URI.  The format is as follows : [database type]//[username]:[passwd @][server name].[com|org].   It's used
3979: Checks if the given token is an adjective or adverb. 1/0 in boolean form, true means it's one of these two types and false otherwise..   .    Code snip
3980: Checks if the string is ASCII or not. If it's an ascii, returns #true else false . It checks each character of input and ensures that they are within range from
3981: This function checks if the day of week is weekend or not. It returns 'true' when it finds any number greater than five, else return false/no value .  	    	    "
3982: Checks if two fractions are equal.  If they're, returns true; otherwise false."  	    		   			     									       .))" }}}}}}... "}
3983: Checks if all characters in the given string are ASCII. If yes, returns #true; otherwise return false or an error message indicating that some character is not asccii compatible with your system
3984: Convert string to bool. If the input is yes, true if it's any of these other options then false otherwise else error message will be shown when not recognized option provided .  Code snip
3985: Returns the name of repository if it is .Git based. Otherwise, returns original string as default value in case no match found." --->(defun filterRepoName (. git
3986: A recursive function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as fib(n, where ',' is used instead of '.') .'s and it returns either
3987: Checks if string is decimal. 1849 -> √(3^6 * .07 + `e') = ~= ±  £   €     £"
3988: This function takes in one argument and returns the smallest possible number that can be represented as an integer or float, depending on whether it is zero itself . If not , then return input value directly; if
3989: A function that joins all the strings in an inputted string array into one single, comma separated value. If there is only on or no element it returns empty String .   "(list of Str
3990: A function that truncates the given string to specified maximum characters. If it's longer than max, append an ellipsis ("... ") at end of sentence." Example usage :
3991: Returns the status of an Activity. 0 = Success, anything else is failure .  1= In Progress , -3/4  = Failed and so on...    Code snippet to get
3992: Checks if the given string contains either 'Critical' or ‘Opposites’. If so, returns true; otherwise false .   [1pt] (load "/path/
3993: Determine if the given number is odd or even. If it's an integer, check whether its value exceeds two and return "Yes". Otherwise,"No." . The function will take in one
3994: A CoAP response with the given Class and Detail. Code is used to generate an integer representation of COAP responses in RFC7961, which defines them as integers from -4
3995: Converts DNA to RNA.  Replaces all 't's with Uthrons in the input string, then returns it as output."  	    	    .
3996: Convert list of record objects to JSON format.  Each object in the input is converted into an array where each element represents key/value pair and then wrapped inside another parenthesis which makes it json formatted
3997: Calculates the through fall flux. If there is enough space in store, it returns amount of rain falling down from top to bottom; otherwise return total rainfall value as if no storage was present
3998: A recursive implementation of the sqrt function using bisection method to find square root in one line, with an acceptable error rate upto .9876%. (END OF
3999: Wraps the string in backticks.  Useful when embedding slacker messages into your program, as it prevents Slacks from interpreting special characters and format codes within strings that might otherwise
4000: Returns the name of an objects skin.  This is used to get information about what kind or type it's skinned into, etc... .   It also allows you can change its appearance by
4001: Checks if the input is valid coordinate pair. It should be an integer list of length two, and both elements in that order are integers."  	     .    "Returns true or false depending
4002: Computes the ratio of two tension values to determine if they are in contact with each other or not, using an approximation method based on their relative sizes and orientations .   [END] ").
4003: Convert the given number of points to pixels. If it is equal or less than one, convert from point/inch into pixel and round off upwards by default; if more then return as per conversion
4004: A function to get all points on the diagonal from one point(starting coordinates,end coordinate). The starting and ending are inclusive. If they're not in order then it will return them revers
4005: Removes the specified 'prefix' from end of given input. If it is not present, returns original value as output .   Code snippet : removeSuffixedString = "(def
4006: Removes all whitespaces from the input string. Code is written in Scheme language and uses recursion to solve problem efficiently without using any builtin functions like trim or rtrim etc.."
4007: A function that returns the string '(concatenates)' with input parameter.  The output is always followed by an exclamation mark and then appends to it hello message from user provided
4008: Convert an Upper Cammel Case string to Lower camel case. For example, "UpperCamels" would be converted into lowerCase("uppCamlS").'s".   .
4009: A function that wraps an integer within the range [0,m). It'll keep adding to modulus until it gets back into original number. This is used in modular arithmetic where we
4010: Checks if the given argument is an existing, defined data structure.  If it's not one of those four types - ARRAY or STRING then returns false; otherwise true .
4011: Removes the language from source codes. If it's not in format of two line, or if there is no space between them then return original string else remove only first newline character and keep
4012: Convert the given string to minutes. If it's just one part, convert that single component into number form; otherwise add up two parts and divide by sixty(for converting hours)."
4013: A function to calculate the ceiling of division.  It rounds up if there is any remainder."  	    		   			     									       .'..'./''.'.../. '.-
4014: A function to format the given string as 'day/months' in different languages. It splits by '/', then formats it into day, month and year order respectively using list indexing .
4015: Checks if the input number is in Lucas–Lehmers test. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true." Code : "LucaS LeH
4016: Generates the name of vocabulary file based on whether retweeted tweets are included and maximum n gram length.  For example, if we want to generate files with all possible unigrams
4017: Checks if the input is either an empty vector or scalar. If it's not, then checks whether its length equals to one and further verifies that element at index zero of such vectors are
4018: A function to calculate the magnitude of an input list.  It squares each element in turn and sums them up, then takes that result's square root which gives us our final answer - The length
4019: A function that calculates the padding needed to be added or subtracted from an image's height and width. This is useful when resizing images in different platforms, as it allows you not only
4020: This function calculates the maximum chi value, variance and mean square. It takes three parameters - two numbers representing alphabets & one number as an extra parameter which is used to calculate all
4021: A function to calculate the percentage of one number out from another, rounded off at .xx decimal places."   [END] (defun percent (/ x y))	;Defines an equivalent
4022: Checks if two parties have the same address and either business name or person's names.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   Code length : x characters(approx)."
4023: Parses the request string and returns package name. If not valid format then throws an error with message .  The input is assumed to be in form of <PackageName> ==<VersionNumber
4024: A function that takes an input string and checks if it starts with '#' or '&#'. If not, prepends the character # to make sure.  It returns either original/inputted
4025: Preprocesses the input to determine if it is boolean, number or string. If not one of these types then return original else convert accordingly." (code): preprocessor function that takes in
4026: This function sends an end of names signal to the receiver. It is used in Reverse Polish Notation calculator program, where it helps with communication between different parts and handles signals sent by
4027: A function to format the URLs of experiments and runs.  The output is in standard form, with "/", not as part or trailing slash but separated by "#". This makes it easy
4028: Generates the names of tuple states. 1st element is state name, second one its hash value . e..g., '0' -> ['(baseName)_numStates']
4029: This function returns the variant ID. If it is not set, then return chromosome and position as string else just returning id itself." (defun dfv10347
4030: Checks if there are at least 'k' elements in the list that satisfy an arbitrary predicate.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .
4031: Defines the function to calculate the value of an indeterminate expression. The terms and termssum functions are used recursively, with each call reducing by one level until reaching zero levels which then
4032: Converts an integer into its one hot encoding. For example, convert the number "9" to [true false true False True]. If you input anything other than integers it will return error message
4033: Finds the maximum number in an array.  If no numbers are provided, it returns "No Numbers".   It uses recursion to find max value of list if there is more than one
4034: A function to format the given number of seconds into hours, minutes and second. The result is returned as string in 'x h y m s' form." (code): ) }}}
4035: Clean up the affiliation string in an academic record.  It replaces common abbreviations and phrases with their full form, trims leading/trailing spaces & removes extra white space between terms if
4036: A function that returns 'Fuzz' if the number is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it will return either FIZZ or BUZZ. If not evenly divided then just outputs
4037: Returns the path to full corpusto be used in conversation with WikiConV toolkit  .   [END] Code:.   ```python ``` python (.----+-----.) |..
4038: Extracting labels from source files. If the input is not list, it returns an empty label set; otherwise extract and return all unique file names in that directory or subdirectory as strings of characters separated
4039: Normalizes the identity of an object. If it is not string, returns empty String .   Code snippet : normalizecode/code10346789aef
4040: Returns the color map name associated with input 'band'. If no such mapping exists, it returns #f.  This function is used to get colors from different bands of an image in matplotlib
4041: Returns the consensus sequence based on voting. If weights are equal, returns first inputted sequences's one with higher index in alphabetical order." (defun getConsensi .
4042: This function extracts all the information from an input file into lists of individual entries. It uses recursion to handle nested structures and returns them as one list per entry, with each subentry separated by
4043: A function that calculates the combined length of two lens separations.  The lengths are given as fractions and multiplied together to get an overall fractional separation value, which is then subtracted
4044: This function takes as input the list of bounding boxes and returns their mid points. It uses map to apply lambda functions on each element in 'bbos'. The result is returned by applying these
4045: This function returns the list of variables observed in an expression. If no variable is found, it will return 'na'. Otherwise ,it concatenates all names with underscore and then gives that string as
4046: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb up an N steps stair case. The step size is either one, two or three at any time and no jump over more than twice in sequence
4047: A recursive function to perform binary image segmentation. It takes an output of the previous segmented images and another array with values representing sizes or weights in each dimension, then it performs one step towards performing
4048: Convert string to list.  Split the inputted strings into lists based on provided delimiter(s).   If no splitting is required, return original value as it would be in case of
4049: A function that returns the first three elements of vector [(3, -9 ,   . ), (-.,   +)] in radians as per IEEE standard representation" }]}]}],
4050: This function retrieves the flow cell name from either sample id, run or both. If none of these are present it returns default value provided by parameter 'default'.  [END SUMMARY]
4051: Convert all dots in the input to underscores.  This is useful when you want your file names or any other identifiers that contain periods, but they are not allowed as part of an identifier