1: Returns the result of multiplying each element in 'a' by scalar value.  The output is
2: Remove the '**' character from MHC string in input dataframe column ‘MHCI
3: Check whether all files from the given list are already included as part of another import.  If yes
4: Return different messages based on the input.  If 'condition' is met, returns [WARNING]
5: Convert an email address to RFC 1349 formatting rules .i..e.,
6: Returns the position of rightmost set bit in binary representation .   Code is to find out where one
7: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
8: Convert hyphenated API names to slash separated format in the form of "pack/manager"
9: Converts HMS to degrees using the formula of converting an hour into decimal degree, then adding
10: Update the 'Access' field in Full Record.  If it is not set then sets to emb
11: Returns the URL to fetch photos of user's uploaded media on Facebook using their User ID and Access
12: A function that takes in string and returns list of characters.  It uses recursion to split the
13: Returns the index of its first child in an array. This function is used to get indices that are
14: Get the primary transcipt of miRRNAs.  If available, returns 'mirna
15: Filter out duplicate coordinates.  Returns the original set of points after removing duplicates by keeping only one
16: Increase the value of an inputted number by 3%. . Code is used to increase given
17: Combine an array of dictionaries with the same 'entities' key into one list, recurs
18: Calculates the product ratio of two numbers.  It's used to calculate how much one number
19: Convert an IP address to decimal format using the dot notation method of conversion .e..g., "
20: This function subtracts the given 'value' from each pixel in an RGB or ARGB integer
21: Create and Return the Set of Choices in Dictionary d.  This function will convert dictionary to its
22: Create and Return the URL to access data of an experiment in GXA system  .   [
23: Get the value of an attribute from dictionary. If not found returns empty string and raises exception otherwise .
24: A function to recursively "flattens" an arbitrarily nested array.  It uses
25: Convert underscores to spaces in string input, useful when generating LaTeX from text data
26: Defines function 'f' that takes an input parameter and returns the value 0. This is
27: Check whether the first character of an air traffic control list entry starts with 'R'. If it does
28: Builds the Canonic Request string to be used in Amazon Signature Version 4 signing process .
29: Compute the average of numbers in list. If input is empty, returns zero .   Code length
30: Check whether the value of 'if existing' exists.  If it does exist then returns true else
31: Determine the page's main type of contents. 0/4 stars based on quality and
32: Generates report names based on the type of simulation.  If no talents or charms are provided
33: Given an integer n, returns the number of partners in Project Euler problem #96. The
34: Convert decimal number to its equivalent in base 3. If the input is negative then convert it into
35: Returns whether images need to be distorted.  If any of the parameters are True then image needs
36: A recursive function to calculate the exponentiation of an integer. It uses "y" as number
37: Convert Human readable sizes to Bytes.   Inputs are in the format 'X[B
38: Create database name based on prefix and other parameters.  Code is used to generate the final db names
39: Returns True when the url ends with .mp3. Otherwise returns false or None depending on whether it
40: Returns the sign of input. If it's zero, returns 'zero'. Elseif positive
41: Returns the line width based on whether or not we are using realizations of FGoals Groups
42: This function returns the URL of an online analysis tool based on its type and identifier .  It is
43: Returns the 'number' of digits in N. If index is out range then returns none
44: Check whether all the given key names exist within an array.  If they do then returns true otherwise
45: Convert the given string into an integer. If it is '.' then convert as 0, else
46: Defines function to check if number 'x' even. Returns True or False based on whether the
47: This function calculates the value of VS from the given value SV, using an equation derived
48: Apply rewrites to dates.  If no more rewrite steps are available returns the original list of
49: This function checks if an Agent's current activity overlaps with the given TimeSpan.  It
50: A function that returns the digts in string.  It uses recursion to find and concatenates
51: A function that returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code is written in Python language and uses conditional
52: A function that scrubs HTTP error codes. It takes an array of URLs and returns the same
53: Returns true when two strings end with the same type of connection or are both "connected". Otherwise returns
54: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
55: Convert an item into its simplest form. If the input isn't iterable then it returns itself
56: Return the label of each node in binary trees.  This function will be used to identify which nodes
57: Convert Python day of the week to SQL Server equivalent. For example, Monday is converted into Sunday and
58: This function calculates the signed distance from point to line defined by two points. The result is positive
59: Convert the given numeric input to an equivalent column in 3D grid. If it's
60: A recursive function to calculate the value of chebychevs polynomial. The input is two parameters
61: This function checks whether the first and last characters of an input string are alphas. If they
62: Computes the maximum number of nested lists within an inputted array. The function takes as its argument
63: Split the input string into separate tokens based on whitespaces in Python 3 Code snippet
64: Convert the given colors to clickable text in UrWidgets formatting – convert brown and grey
65: A function that returns the value of polynomial equation.  The coefficients are given as parameters to be passed
66: Create an HTML formatted string of the input.  Each item in output is enclosed within <ul
67: Calculates the number of beateries in an array. If no peak is found, returns zero
68: Convert binary string to integer.  Code is the input, returns an equivalent decimal number as output .
69: Convert an Epoch timestamp to milliseconds.   Input is the number of seconds since January,
70: Convert the given number of cyclic permutations to linear.   Inputs are an array with integers
71: Calculates the Average Monthly Earnings based on different factors and conditions .   [...]
72: Returns the first name from an Author object. If no such information exists it returns Anonymouns
73: Returns the command to add or remove loopbacks based on whether vRouter is in present mode.
74: Compare two floating point numbers with an error margin. If the absolute value of their differences is less than
75: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula and offsets provided by
76: Convert time in milliseconds to human readable form .   Input : Second number, Output =
77: Logs the file and its current state.  [e]xample usage -> 'logging
78: Convert the given P value to its significance string representation – e,g., '*' means
79: Convert the name of an object to its class equivalent in lowercase with spaces replaced by underscores
80: Check if two intervals overlap.  Code checks whether one interval overlaps with another by checking the boundaries
81: This function takes as input the paths of multiple models and returns their names based on them, which are
82: A function that calculates the number of ways to partition 'm' items into different groups such as
83: A function that maps two numbers to their Gaussian transformation.  The first number is transformed by multiplying
84: Find the index of all occurrences.  Returns list with indices where string is found within given
85: A function that searches an item in the list. It returns indices of all occurrences found within
86: This function checks the type of opening tag used to wrap some text. If it'll be recognized
87: Create and manage provider data.  .   Format Provider Data as dictionary object with keys ID ,
88: Returns the maximum of two numbers with given margin.  Takes into account possible rounding errors when
89: Check the status of Elasticsearch indices.  Returns True or false based on whether there is at
90: This function generates the sequence of numbers from 9 to n, replacing each number with '!' and
91: Returns true when the string s contains only whitespaces.  Otherwise, returns false .   Example usage
92: Calculates the percentage of correct predictions. It takes two lists as input and returns one number which is
93: This function constrains the given 'Cell' object to its parent class type ('A', or
94: This function checks whether the optimization costs have stopped improving. If they haven't improved by more than
95: Computes the sum of all elements in list. If no element is present then returns 0 and
96: A recursive function to calculate the PoChHamMeR of two numbers. It is used in
97: This function takes in an input string and returns the protein id from it using split operations on different levels
98: Check the validity and range conditions. If invalid or outrange condition met then it will terminates with
99: A recursive function that laces two strings together. If one string is empty it returns the other
100: Returns whether the sum of b and c is greater than or equal to that value stored in variable '
101: Returns the result of dividing input by two, but when odd numbers are passed. The function will
102: Returns whether the given closing price is smaller than opening. If it's true then returns 'True
103: This function calculates the maximum sequence in samples. It uses recursion to calculate lengths of sequences and
104: Determine if the points are on one side of line segment.  The function takes three arguments representing
105: Convert string representation of boolean value into actual Python bool.  If the provided argument is not valid,
106: This function takes in string name and returns the same with .CSV extension.  For example,
107: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer using Recursion. The input is any non
108: This function checks the user's guessing ability against an actual random integer between two given numbers and returns
109: Returns the number of items per page from an API response. If not available, it defaults to returning
110: Convert the given parameters into an instance format.  For example "github/orgs/{username}
111: Get the temporary vApp name.  This function returns temp+"_temps".   .
112: This function returns the balance of an account given its number. If it doesn't exist then false
113: Check whether the given string matches either an existing module or submodules.  If it does match one
114: This function checks whether the input number 'is' Odd or Even. It raises error when non
115: Returns the cell values in an array as strings.  [1] .get() method is used
116: Checks whether the given input represents an anonymous variable.  Returns true when it's one of
117: Computes the total of positive numbers in an array.  [1 point]   Code snip
118: This function repeats the given string. If input number isn't an integer or less than zero
119: Filter employees based on their age and salary.  If the employee is older than or equal to
120: Returns the first non empty string from two input values. If both are not strings then it returns an
121: Returns the integer that represents whether number is positive, negative or zero.   [END] .py
122: A function to generate an empty grid of given rows and column.  The values are all set as
123: Finds the maximum sum of any continguos sub array in an input list. The function uses
124: Extracts the lower half of an immediate value. If it is larger than or equal to
125: Returns the list of categories in our data.  This function is used to fetch all possible category names
126: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation.  The function takes in two inputs x and Y which
127: Returns the URLs from 'ignoreURLS' that are present within ‘SearchUrL’
128: Convert an IPv4 address to integer. Code snippet that converts the given IPV3
129: This function returns the list of all known servers and their respective ID'S from given dictionary with server
130: Returns the list of deep learning models that can be used with transformer based language model.  This includes
131: This function calculates the exponentially decreasing Learning Rate.  It is used in training deep neural networks
132: This function calculates the square of each number from 0 to 'input' and returns their total
133: Filter out duplicate origination and destination pairs.  Returns only unique origin/dests pairings in
134: Convert bed format to string.  This function takes as input the list of lists representing genomic regions
135: Predicts the probability of an object being in contact with another when given its size and distance to
136: This function returns the input string with an escape sequence to change color of output.  It is used
137: Returns true when the input list of lists represents an identity matrix. A square array where all elements on
138: This function is used to filter out the null values in pandas DataFrame.  It returns filtered
139: A function to generate safe filenames from input strings by removing non alphanumeric characters and
140: Computes the expansion of e^(-sum_{i={n}} {xi} / n
141: Parses the given 'Service ID' into its tail part, which is used to identify different
142: Calculates the received power from an EIRP and other factors.  The result is then used
143: This function generates the list of carrieable frequencies from an array with two lists as input parameters -
144: Calculates the value of an event distribution .   Inputs : Distribution dictionary with keys as probabilities
145: This function splits the input string into separate entries based on commas, returning them as list of
146: Compute the F score of two sets based on their respective precisions and recalls . If either
147: This function finds local maxima in the given data. It uses three helper functions to determine whether an
148: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach n stairs. The problem is solved using dynamic
149: Remove '@{...}' from keys of the dictionary and keep only values that are non empty strings or
150: Computes the least squares approximation of PDEs using Padé approximants.  The function takes
151: This function checks whether the given 'secret' string is present as part of another secret or hidden sequence
152: Convert all elements in the sequence to string. If element of type int or floats convert them into
153: A function that divides two numbers. If the second number is ‘zero’ it raises an
154: Finds the product of odd numbers in pairs from an array. Returns empty pair when no such number
155: Checks whether the given number is within specified range.  Returns false otherwise .   Inputs :
156: Defines the function to perform division. If divisior is 1 or not provided it raises
157: Remove special characters from string – only alphanumeric & whitespace are allowed . The function
158: A recursion function to retrieve nested dictionary values.  It takes two arguments - the main dict and
159: This function generates the answer to be sent by server. It checks each character of input string against characters
160: Checks whether one set of values are subset/super.  If the first element matches then it
161: This function divides the input string into chunks of given size. If division is not possible it
162: Computes the total of all elements in list l. Removes duplicated values from it and returns
163: Returns the color based on given numerical grade . 0 <= Score <= 1   -> Crit
164: This function takes two arguments and returns their product.  It's an example of how to define
165: Propagates signs of all input numbers. If they both have same negatives then it raises an
166: Returns the verb to use when describing workflow's current state.  If it is completed or an
167: Returns the product of two numbers.  [1 point]   Code snippet to test it
168: Delete the "User" key from dictionary.  Code explanation of what it does and why is important
169: Returns the product of two lists.  The first element is multiplied by each corresponding pair in second
170: Returns 'OK' when the given value is between [39,71] inclusive. Otherwise
171: Returns true when the input is “True”, false otherwise . If it's not one
172: Replace all occurrences of the given value in input with another specified values .  If it
173: Check whether the resource is of type Property/ Gene. If yes then check its length to be less
174: Convert string to enumeration values  Code snippet that converts the inputted strings into corresponding
175: Convert dBW to Watt. Converstion factor is based on the formula of watth
176: Flatens the inputted lists into one long sequence of elements, using recursion to handle nested sub
177: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were removed from it
178: Returns the highest value in list of numbers excluding certain specified ones. If no such number exists it
179: This function takes as input two parameters - an array of arrays and the index to extract from each sub
180: Remove all digits from the string "<string>".  Returns new str with non digit characters
181: Calculates the mobility of an agent in terms per unit time spent on each state and direction .
182: A recursive function to find the first item in list that ends with given string.  If no
183: A function to convert string representation of vectors into their numerical representations in Python 3 . The input is
184: Split an integer into its digits. Returns two values - the quotient and remainder of division
185: Normalizes the given input.  If it's not an instance of Path then just returns as
186: Calculates the standard deviation of two numbers using pegasus method .   Inputs : Two
187: This function splits the input string into two parts based on comma and returns second part as floating point
188: Returns the string with 'zero' inserted at beginning of each word in an array.  For example
189: Get the User Agent from HTTP Request Header Metadata  Description : Extracts and returns information
190: Get the path to UKB sumstat file based on reference and gender of subjects – MT data
191: Check whether the first element of two lists are equal. If they're, then continue to check
192: Merge two strings. If 'append' is False then it returns the second string otherwise concatenates
193: Check if point is inside rectangle.  Returns True or False .'s   'pt': the
194: A function that returns all upper case letters in the given string.  The recursive approach is used
195: This function formats the years into two digits. If less than ten it adds leading zeros to
196: Calculates and returns percentage of correctly classified instances from two lists by comparing them elementwise .   L
197: Calculates the distance between two points in terms of their longitude and latitudes using Haversine
198: This function takes in an array of boolean values and returns the same length as input, with each element
199: This function returns the dequantization of variable name.   [...] . The result is
200: Divide two numbers and handle exceptions when dividing by zero .  Code is used to perform division
201: This function takes an input list and divides it into chunks of the specified length. If there
202: Sorts Fully Qualified Domain Names by the first part of each domain name and then in
203: Check if the given string matches with http or https protocol and domain name in URL format  .
204: Defines the order of dataframe column names.  If in 'Debug' mode, also includes
205: Decodes the condition from string to integer. If no match found, returns zero .   Inputs
206: This function calculates the number of trials needed to achieve an accuracy level. It takes two parameters -
207: Create and manage subscriptions.  This function takes an id of publisher as input, returns the string
208: A function that takes an integer 'take' and list of elements. It returns the first element in
209: Generates an unique identifier from the input string by converting spaces to underscores and making it lower
210: Defines the ReLU activation function. Returns maximum of x and zero if less than or equal
211: This function sanitsizes the string by replacing non alphanumeric characters with specified character or removing
212: Convert the given number in terms on earth' day to universal measure. This function converts an input
213: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Function at point x  .   Derive your
214: Returns the value of pixel intensity given as percentage from black to white in an image file, based on
215: Returns true when the inputted argument isn't an empty String; otherwise returns false or throws exception
216: This function calculates the variance of white Gaussian Noise. It takes two parameters SNR and e
217: Generates connection string based on the provided parameters. The function is used to generate different types of
218: This function returns the number of groups an individual's current group is in. The base case handles
219: Flattern nested lists.  For example, given [a,[b],c]. the output is
220: Returns True if the file is coded with CMYK color. Otherwise, returns False  .
221: Validates the input of 'validate' function.  Returns true when provided with an existing or non
222: Create function to convert course type into abbreviation.  For example, LECTURE -> '
223: This function scales the input number between two given ranges. It does so by subtracting and then div
224: Calculates the derivative of function f at point dx.  The result is an approximation to df/
225: Convert each character of the inputted strings to its corresponding ASCII value.  This is done by
226: Calculates the intersection over union of two boxes.  Code is based on https://github.com
227: This function returns the total number of dataset in each category. It is used to check whether all datasets
228: Compute the number of fans based on input shapes.  For one dimension only returns that value as
229: This function takes in two parameters - an object of type Component and its name as string format . It
230: Convert the given duration in seconds to steps, assuming that one step is equal   length of an analog
231: Translates the coordinates of an array. If positive translations are given then it shifts elements to
232: Calculates the ratio of two magnitudes using an exponential function to simulate Flux Magnitude Dist
233: A function that pads the given string with leading zeroes. If there are no characters in input strings
234: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
235: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique
236: This function calculates the step size to be used in numerical integration based on an inputted maximum derivative
237: A recursive function to calculate the total of all numbers from 'low' upto and including but
238: Check collision between two rectangles.  If the left edge of one rectangle is less than or equal
239: Finds the common neuron ID'S between two lists.  Returns these as output of function
240: This function calculates the volume of an object with radius r that is inscribed in all three dimensions
241: A function that increments the input list by one.  Code is incomplete, but it should work
242: Extracts passports from the given list of strings. Each string represents an individual' s information
243: Convert hours and minues to decimal format in daylight savings time conversion function .   Inputs are
244: Generates all possible subsets of size 'k' from the given list. For example with input transactions
245: Convert datetime to ISO 8601 format.   [DONE] .py file with
246: Validates the given dictionary to ensure it contains necessary keys and values.  Returns True when validated
247: Adds article to the beginning of names that start with vowels. If not, adds an apost
248: Returns the sign of input. If positive, returns '+', else '-'.   Inputs are
249: Returns the two's complement of an integer. If input is positive or zero then returns same number
250: Get the first value from dictionary in json format – returns only one key's corresponding to that
251: Create an inverted version of the inputted list. The output is another array with elements at positions
252: Returns the given commands's usage and description.  [Command] -> string . e..
253: This function divides nodes into three categories based on their status. It takes two lists of node names
254: Add the given scalars to each component of vector.  Returns new Vector with components added by Scal
255: Returns an abbreviated version type name from legacy message identifiers.  If it's not in
256: A function to check whether an integer number 'is prime' or composite. It uses the Sieve
257: Calculates the difference between two pins in terms of their average power consumption. The result is then converted
258: Create an array of colors based on the temperature.  The temperatures are given in Kelvin,
259: Convert Python's builtin type to equivalent pandar DataFrame data types.  For example,
260: Compare two strings case insensitive by converting both to lowercase before comparison  .   Example usage :
261: Defines function that returns string representation of length.  It is used to check if the input number
262: Remove 'PID' from the given input strings, but only when it is present as part of
263: Create an experiment description.  Args are the parameters of your function and should be documented in doc
264: This function breaks down the input sequence into smaller chunks based on separator "[" and"]".
265: Convert an integer to IPv v.x address string format .   Inputs : Integer, Output -
266: Create function to convert address into formatted string.  Example usage -> print("Address is",format
267: Defines and calculates the total value from five numbers.  Code snippet to be used
268: Decodes an integer value encoded in base three. The function takes two parameters; the number to be
269: Join two strings with an hyphen.  Inputs are the tag and its corresponding value to be
270: A function that returns the value of 'then' when true and otherwise it will return ‘ot
271: Returns the difference between two vectors.  [v1] and [-[a]] are subtracted
272: Joins the elements of an array into one string with multiplication symbols between each element.  For example
273: This function takes in an array of physics skimmed data and returns the string representation.  It
274: Get the value of 'NAME' tag from list. If no such name exists in given set then
275: Validates that an id is either provided or inferred by checking whether GOOGLESHEET
276: Convert memory size from Bytes to Megabyte.   [Explain the conversion in detail]
277: A recursive function that calculates the sum of numbers from 'a' to an arbitrary number.
278: This function calculates the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to 'N'.
279: This function takes in four parameters and returns the new coordinates after moving according to given directions.  The
280: A function to translate the profession into its corresponding drink or beer name .  For example, if you
281: A function to remove the specified suffixed from an inputted strings  .   Inputs : String
282: Check whether two strings are alphabets/numbers with optional prefixes (_ , $ )
283: Create an ordered list of slices from the input string l. The sizes are given as integers representing lengths
284: Returns the middle index of an array or string. If length is odd, returns one more than half
285: Convert an integer to its corresponding English word. For example '4' would be converted into the string
286: Create an empty matrix with the given number of 'filled' elements in each row by creating zeroes
287: A recursive function to compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers. The input is four lists
288: Check if the given version number represents an NPM package.  Returns True when it does, False
289: Convert an image from the srgb color space to yco_cie97.
290: reverses the order of elements in list.  For example if input is ['a', 'c
291: A function that prints out verses from "Bob's Version". It takes an integer as
292: Returns the first element of list, or returns input itself.  If it's empty then just
293: Returns the probability of running out in 'N' runs. The function returns one over square root N
294: Computes the Intersecting Area Over Union of two boxes.  The intersection area is calculated by
295: Parse con da package dependencies and split them into components .  If the dependency is not of form
296: Calculates the Effective Gene Length based on Insert Size in Proteins .   Inputs
297: Validates the input language and returns true if it is one of supported languages, false otherwise  .
298: Parses string to boolean value, returns False if the input is either empty or 'False',
299: Get email from the given dictionary. If not found, returns an empty string .  [10
300: A function to solve the KnapSACK problem. It takes as input an integer 'W'
301: Return the input value, but only when it is not empty. If its an array or list and
302: Convert MIDI note number to chromatic scale.   Input is the pitch of an instrument,
303: Returns the last bit of an URL, or 'no' in case it is empty .  [
304: Calculates the derivative of reactivity with respect to angle and speed in terms drums's reaction
305: A function to check whether or not an integer number 'is' divisible by any other numbers.
306: Calculates the square of each element in an inputted array and returns their total.  [1
307: A recursive function to generate an array of parent elements. The number is the depth level and each
308: This function takes two arguments - 'marker' and the text to be wrapped. It returns an
309: Compare two lists of dictionary objects. If the first list is empty and second one isn't then
310: Calculates the time constant of an exponentially weighted moving average filter with given parameters – one s
311: This function takes as input an dictionary of parameters and returns the same data but with all values scaled by
312: Check whether the given number is divisible by another.  Returns true or false depending on result of
313: Returns the cache control header string. This function is used to generate an HTTP response's
314: Returns True if the element passed as argument has tag "P" or False otherwise.  [Ex
315: This function calculates the hash of an string by adding up ASCII values.  It's
316: Convert indices from the Grid to Matlab's row and column indexing. This is useful when
317: This function checks the input dictionary to ensure it contains all necessary keys. If any key isn't
318: Calculates the percentage error between two arrays or lists of numbers using absolute difference and divides by an
319: A function that returns the given string with each character underscored.  For example, "hello
320: This function splits the given string into an array of nominal values based on comma delimiter,
321: Check whether the year increment is valid or not.  If it's invalid then returns false else
322: Read requirements from file at given location and convert to python dependencies format – returns an empty array when
323: Checks whether the given string is in DD/MMMDD format.  If it'
324: Tokenizes the input string into individual tokens or terms, typically called "tokens".  This
325: Returns the name of an object by calling another method.  This is useful when debugging and tr
326: Returns the average of x and y coordinates in given list. If no points are provided returns current position
327: Checks whether the first character of an identifier in Python. If it's 'l', then
328: Count the number of ones in binary representation.   Inputs and outputs are byte type, counts how
329: Set default Contact Rating based on Type ID. If no match found returns none .   Inputs
330: Decide whether to send or receive data based on the value of 't' and current state.
331: Validates the existence of an environment variables.  Returns true or false based on whether it exists within
332: Adds column to the given matrix.  Returns number of columns in resulting Matrix after addition .
333: Remove the class attribute from dictionary.  If it exists, removes and returns updated dict without 'Class
334: Counts the number of times given character appears in string. If not found returns -ve value and
335: Create an STS session and retrieve temporary security credentials from AWS Security Token Service .  Retrieve
336: Create an array of ones with the same shape as input mask, filled in by zeros except where
337: Convert time in Seconds to Julian Date .   Input is the number of second since midnight on
338: Calculates the knudson's one way speed.  The input is length and distance .
339: This function calculates the spectral index of two given numbers. The formula is used to calculate it based
340: A function that finds the first occurrence of an element in list. If it doesn't exist then
341: Get the name of an assembly instruction or function from its string representation .  If it's not
342: Implemented learning rate schedule. The function takes an integer argument representing the current training phase, and
343: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The first two numbers in series are always
344: Defines function to convert 4D extent coordinates.   Inputs are the four corners of an
345: Convert ListOperation to Python Lists.  If the input is not None, it will convert an
346: This function pads an integer with zeros to the left until it reaches or exceeds given limit. If
347: Parses the string after finding and returning specific lines based on given 'offset' from beginning of
348: Subtraction of two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector .   Example usage : print
349: Check duplicate preference lists.  Returns true when there are any two different list of equal elements, otherwise
350: Convert field names to title case, replacing underscores with spaces and splitting on colon character . If
351: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
352: Translate the origin of an axis to be at 3D point with coordinates zero. This function
353: This function will set the specified 'bits' of an integer to 0. It uses binary AND
354: Returns the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in varints. The maximum size is determined by
355: This function recaliably adjusts the input number to be divisible by six. If it is
356: Remove leading whitespace from the string and remove trailing newline characters, but only when they are
357: Returns the last 'n' characters of string v. If n is greater than or equal to
358: Convert the path to dot notation format in Python 3 .e..g, "/home/user
359: Returns the learning rate decay factor at each training phase based on current Epoch number .   egs
360: This function returns the seat id of given coordinates. The coordinate system is as follows - top left corner
361: This function checks whether the round number equals to zero. If it does then returns true else false .
362: Lookup field in the given row.  If not found returns null . Otherwise it will give you
363: Returns the growth rate of an object at given 'Level' in LeJa game. The initial
364: A recursive function to calculate the total of all numbers from N down.   [easy]
365: A function to calculate the size of list. It uses recursion and returns summed up values from
366: This function calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in 3D space. It is
367: Returns the value of an input in volts, but with some scaling and offsetting to mimic H
368: A recursive function that adds all elements in the list. If input is an empty array, it
369: Check the correct number of command line argument. 1 to n, or no arguement is
370: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses recursion to find common elements between
371: This function checks the similarity between two lists. It uses recursion to compare elements of both arrays and
372: Unsets the bit at position 'pos' in binary representation of given number. 0 <= Pos
373: A function that takes 3 movies as input and returns them in the order they were given.
374: Calculates precision. If false positives are zero returns one as it is impossible to calculate the recall
375: Convert an ElementTree Node to string.  If the element doesnt exist, returns false .
376: A function to generate the library file path.   Inputs : Name of module . Returns -
377: Remove leading and trailing spaces from string, replace underscores with space .  Code is used
378: Get the abbreviated path of sub repository.  If there is no specific location specified then it returns
379: Computes the Huffmann Code. The input is two means of distribution and returns their combined mean
380: This function checks whether the array is even or it's an unbalanced one. It returns
381: Returns the number of pixels in each row or column.  Code is designed to handle blocks within an
382: This function reverses the order of vertices.  It simply returns an identical list with all elements sw
383: Returns the given map of google maps locations as ids and names.   Input is in format {
384: Returns the negative of each component in vector v.  Code is used to invert vectors that are represented
385: Check the ending of filename based on its extension.  If it's volume or surface file then
386: Returns the elements that are present only within one state.  Code is used to find out which element
387: Convert MEL scale to Hz in one line using Python's builtin map and lambda functions
388: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is written in Python language and
389: This function subtracts two times the weight from an object' s diameter. It is used to
390: This function returns the same values on all sides of an input.  It'll be used to
391: Counts the occurances of an item within list.  Returns summed up value as result .
392: A function that returns the list of distinct elements from an input. It uses recursion to find all
393: Compute cosine of φ between two points in the unit sphere.   Input is difference
394: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format using python function .convert the given number of secs into
395: This function calculates the value of y at given point 'x' based on three parameters. The
396: Check whether the given URI uses secure transport.  Returns True when it does and false otherwise .
397: Find and reverse map of virtual hosts.  If the host is found in any other server then it
398: A function that squares all the elements in an input list. The recursive approach is used to solve
399: Flatens the nested lists.  Code snippet to flaten an arbitrarily deep nest
400: Convert input to integer/floating point value .  If the conversion cannot be done due either not
401: A function to zip an array of arrays into one list.  The first element in each subarray
402: This function calculates the precision and recall from counts of true positives/negatives in two classes
403: Remove specified sublists from dictionary.  The function takes two arguments; an initial dict and the list
404: This function builds the command to check contents of files in coverage format using python's builtin module
405: Perform right shift operation on the given value. This function will divide 'value' by
406: Convert Quaterniom to Rotational Matrix .   Inputs : A list of four elements representing
407: Compare two paths and see whether they are the same or different based on their content structure; returns true
408: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
409: Returns the unique elements of an input array.  Code is used to remove duplicates from given data
410: This function calculates the errors between two points. It takes as input parameters 'a' and
411: A recursive function to reverse an integer. The input is the number and output will be reversed
412: Convert names to crates/packages in Python, replacing hyphens and slashes with underscores
413: A function that returns the maximum of three numbers.  Code is written in Python language and uses conditional
414: This function takes in an url and returns the base name of that file/tile id from it
415: A function to reverses the string. It uses recursion and helper method . The time complexity is
416: Returns the input capitalized first letter, and all other characters lowercased."  [...]
417: Find the first occurrence of character in string. If not found returns '-1'. Else it will
418: Convert Farenheight to CELSIUS.   Input is temperature in FAHRENHE
419: Returns True if the given filename matches one of our whiteliisted files, False otherwise  .
420: Convert string to MAC address. The input is the HEX representation of an Ethernet/MAC Address,
421: This function validates the format of an MSISDN number. It checks whether it starts with
422: Convert string input into character.  If the length of argument is not one, it raises an error
423: Checks if the string contains either "{" character, indicating it might be parametric.  If
424: Flattern nested lists using recursion.  Code takes in one level deep nesting and flatt
425: A function that calculates the number of times an integer appears in one or more dices. The
426: Returns the value of y such that sqrt[y] = √[(sqrt[-4,
427: Returns the result of adding 'add' to i and taking modulus with given ‘limit’
428: A function to find the index of an element in linear way. If not found returns -ve value
429: Builds an object reference list.  [object] -> str   .e..g.,
430: Returns the sum of squares from n to m. The input is assumed as an integer and it'
431: This function returns the given string wrapped in HTML comments.  It is used to add notes or instructions
432: Checks if the file extension of filename matches .py.  Returns True only when it's
433: Returns 'YES' when the input is true, otherwise returns no.  Code snippet
434: Returns the size of an image that is at least as large and maintains its aspect ratio.  The
435: Multiply two numbers by multiplying them with the constant value of 'multiplier' which
436: Convert the given string to dot notation format of java classes and methods names .  For example, "
437: Mix two strings. The result is the string that has been mixed with another one using an optional parameter
438: Computes the similarity between two fragments of labels.  If they are equal it returns zero else comput
439: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
440: A function that applies the given 'callables' to each item in an iterator.  The
441: This function returns the probability of an event occurring. If 'test' is True it will divide by
442: Finds the indices of channels to be excluded from analysis  Input parameters are channel names and list with
443: Returns the position of left neighbor in grid. If it is outbound returns None .   Code sn
444: Prepare and format the cost in desired language.  Code is used to convert costs into user friendly
445: Returns whether the given integer represents an acceptable leap second. A valid "Leaps Year" should be
446: Convert the input string to utf – encoding and then back into latin -   one . Dec
447: Returns true when the character at position 'index' in string `str` isn’t escaped.
448: A function to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and backtr
449: Trim leading zeros from the string. If only one or two characters, it returns zero without
450: This function returns the most common digit among all bits of an array/list given as input parameter '
451: A function to validate an enumeration. If the given `value` is one of provided options it
452: Check the given conditions to see whether it's necessary and possible that we have at least one "
453: This function returns the larger of two numbers.  Code snippet to test it with some examples
454: A function to calculate the value of an equation based on time. The coefficients are given in order and
455: Find the absolute minimum in an array. If there are multiple elements with same smallest value then returns index
456: This function rotates the matrix 90 degrees clockwise. It uses list comprehension and built
457: Inserts the number into an array at its midpoint. If length of input list is even then
458: Returns the unit step function. The output is one when input value > threshold, zero otherwise."
459: Returns true if the point is within given distance of any feature in specified geometry. This function uses ST
460: Blend two data arrays together with an optional range parameter to create new array of blended values between
461: Checks if the comparison value 'is less than threshold' . Returns True or False based on whether
462: Defines the function to check whether two boolean values are conjunctively true.  If both inputs
463: Checks if the given row/column indices are valid on an 8x8 chess board
464: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
465: This function joins the input list of multline separated text into one line using specified join character . The
466: This function generates two lists from the input parameters. The first one is composed of all three image parts
467: This function returns the current Learning Rate based on an inputted Epoch number of training process . If
468: Binary search on sorted list. Returns the insertion point where to add an element in order of
469: Returns the URL to access GPU type details in Google Cloud Platform API . This function takes three
470: This function calculates the output size of convolution operation. It takes input and kernel sizes along with their
471: Convert strings into numbers. If the input can be converted directly as an integer or floating point value then
472: Check if the configuration of all given 'n' Joint objects respects their limits.  Returns true
473: This function returns the time it takes to acquire data from an attribute.  It is used in conjunction
474: This function takes as input the graduation dates of students and returns their respective names along with years they
475: Convert centimeters to miles, given the Earth's radius in cm is approximately equal .
476: Calculates the False Positive Rate. If total number of true negatives and falsely positives
477: This function checks the ratio of an image to its corresponding display area on your computer's primary output
478: Scales the vector by given factor and offset. If no factors are provided it returns unscaled
479: Replace the characters at position 'pos' in string ‘str’ with another character or sub
480: Given two lists of integers as input. Return the XOR operation on each corresponding pair from both list
481: Calculates the slope of each frame falling below its predecessor – ie., it calcula
482: Get the full ARM id of an existing Public IP address in Azure . This function returns
483: A function to extract terms from the beginning of lines in an array.  The extracted line is then
484: Convert RGB color to HEX.  Input is an rgb tuple or list of three integers in
485: Check if two intervals overlap.  If they do then returns True else False .   Input : Two
486: Remove the common English Stop Words from inputted term.  This function takes two parameters - '
487: Convert string to boolean value, support 'True', ‘false’ and yes/no inputs .
488: This function calculates the average length of all individual English language "lexical" units present within an
489: Computes the partial trace of an elementwise function. The input is both functions and their derivatives with
490: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from one upto 'N'.   Example
491: A function to calculate the squares of sums upto given number. It uses recursion and iteration method
492: Get the permission string of given OpenStack Role .  If no input, returns false or empty
493: Remove grid cells from the given list of configurations. If 'None' is provided as input then it
494: Returns the name of an ethnic group based on given parameters.  [...]   Inputs : A
495: Generates an adapted name based on the given parameters.  The function takes in three arguments; '
496: Compute the optimal number of items to distribute among different group.  It returns two values - maximum
497: This function returns the numerical equivalent of playing cards. Ace = `valueOfCard("a")
498: A function that converts Python values into SQL syntax. It handles strings and boolean types as well numerical
499: A function to calculate the value of an "ackerman" number. It uses recursion but is
500: Check if the file is valid.  If it's hidden, returns False; otherwise True .
501: Counts the number of instances that 'X' or ‘O’ appears on given game field
502: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
503: Returns the name of content type based on its position in list. 0 is Post,   and
504: Remove the specified 'prefixed' subpart from an inputted String – returns remaining part of
505: Returns the sign of an element. If it's negative, returns '-1'. Elseif
506: Check the grid to see whether any of its lines are filled with 4 or more consecutive cells.
507: Check the validity of an object.  Returns True or False based on whether it is valid to use
508: Translate tag to number, positive or negative .   Inputs : A string of tags separated by
509: Reads multiple files and returns their content each on separate list of strings .  "Read" function
510: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
511: This function splits the input string into keywords based on their position and returns them as lowercase strings
512: Convert argument to method name formatting, e..g., --myMethod -> my Method
513: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of 3 points to form an axis
514: A function to calculate the "Acker" of two numbers. It uses recursion and is similar
515: Convert Snakes case string into Pascale Case formatting  .e..g, "this is
516: Return an error string with the sender and recipient. This function is used to generate errors when
517: Check if the given string contains 'send' or clean up.  Returns True when it does,
518: Interpolates the function defined by given 'x' values and corresponding y or f value.
519: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
520: Generates the path to lifover data in google cloud storage bucket  .   Input parameters are type
521: This function returns the given string with an appropriate emoji based on its integer value. 1
522: Convert pressure from pascal to hectopascale .   Input is in PasCal, output will
523: Calculates the length of strings from two lists based on their lengths divided by total number; returns zero
524: This function takes an array of strings and returns the same list with each string replaced by its length.
525: Remove units from the end of string values in Python 3 .   Code snippet to remove
526: Convert the enum value to string. If it's unknown or invalid then returns 'UNKN
527: Multiply an expression by integer. If the value is one or negative it returns original number otherwise
528: Returns the first key of an object or None, given that it is not possible to determine which one
529: Convert the given string to date format. If it's 3 digits long, append -
530: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation with respect to x or output value .   Inputs :
531: Convert coordinates from Cartesian to Cylindrical.   Coordinates are converted into cylindical form
532: Format the given number of physical or logical book's/chapter’ s pagination.
533: Convert numbers to floats or ints from strings and lists of items   .e..g.,
534: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as it does but with all whitespaces removed
535: Find duplicate indices of elements and their parents within the list with duplicated values . This function
536: Check whether the given filename has an .yml or not  Code snippet to check y
537: This function toggles between two states based on the source value and whether or nor measurement has been triggered
538: Convert RGB color to string format  Code is used in converting the rgb values of an image into
539: This function checks whether two strings are the same when their characters can be rearranged in any order
540: Convert RGB to ACI standard color space using the LAB conversion method of CIELabToXY
541: This function takes as input an English sentence and returns the same string with each first letter of every second
542: Returns the request's PATH info as string, if available else None  [10 points]
543: Convert density from kg/cm^3 to g cm³.   Inputs are the mass
544: Returns the string wrapped in backtick quotes, replacing all occurrences of ` with `` .
545: Compute the bezie curve  at parameter value 't' from points and controls. The
546: Convert Horse Power to power.   Inputs are in HP and outputs will be converted into Watt
547: Computes the average of non none values in an array.  [1 point]   Code explanation
548: A function to calculate the Area of Trapezoids. The input is three parameters - two bases
549: This function is used to set the dimension of an optimization or simulation. It takes as parameter 'Dim
550: This function returns the level of agreement between two groups based on their Kappas, which is an
551: Convert temperature from hass to celsius.   Inputs : Temperature in HASS units,
552: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial value by factor of sqrt() at certain points. This
553: This function takes in list of tuples, where each tuple contains name and score. It returns
554: Parses the given string into its components. The input should be in format of 'namespace/
555: Returns the dihedrals of an airline. The function takes in epsilons and
556: Returns True if the current page is an ORACC project list, False otherwise .  This function
557: Convert string to pair of integers .  e..g "34" -> returns the list
558: This function finds common elements between two lists. It uses recursion to traverse both inputted arrays
559: This function checks if the sum of two grades is equal to their average.  It returns True or
560: This function checks the syllabification of given word. It returns 'False' when no valid rule
561: Change the status of an Action object to 'active' or ‘inative’ based on its
562: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
563: 返回一个用于存储数据的路径。如果设备为真，则使用"/
564: Compute the total width of all lines.  If there are nested lists within each segment'ss
565: Counts the number of pairs that sum to 'Target'.  The input array is sorted and contains
566: Create an index of the values in range from [1,9] that correspond to each possible combination
567: Returns the capitalized version of inputted strings with only one character in uppercase and all other characters
568: Returns True if the keyword is one of flex start, end , center . space between and around.
569: Adds two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector . Example : add([7 , -
570: Generates random numbers with the specified seed and count.  Code is used to generate 'count'
571: Returns the minimum of four numbers in one line using Python's builtin function "def" and
572: Convert an identifier to integer representation in the form of "ID".  If input id as String then
573: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase.  If there is no such char, just
574: Returns the 'values' of all variables in given variable lists.  [1pt]   Code
575: Converts an integer string to its equivalent decimal number as integers stored within the same formatting order
576: Calculates the search volume in MB given azure storage account size and elasticity level .   Input
577: Returns the extension of file based on its input type. If not found then returns given as parameter value
578: A function that returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to be used in other
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide at which an SNP occurs.  The function returns
580: Save the user’ questions and provide feedback on them .  [10 points] [END
581: Computes the mean and variance of an input list/numpy arrays' elements .  The
582: A function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. It uses recursion and is optimized with mem
583: This function takes in the names of files and returns their latest versions as an integer value .  It
584: A function to find the maximum depth of parentheses in an input string. The formula is based
585: Defines the Rectified Linear Unit activation function. It returns one when input is positive and
586: This function calculates the non central moment of an array. It takes three parameters - 'Mean
587: Remove zip or bazel files from filenames in the given list of file names  Input
588: Create region id from the given parameters - City and State – returns unique identifier of an area in
589: This function calculates the number of digitis in an integer.  It takes two arguments and returns
590: Remove all line breaks from the given string of comments or text  .   Inputs : Comment as
591: Normalizes the input string by replacing double quotes with single ones and triple dots to spaces, respectively."
592: Skip the execution of an object.  This is used to prevent certain objects from being executed by
593: Returns the number of distinct elements in an array. The function takes three parameters; 'bits' is
594: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Code is based on Euclidean
595: Returns whether two friends have any mutual birthday dates.  If they do the function returns true otherwise false
596: Calculates the True Negative Rate.   Inputs are true negatives and false positives respectively
597: Convert Mel scale frequency to Hz in one line using Python's builtin function and type checking feature
598: Returns the string with all characters replaced by '&lt;'.  This is used to escape HTML
599: Format the key and its corresponding boolean option. If it's not set to false then returns an
600: Returns the best action to take based on current window size and desired bandwidth rate in bits per second .
601: Convert hexadecimal value to float. If the first byte of input is zero, convert it
602: Computes the scale factor to use when scaling data in parallel processing tasks using kernels."   .strip
603: This function takes in an input of type tuple and returns the string representation “v1_0
604: Create an empty dictionary.  Code to create and populate it with future values based on the given
605: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it had been run through regex
606: Calculates the density of water in kg/ m^n where n is an input parameter. The
607: Create URLs based on the type of data to be fetched from NOAO or COP
608: Returns the first character of an abbreviated form. If no initials are present in given names then
609: Implement linear interpolation.  Given two points in the range [low; hi], returns an
610: Verifies that the required column names are valid. If they aren't it raises an error with
611: Check whether two numbers are equally divisible.  If they can be divided without remainder then it returns
612: Returns the priority of an arithmetic operation. Higher number means higher importance in expression evaluation order,
613: This function calculates the size of recording region in machine memory. It takes two parameters - number and
614: Returns the name of an experiment's deleted status based on its '.' separated string representation .
615: Finds the first occurrence of module in PCB layout. Returns its position or false otherwise .   [
616: Map response description. This function takes an item and returns the first two characters of its string
617: This function checks whether the given string is equal to another one after applying some transformations on it using
618: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to given number. It uses formulae derived
619: Generates layer names. If no specific index is provided then it returns the base of function's
620: This function takes an IPv6 address and returns the reverse of it as IPV3 format .
621: Returns invalid numbers from the given set of tixels.  It filters out any number that isn
622: Returns whether the input number 'n' can be expressed as sum of consecutive numbers starting from 3
623: Returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  Code is written in Python language with one line only
624: A function to get the first column of each sub list.  It recursively gets all columns from
625: Removes remapping entries that start with the given string.  This is used to filter out unw
626: Insert newline characters into the given input. If there are more than one character per break point
627: Extracts all elements from the given 'Group' that are not equal to an element in another
628: Convert string to boolean value, True if the input is yes/ y / true … . ,
629: This function returns the names of two output files that will be created by merging an input audio and
630: This function checks whether the first non-"$$" character in each string is ".". If it
631: Flatens the list by removing all nested lists.  Returns an iterable of elements in order from
632: Convert the given number into degrees and minutes/seconds format in absolute form . e..g., convert
633: Returns ' s' when the input is greater than 0, otherwise returns an empty string. Used
634: Counts the number of items bigger than given value.  Code is part to solve problem "Count
635: This function returns the string with spaces before it. If input is not valid, an empty space will
636: A function that returns the value associated with given 'Key' in list of tuples. If
637: Convert Farenheight to Celcuis using the formula of conversion from Celsuus .
638: This function checks whether the given inputted text/string can be rearranged to form palin
639: Returns the first 'N' numbers of Triangluar Numbers.   Code is to generate
640: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
641: Validates the probability value entered by user and raises an error message in case of invalid input .
642: This function finds the largest Prime Factor of an inputted integer using recursion and memoization
643: Check whether the given string starts with '&#' or not. This function returns True when
644: Calculates the Cumulative Sentiment Index of an entity. The sentiment index is calculated as per
645: Returns the DSA Consts. If no constanst are provided it returns default values else provides
646: Calculates angle difference between two angles in degrees modulo of  ±∞ . Returns result
647: This function loops through the dependencies of each component and returns them as one list. It uses recursion
648: This function calculates the number of frames in an audio clip.  The frame size is determined by
649: This function returns the syntactical role of an Entity. It assign weights to different roles and
650: This function takes two arguments - the current position and movement direction. It returns new coordinates after moving in
651: Calculates the equation of line given two points.  The form y =mx+c where c
652: Filter sequences based on their coverage to the given threshold in percentages of total length or number queries used
653: Determine if two reaction multiplication factors are equivalent up to some small error margin, considering only the spins
654: Remove all spaces from the given string of characters  Code is to remove any white space character present in
655: Compute the scalar triple product of two 4d vectors.   [Done in one line.]
656: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of their multiplication. The first two are used to calculate
657: This function takes two arguments - an integer and its corresponding string. It returns the result of bit shifting
658: Compare two items based on their number in the name. The function returns an integer indicating whether item '
659: Returns True if the absolute difference between to_Be Compaired and Val are less than or equal
660: This function takes in the initial product/service pricing and an array of levels to which it will apply
661: Escape special characters.  Input is the user's username, and returns it with all unders
662: Create function to extract header from metrics dictionary. This will be used in the main program where
663: This function returns the remaining files after moving specified ones.  It uses recursion to find out which
664: Create an HTML link.  Example usage : <a href="_links/python_logo_.
665: Finds the first even index of an array. If no such number exists returns '-'. Code uses
666: Check whether all the elements in list are alphapets.  If not it returns false otherwise
667: This function maps the given string to its corresponding question type.  It can be used in conjunction with
668: This function checks if the input string 's' represents one of four playing card suits.  It
669: This function checks whether the bit at given position is set or not.  It takes two parameters -
670: Add dokuwiki markup in the beginning of wiki page  Code snippet that adds D
671: Returns True if the given object represents FileHistory. Otherwise returns False or raises an exception .  [
672: Generates an HTML list of links based on the format string and arguments provided to it  [1
673: Extracts metadata from the given dataframe' rows, removing unwanted columns and converting 'Rec
674: Returns the binary equivalent of an integer. If input is less than two, it returns zero; otherwise
675: A function that multiplies two numbers modulo another.  Returns the result of multiplication and remainder after
676: This function returns the opposite of given input.  It takes in one argument, which is expected to
677: Returns the plural form of each element in inputted array.  For example, ['apple', '
678: Parses the input string into individual parameters separated by spaces and returns them as list of strings .
679: Get the last part of an AWS SNS Topic ARN, which is equivalent to its name
680: Returns the label dummies goal.  If an instance receives either Integer then it returns its value
681: Preprocessing the text data to be used in machine learning models – removing unnecessary characters, replacing tabs
682: Calculates the "striked" direction of an object. This is done by subtracting its
683: Convert the given string into list of lines, where each element is split by spaces and returned as individual
684: Convert Quad Key to BING Maps API URL  .   Inputs are the QUAD
685: A function to map an operator's representation as integer or string into its corresponding Python builtin operations
686: Strip leading arguments that are either "-I" and/or “–im”, which
687: This function calculates the DBOT Score based on given scores. The higher, more points are
688: Calculates the square root of division between two numbers .   Inputs : Two positive real number ,
689: A function to solve the knapSACK problem using dynamic programming. It takes as input an array
690: This function returns the index of 'best' model based on comparing three values. If all are equal
691: Reads and processes the corpuses.  This function reads through each line of text in an input
692: Normalises the input string to be used as file paths by replacing "." and replace with underscore
693: Create mapping table.  Code to generate the mappings from one data source into another based on provided
694: This function checks if two numbers have the same parity. It does so by checking whether n and
695: Set the value of an object to 'none' when it becomes empty.  This function will be
696: Constrains the value within given range.  If it is less than minimum then returns Minimum
697: Defines function to check whether one rectangle overlaps with another.  Returns true when the two given
698: Returns the vector of each element in 'input' raised to power.  For example if input is
699: Returns the gender of an individual based on their input. If male, returns 'm', otherwise it
700: Convert attribute to predicate.  e,g., 'name' -> hasName .   #
701: Merge two dictionary objects into one by copying the second dict's keys and values to first .
702: 返回共享库的扩展名。如果传递了'True',则为'.
703: This function calculates the grayscale value of an RGB color by applying weights to its components and
704: Convert the given string to C identifier format using underscores as separators between names and replacing special
705: A function to apply thresholding operation on input data. It applies the Soft Threshold Operation which is
706: This function checks whether the input string contains only valid characters according to ASCII rules of alphanumer
707: Split and strip the inputted comma separated strings into separate elements in lists .  For example "
708: This function orders the given commands manually. It first creates an array of all possible command names and then
709: Parses boolean value from string. If empty, returns false; otherwise parses as true or
710: Convert frames to milliseconds based on the given frame rate and number of total pixels in image or
711: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to input. If there's no
712: Finds the first capital letter in given text starting from an arbitrary position specified by 'offset'. If
713: Convert temperature from one unit of measurement into another using the formulae provided by WHO's website
714: This function checks the type of strategy. If it's one among 'basic', ‘standard
715: Convert the given numerators and denominaotors to fractions.  If no data is
716: Convert CD to uHZ.   Input is in centi decimals of frequency, output
717: Implement CRC calculation. Code is based on the polynomial x^16 + XOR with
718: Returns the minimum value in each sublist of input.  If no such values exist it returns None
719: Modify the inputted 'launcher's name to include whether it was run from Paa
720: Returns the dimensionalities of data in column. If it's not iterable or its first element
721: Check whether the file with given name has an extension.  If it does, returns True; otherwise
722: Decrements the GPIO Pin Index by one. If it's out of range then raises an
723: Returns the color of pixel at position specified by coordinates. If outside bounds returns black (#3D
724: Returns the box weight of an input value based on its position in relation to other values, with weights
725: Returns the number of correct predictions. If both are equal it returns one otherwise zero .   Inputs
726: Calculates the temperature rise and loss on surface of an object based upon its operating powers & total square
727: This function returns the time slot number based on given input. It maps days of week to their respective
728: Simply adds two numbers.  It's an example of how to simplify the process by using
729: Detect the programming language used by parsing Kernel string.  If it's CUDO,
730: This function merges all the lists in one single line. It uses recursion to do so,
731: A function that returns the unique value from an array of arrays.  It uses recursion to tra
732: This function masks the first 'n' characters of an input string with "*" or lower
733: Convert gp/m to lps   . Input is in GPa, output i sin
734: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. If lengths are different it returns
735: This function generates n grams of the input string. If length is not divisible by five,
736: Normalizes the given string to be in Title Case.  If an optional second argument is provided it
737: This function converts the input string to one of two formats. If it's 'digital
738: A function to return the path of an attached file.  Parameters are problem number and type,
739: Returns True when the string is empty, otherwise returns it.  [1 point]   Code sn
740: Parses the inputted graph edges into their respective components and returns them as tuples in
741: Return the two dimensions of an image in portrait mode.  If one dimension is larger, it will
742: Removes spaces and adds/removs elements from the given parameters.  If first parameter is
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability formatting style  .e..g., "isAbout
744: Convert Hex color to RGB. Code snippet from the Python programming language's standard library
745: Count the number of pairs with equal rights. If it's impossible to count such numbers, then
746: Convert underscores to all caps, e..g., 'my__test' -> My
747: This function calculates the difference between two sequences. If one sequence is larger than another it returns their
748: Parses the size of an object in 3D space from string input and returns it as
749: A function to recursively convert all elements of an object into their "defaults" or equivalent.
750: Check if the given IP address belongs to link local IPv4 addresses range 192 .
751: A function to calculate average of first elements.  The input is list/array with multiple values each
752: A function to calculate the exponentiation of an integer using iteratively. It uses recursion and is
753: Finds the number of rooms that are at least as far away from any room.  The distance
754: A function to calculate the power of an integer using recursion. It uses binary exponentation method which
755: A function that returns the given word in its singular form. If 'number' is ‘one
756: A function that returns the first tuple from list of tuples where an element is present. If
757: A function that adds two vectors.  It takes in an input of one dimension array and another to
758: A function that rounds down to the nearest integer which is also an exact multiple of two. For example
759: This function checks whether the given candidate is present as an element of any one among several candidates. If
760: Generates the Station Code.  This function takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be an
761: Check if the given number 'is' power of two or not .   Inputs : integer ,
762: A function to determine whether the current user has required roles.  It checks each one in order until
763: This function checks whether the given input is one of Python's builtin keywords. If it does
764: A recursive function to calculate the product of all elements in an array.  The base case is
765: A function to calculate the length of name. It uses recursion and is case sensitive, ie
766: This function checks whether the given string starts with ".", and returns it prefixed by its own prefix
767: Validates the type and returns it. If not, raises an error with all possible types available to
768: Calculates the square distance between two points.  Points are represented as tuples of x
769: A recursive function to concatenates the first letter of each word in an array.  The base
770: A function that calculates the products of all numbers except self in an array. The calculation is done
771: A function to convert string inputs into booleans. If the input value can be converted directly as
772: Find the second occurrence of target character in given input. If not found returns length difference between last and
773: Calculates the ZOO I value based on animal size in cm^3 .  It'll
774: This function checks whether the given number in parameter 'is even' or not. It returns true when
775: This function checks whether the given string is one of three predefined strings. If it's
776: A simple tokenization function that splits the input string into individual tokens based on whitespace characters,
777: Sanity check and convert string id to integer. If the input isn't an ID then it
778: Parses the URLs and returns two neighbors of each url in list format  .   Input
779: Convert the first part of an input string to numerics. The second half is used as unit conversion
780: Split the list of id'd elements into groups based on their unique identifier.  If an
781: Clean the filename by replacing spaces, parentheses and other special characters with underscores or hyp
782: Convert an input list of numbers to string.  The output is the same as converting each element in
783: This function takes in an email address and returns the username part of it, removing leading/trailing
784: Calculates the leverage ratio needed to reach maximum margin. The higher, better is your risk tolerance and
785: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion method .   Inputs
786: This function takes as input an array of genBank records and returns the same data but with each
787: Removes links with no valid reference to the months.  Code is used in scraping data from
788: A function that returns true when the input is 'truthful' i.e., it can be
789: This function returns the appropriate filename based on user inputted string 'File'.  It checks different options
790: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as str to int conversion but with each
791: This function takes in an array of numbers and returns the same output as input but with all zeros
792: Finds the end index of an array.  If it'll be possible to continue searching from
793: A function to limit the range of values.  It takes three arguments - one is required and two
794: This function checks whether the given string/character sequence reads same backward as forward. If yes, it
795: Remove the private attribute name from an object.  This function takes two parameters - 'attribute' and
796: Defines an exact function to get the first item from any given input, even when it is nested
797: 返回一个安装目标的字符串表示。如果版本为空，则只使用
798: Look up an AWS SNS Topical by name. If the provided 'Session' object has valid
799: A function to find prime factors of an integer. If the number itself isn't considered as factor
800: Returns the sequencer technology used by given simulation.  If no such technique is found it raises an
801: Create and save transaction data.  Code is used to store transactions in the database .   Type of
802: Delete characters from the end of given strings in reverse order using recursion – O((n^
803: Generates string of all players' IDs and their respective high/low values.  Code is
804: A function to calculate the learning rate based on polynomial decays with warmup steps and total training time
805: A function that calculates the total of all digts in an integer. It uses recurssion
806: This function returns the difference between two lists. It removes elements that are also present on both inputted
807: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion method .   Inputs
808: Returns the log formater based on given level of detail. 1 -> basic, >4
809: This function checks the current length of an array and trims it to fit within specified maximum lengths before
810: Return True if the string starts with two double underscores.  Otherwise, False is returned .
811: Returns the ith element of three vectors. The i is specified by an integer index in range from
812: This function returns the label of stream based on sample rate and number  channel. It is used to
813: Remove leading spaces from the given string, if any exist in it . This function is used
814: Calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions using Euclidean Distance formula .   [END
815: Check if the given string starts with "===>".  This indicates an error message in log format
816: Calculates the fitness of an individuals.  The function takes as input one chromosome, and
817: Converts an integer or string representation of binary to its equivalent in base ten. If the input
818: Map the given integer to its corresponding string representation. If no mapping exists it will raise an error message
819: Mark the given keyword in each word of textual data using recursion and memoization to avoid
820: Counts the number of whitespaces present within input string 'myStr'.  Code is used to
821: Convert MB to KB. Code is used in a function that takes an integer as input and returns the
822: Returns the base part of an application's major and minor versions as string formatting, e..
823: Convert string to boolean, with 'True' as y/Y or t and returns True; otherwise
824: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same input stripped of leading/trailing whites
825: Transform the data from one format to another.  This function takes as input an object of type
826: Convert temperature from one scale of measurement into another using the formulae provided by WHO's website
827: Convert KODISTREAMING URL to ASCII art formatting using regex and replace functions in
828: Calculates the linguistic richness of an organism based on its average DNA sequence and cut
829: Generates SQL WHERE clause conditions based on the input list of column names. If no arguments are provided
830: This function takes an input string and converts it into PIG Latin, ie translating each
831: 3 functions to handle different types of events.   Code length :108 characters .
832: A recursive function to convert nested lists into one dimension.  It checks whether the inputted object
833: Calculates the number of overlaps between two sets. The overlap is calculated as half or more than
834: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
835: Convert the number of inputted day into seconds. Code is written in Python language and uses builtin
836: Check collision between two rectangles.  If the left x and y coordinates of one rectangle are greater
837: Returns the points of circle with given center and radii.  The function takes two parameters as input
838: Finds all header tags in the given list of strings and returns them as one string with each tag
839: A function to check whether an integer number 'is prime' . The input will be the given parameter
840: Defines the function to compute scalar product of two vectors. 3D vector is used as input
841: Convert habit list into mark down format .  The output is the time and name of each day'
842: This function takes an URL and returns the same but with its schema swapped from http to https or
843: Checks if an object can be considered as auto by the system – ie., it'
844: Returns the result of subtracting each element in second argument from corresponding elements at same position and indexed
845: This function returns the name of predicates in XML format. If it's an "
846: Get the plain text value from an object or dictionary, returns false otherwise .  [10 points
847: A function that takes an array and adds the given element to its end.  If no elements are
848: Returns only the string type of input.  This function filters out non strings from an array/list
849: Calculates the relative difference between two weights in binary classification problem using given parameters and configuration string .
850: This function takes in three parameters and returns the first 'n' characters of input string. If it
851: Remove sequentially identical elements from list.  Returns new modified version of the inputted array without any
852: A function to convert markdowm syntax into its equivalent in python .  Code is used as
853: A recursive function to solve the Tower of HANOI problem. The number 'N'
854: Computes the score of cards in descending order. The first card is worth one point and each
855: Function to generate post data with random string and domain name appended as the primary nameservers of
856: Get the name of module that contains given FUZZER.  This is used to load and
857: Convert the keys of an object into their paths as strings, reversing order and returning them all at
858: Sanitation function to convert hyphenated resource names into standardized format with 'sanity'
859: A function that returns the key from an inputted list which exists within another given dictionaries. If
860: Convert three points in the plane to triangles.  The function takes as input two pairs of coordinates
861: Reads the absolute path from relative or given paths.  If it exists then returns that else gives
862: Returns list of keywords in uppercase, lower case and title form respectively .  Code is used to
863: Get the 'User ID' from data dictionary in case of failure returns false otherwise it will be returned
864: A function that returns the larger of two numbers.  Code is written in Python language and uses conditional
865: This function takes an integer and string as input. It returns the same output but with each line of
866: Check whether the input dictionary contains an alerting expression or groups. If so returns true else false .
867: Expands the bound box by increasing its height.  Returns new expanded version of Bounding Box in
868: Returns the list of features that can currently support by trading.  The function is used to determine which
869: Compensates the frequency of values by applying each value to its corresponding factor from factors list .
870: Computes all squares of numbers from 0 to the given number. Returns them as an array in
871: Returns the non null and trimmed string from input parameter 'default' .  If it is empty
872: This function inverts the order of characters within an input string.  It does so by revers
873: This function scales down the dimension of an image. If given valid parameters it returns scaled value otherwise zero
874: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This is equivalent to counting how many ones are present
875: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same input but with all backslashes (\\)
876: This function takes an input of type 'list' and returns the same output as map() but with
877: Returns the description of how wet or dry it is based on given relative湿度.  1 =
878: Convert ansi to LM format.   Inputs are two integers and returns the corresponding value in L
879: This function calculates the margin of error in meters. It takes as input an integer representing some measure
880: This function takes in two parameters - 'gamma' and the RGB value of an inputted hexad
881: Returns the mask of bits required to represent an integer in binary. For example, if you call `
882: Creates soft link from source to destination.  The function returns the command that would be run in
883: A function to perform integer division. If the number is positive or zero it rounds down otherwise upwards
884: Returns true when the number is divisible by eight. If not, it checks whether its last two
885: Converts an ASCII representation of the input to binary format using bitwise operations on each character
886: This function takes an array of edges and converts them into paths through nodes. It does so by
887: Checks if the number n can be rearranged to form an integer that reads same backward as
888: Compare two versions. If the first version is less than second one returns negative number; equal to zero
889: Convert string to HTTP URI formatting  .   Input -> Output Examples : 'google' =>
890: Given an array of numbers in the range 0 to n with each number appearing exactly once except one
891: Convert the major part of an integer to its equivalent in string format, and vice versa .
892: Returns the names of all users from given list.  [1pts].   Code snip
893: Returns the same value as input.  It is used to handle special cases in loops or conditions that
894: Checks if the given string represents an IP address with shortern format.  It checks whether
895: Divide the input string into two equal parts. If length of str is odd then first part will
896: Convert strings to boolean values.  If the input is 'true', it returns true, and otherwise
897: Computes the sum of differences between maximum and minimum values on each row.  This is used to
898: Calculates the error of an accuracy value. If inputted as int or flt then returns one
899: Convert the input string to CammelCase format using underscore as separator  Inputs : "
900: Calculates the reading rate per minute. The function takes three parameters - number of events to be processed
901: Returns the ratio of correct assignments to all assigned items.  This is used in multi class classification problems
902: Returns the runs of Ds and mds in an expression statistic.  [1pt]
903: Get the schema version of an Android Manifests.  [get_android/manifext
904: This function takes an argument as the name of chemical compound and returns it split into list form using '
905: Returns the total number of tricks needed to win. The trick is when players bid more than they have
906: Convert string of binary digits to integer.  For each digit, it multiplies the accumulator
907: This function returns the number of layers in an array. The input is assumed to be given as binary
908: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
909: Counts the number of zeros within an array.  Code is used to count how many zero
910: Convert Python booleans and numbers to strings. 1/3 of the time it converts
911: Convert the given string to an integer in base two. If conversion is not possible or if value isn
912: A recursive function to remove duplicates from an unsorted list. It uses the concept of "
913: This function takes in an array of 8 elements and formats it into one string. The first four
914: A function to calculate the squared value of an input.  Input is expected as integer or float
915: Tokenizes the input text by splitting it into individual sentences. The function takes three arguments, one
916: Returns the header namespace of an object or its parent element, returns empty string otherwise  . Parameter
917: Get the IP address of server on given Switch.  [getSwitchIP()].   location=
918: Check if the number of bits in 'has' is equal to that required by "want".
919: Calculates the area of one pixel in square meters.   Inputs : resolution -> The horizontal
920: Returns the fraction of time in which an event occurs within specified range [TSTART..STOP].
921: Computes the Walliser's Product using recursion and iteration methods."   }]}]]]
922: A function that returns true when the input is zero. If not, it calls itself with one less
923: A function that skips duplicate keys from the given list. It checks each key of 'parent'
924: Computes the Bregmann Map of an input matrix.  The map is defined as λ
925: Decodes the data from an Apertures chunk to get FStop of camera lens or sensor in
926: Check the validity of input timeouts.  If invalid, terminates execution and prints an error message
927: Clean the input data by removing leading and trailing whitespace from strings, or replacing 'na'
928: Convert the given datetime string to ISO 8601 format with timezone offsets included,
929: Returns the pattern that matches any string which is immediately preceded by it.  For example, "
930: Calculates the constant probability of Deutsh–Joszow algorithm's output being zero
931: This function rounds the input to its nearest integer value by adding 1/4 of an unit and
932: A function that returns the appropriate language version of 'hello' based on input.  For example,
933: Convert eCalendar Course Code to lowercase, but only when it's part of the 'Comp
934: Check if the given number 'is power of two' or not. This function will check whether an
935: Assembles coordinate object.  Coordinates are used to define points in space and can be manipulated
936: This function checks if the given file name does NOT contain "tests", nor contains 'documents',
937: This function takes as input two lists of predictions and returns the same length list with binary values. The
938: Returns the value of `+` operation on input.  This function is used to create an anonymous
939: Returns the 'old' guid of each element in inputted array.  This is done by mapping
940: Calculates the average of two numbers with an increasing step. The first number is used as initial value
941: A function that calculates the total of all digtis in years. It uses recursion to calculate
942: Builds the URL to view about page of given user on Facebook . This function takes in
943: Returns the smallest common multiple of two numbers. If they are equal or one is zero then returns that
944: A function to search an object in nested dictionary. If the searched element is found it returns its index
945: A function that multiplies two vectors elementwise.  The first vector is the "left" one
946: This function prints the number passed to it. It returns false by default, but can be overrid
947: A function that returns the value of x plus 1. This is equivalent to returning an amplitude parameter
948: Unwrapping function calls.  This is used to handle recursive functions that may be nested within
949: Defines function to increment the input by one.  Code is used in other functions as an example
950: Returns the reaction name of an atom.  For example, if compound is 'C10H
951: Convert speed from kilometers per hour to meters/second.   Inputs are in Km
952: Returns the logical "OR" of two conditions. If either one evaluates as true then it returns
953: This function returns the appropriate line style based on input. It can either be solid, dashed or dotted
954: This function checks whether two numbers have the same number of significant figures after being rounded to their nearest integer
955: Returns the type of an astronomical body given its id. The function is used to identify different
956: Function to extract the Phone number from an input string. This function takes in one parameter,
957: This function takes an input string of the form "<project>-" and converts it into upper
958: Convert MAVLink lat/long to decimal degree.   Inputs are in millisecond since epoch
959: This function checks whether there're at least one dictionary within the list matches with given inputted d
960: Returns the minimum follower ratio required to reach an online status. For each id, it returns one
961: Delete notifications from the given notification lists.  Returns new filtered one with deleted ones removed .   Input
962: Convert string to boolean value, support 'True', ‘False’ and other strings that represent true
963: Returns an empty list when the number of clics is even. Otherwise returns values from given option array
964: Find the item in 'item' list closest to given number.  It uses lambda function as
965: This function calculates the bandwidth of data. It takes two parameters - 'duration' and "the
966: This function returns the minimum number along with maximum numbers from an integer array. If there are none or
967: Computes the moving average of an array using closed form solution.  The formula is derived from mathematical
968: Calculates the Rayligne's Z function. This is used to calculate an
969: Returns the smallest bound box that encloses two points.  The four corners of it are returned
970: Returns the longest string from list of strings. If there are multiple, returns all those that have maximum
971: This function checks the state of cells based on their neighbors. If cell's status and its neighboring
972: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The intersection is calculated as area of
973: This function calculates the missing number from an unsorted list of numbers. The input is two parameters
974: Check if all elements of the list contain any keyword.  If not -> False else returns true
975: Calculates the margin of error in boilers. The function takes two arguments representing approximate and real
976: This function takes in the dictionary of users and returns their ids.  It also gets other information
977: Convert an object into integer or default value of zero when it's neither string nor number type .
978: Returns the reverse of input DNA string, replacing A with T and U to G or vice versaC
979: Checks whether the given string contains either dot '.'  and/or dash '-' .
980: Get tensor name from the given input.  Returns None if no such slot exists in current graph context
981: This function takes an API version string and returns it as integers in the form of [major][min
982: Returns true only when there are no indel's present.  If the first base of any
983: This function calculates the asymptotically peak of an exponential decay curve. The parameters are defined by
984: Check whether two inputs are of the exact width. If they're both integers or floats it
985: A function that returns the GitLab user's name from an input dictionary or object with "user
986: Check whether two axises are the exact equal.  If they're on different scales or have
987: Returns the cross product of two vectors.  Input is in form [[x],...,[z]]
988: This function finds the maximum sub array in an input list. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by
989: Calculates the percentage of yields.   [END] ```python Code to be tested and reviewed
990: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is already written in Python language
991: This function takes in blob key and returns the destination file name.  It is used to generate
992: Wraps the list 'l' with an additional element at position specified by "start" and
993: Check if the given URL starts with "http:///www..." or ends in ".jpg,
994: Get the id of an OWL Ontological Term from its IRI .  If it is
995: This function takes in an input string and returns the appropriate name of software suite based on its prefixes
996: Get the first matching Resource object from Resources by its 'Path'.  If no match is found it
997: This function returns the header list.  It is used to get all possible column names from an object
998: Casts the given object to None. If it is an empty string, returns false else true .
999: Counts the number of zeroes present.  Code is used to count how many zeros are
1000: Returns the filename of an attachment.  The file type is determined by its extension, e..g
1001: This function returns the subwords of given length. It is used to get all possible substrings from
1002: This function returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to X that is divisible by Y. If
1003: Exclude files with hidden names. This function checks the first and last character of file name
1004: Returns True if the given sequence contains an element at position 'index' and False otherwise.  Code
1005: A function to calculate the Recall@K metric. It calcula...   [truncated
1006: Defines the function to perform division. If denominator is zero it raises an error message "Cannot
1007: Calculates the horizontal position and depth after following commands from input list of strings .  The forward moves
1008: This function returns the minimum element of each column.  The input is assumed to be an n x
1009: This function returns the type associated with given input. It checks whether provided argument matches any known types and
1010: Parses the test line into two lists of strings by splitting on semicolon and comma respectively
1011: This function checks whether the given 'pharse' can be found as any sub string of one element
1012: Convert strings to boolean values.  If the input value can be converted into an integer or float type
1013: Convert pH to molar g/L using the conversion factor from atomic number and molecular weight of
1014: A function to check whether or not the given number can be expressed as sum of three consecutive numbers.
1015: Combines rules with an optional binary operation.  For example 'and', or and ', '.
1016: Convert the given amount of miligrams to grams using Python function .   Input is in Mil
1017: Returns True if the departure is 'Not Run'.  Otherwise, returns False.   [Examples
1018: Skip the cursor position in case of certain conditions. If current datetime is less than 3 months
1019: Setup arguments of the given optimization algorithm.  Returns dictionary with 'optimization' and optional parameters
1020: Returns True if there are any line items in the given array that contain an emtpy string.
1021: Get parameter name.  If the type is neither Independant Var Comp nor Test Benh Component
1022: Returns all non isomorphic matroids of the given set.  The function is recursive and uses
1023: This function calculates the yield depreciation of an object given its initial value and final state
1024: Returns the IP address of an Internal Node in network – format is "IPv4".
1025: This function returns the reflection of an input vector in 3D space. The result is returned as
1026: A function that checks whether two dictionaries have any secrets in common by comparing their keys and values recurs
1027: Generates an alphanumeric string of length 10 or less from the input, removing
1028: This function normalizes the input data to be between 0 and one. It does so by subt
1029: This function returns the header name of an inputted binary number.  It checks whether it is zero
1030: This function replaces all dashes in the input string with underscores and then every dot to
1031: Get the version of configuration from blob or default to zero .   Inputs : A dictionary object
1032: Calculates the cost of replacing one character with another. If both characters are identical it costs two points
1033: Computes the overlap score between two strings by comparing their characters one at time until they match or run
1034: Finds the presence of string "<TO FIND>" within each row from given .txt
1035: A function that sums all the elements in an array. If no element is present, it returns zero
1036: Returns True if the absolute values of two numbers are equal. Otherwise returns False .  [END]
1037: Split the URI into its components, optionally starting from an absolute path or relative to current directory
1038: This function checks whether two shapes are the exact identical. It does so by comparing their lengths and then
1039: A recursive function to check whether one given array contains another.  It uses the concept of lists
1040: A function to calculate the area of an isosceles right triangles. The formula used here
1041: A function to check whether an object or its elements are not none  .   Type of the input
1042: Extracts the first part from each line that matches given pattern within an inputted string or list
1043: This function returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The returned value is in format of
1044: This function confirms the color event.  It checks whether RGB values are valid and returns them in
1045: A function that filters out the matching or similar named data from an array of objects based on another set
1046: A function to check if the input number 'is even' or not. It returns True when it
1047: Calculates the negative predictive value of an algorithm's confusion matrix .   Input : A list
1048: This function checks whether the given 'guess' matches with provided ‘Password’. If they
1049: Generates an abbreviated version of the input string, with ... added to indicate truncation and ell
1050: Extracts the message id from correlation string or returns it as given in case of no split operation
1051: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1052: A function that calculates the Term Frequency. It counts how many times an element appears in list
1053: Encodes an array of ticks into ASCII characters. 0 is encoded as 'x',
1054: A function to calculate the nth Fibonacci number. The first two numbers are always
1055: Convert musical notes to frequencies using the C Major scale .   The input is an integer representing one of
1056: Return the point of intersecting two lines. If they are parallel or coincident then returns false;
1057: Returns the encoding to be used when writing files.  If 'True' is passed, returns utf
1058: Create an API endpoint URL based on the provided path.  For example, if you call `url
1059: Convert an EPSGCodes to string.  If the input isn't of type 'str',
1060: Write the given list of strings to file using write method .  This function is used when writing data
1061: This function checks whether the result of an operation is within specified tolerances. If not it returns False
1062: Convert the number of whole units into humanly understandible time duration. For example, convert '3
1063: This function takes in an input string and returns the same as output but with first character of each word
1064: Modify the average of an array. The function takes in four parameters - current member count and its
1065: This function calculates the cumulative probability of each pixel in an image. It takes as input three
1066: Check target dimensions.  Returns true or raises an error when the input is invalid; otherwise returns false
1067: This function calculates the equation of one straight segment between two points.  The slope is calculated and
1068: Computes the square root of 'n' using Herons method in python." --->
1069: Returns the first 36 characters of an input string, followed by three ellipses. If
1070: Convert the given 'speed' to deceleration time in milliseconds. The formula is derived
1071: Defines two functions to perform addition of means and variances. The first function takes in the values
1072: A function that returns the smallest or largest of two numbers.  If both are equal it will always
1073: Returns the index of an element in one dimensional array. The indices are calculated as follows : [i
1074: Convert Decimal Degree to Directional Minute Seconds. 1 degree = 3,
1075: This function takes in an input list of lists and returns the first element from each sublists.
1076: Check whether the given files contain 'acknowledgments' or not.  If they do,
1077: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The first three numbers are precalculated
1078: A function that returns the number of CPU cores available. If 'single thread' is true then it
1079: This function calculates the velocity of an object at time 't' given its initial speed and acceleration
1080: Checks whether the given string represents an integer in base 36. If it does, returns
1081: This function takes in an input string of markdown formatted documentation text as well returns the same output but
1082: Remove blank line from the input text  Code length :  10 characters . The function takes in
1083: A function to calculate the minimum of two numbers. If there are no more elements in list, it
1084: Implement an algorithm to sort the elements of list in ascending order.  Code is provided as
1085: A recursive function that checks whether there is at least one price above the given 'threshold'.
1086: Convert an algorithm string to its key type, or 'unknown' otherwise  Inputs : str
1087: Adds .CSS extension to the given file/folder names.  This function is used when
1088: Returns the delta value based on an inputted 'Index' and current angle of view. If Index
1089: Checks whether two lists of file paths are the same. If they're all identical or one
1090: Calculates the starting point of an array within given maximum value. If it's less than zero
1091: This function pads all sequences to the length of longest sequence. It uses padding token as filler when
1092: This function takes in an array of node pairs and returns the corresponding sorted data.  The output is
1093: Get the maximum nesting level of parentheses.  If no matching pair is found at given
1094: Returns the direction to its left. If it's east, returns west; if north ->
1095: A function that checks whether an element exists in the list.  If it does exist then returns true
1096: A function to get the sequence of characters in input.  If not provided as an argument or it
1097: Calculates more stuff on the given input.  If it's not already there and returns with
1098: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when `
1099: Calculates the frequency of capturing events within given windows.  Inputs are list/array with
1100: Checks if the given input string represents an opening brackets.  Returns True or False accordingly .
1101: Get the class name from an object's "Type" attribute in Python 3+ .
1102: Convert MEL value to herz.   Input is in Mel scale, output will be frequency of
1103: Convert dictionary to object.  This function converts the given dict into an equivalent Python Object, which
1104: Check if the number of row matches with no.of elements present on that line or column . If
1105: Transforms the basis of names to be used in database tables and column identifiers, replacing slashes
1106: Extracts the environment version from an input string, defaulting to 3rd generation when not
1107: Returns true when the inputted text has mixed case, false otherwise – e..g., '
1108: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
1109: Returns the fancy label of ND.  If 'From' is greater than zero then it returns
1110: Compare two lists of numbers. If the lengths are different then it returns an error message and ends execution
1111: This function generates the coordinates of squares on an x and y axis with given height &amp;#
1112: Convert the given input to bool. If it's “true”, returns true; otherwise
1113: Returns True if the new states are equal to old ones. If not returns False . The function checks
1114: Set the username of an account.  [...]   .format() method to format and display information
1115: Convert the given string to Title Case, ie., capitalize first letter of each word except possibly
1116: This function converts the given number into string format. If it is greater than an overload value
1117: A recursive function that takes in an iterable of two or more elements. It returns the first
1118: Parses an input string to create the corresponding Order object, or returns false otherwise  [END
1119: Returns the winning party information.  [...]   .format() method to format and display results in
1120: This function returns the filename of an output text file.  The ID and eras are used to
1121: Extracts the id of an individual Github'd file or folder from its url path .
1122: Defines an internal function to check whether the input can be converted into numerics.  It uses
1123: This function calculates the position of an object in linear interpolation. It takes as input its current
1124: Checks whether two numbers can be summed together.  If the first number equals to ten and
1125: Convert the inputted strings to lists of integers.  For example, '34' would be
1126: Convert boolean values to None.  If the input parameter 'value' equals True then it returns Nothing
1127: Convert the given number to its octagonal representation.  For example, if you input '10
1128: Returns the common elements in all lists of sets/lists provided as input parameters to function intersect().
1129: This function takes as input the maximum values of all possible 'Peak' objects and returns two lists
1130: Get the device or firmware stubs and generate their names based on its sysName, version & type
1131: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the same elements but with leading/trailing whites
1132: This function takes an integer representing the number of months as input and returns that same value. If it
1133: Returns whether the given point is within board dimensions.  Code by: [Your Name] .
1134: Defines function to add two collections of numbers. If input is not valid raises an error message stating
1135: A function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. If input is negative it returns
1136: Calculates the average length of two lists. If one list is shorter than another then it returns zero
1137: This function calculates the Kinetic Energy of an object given its mass and initial velocity .   [
1138: This function takes in an input x and checks whether it is exactly 3 digits long. If
1139: Returns the error of x and/or its derivative with respect to another variable. If |X|
1140: Returns the common elements of two lists.  Code is written to find intersecting values between given input
1141: A function that strips newline characters from the input string.  It does not modify non-\n
1142: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to n . If there's no
1143: Remove leading/trailing whitespaces from string values in the input dataframe column using pandas Data
1144: A function that generates the list of every possible sub string from an inputted long text. The output
1145: Fixes the order of headers in an array by replacing keys with their corresponding values from another dictionary and
1146: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. The head and tail are taken into account when calculating
1147: Convert input to bool or int as possible – convert string inputs like 'True', true' ,
1148: Returns the first part of an array with its second element as optional. If not present, returns only
1149: Check if the given ‘Point’ lies within rectangle. If yes then returns True else False .
1150: A function to calculate the total number of seconds from hours and minutes. The input is in format h
1151: This function generates the commands to publish Python packages using twinedistutils package and python's build
1152: A function to limit the value of an input within specified range.  It checks whether given number is
1153: Returns the length of sentences in each sentence indexed by 'idx' from ‘getSentences
1154: Compute corrected and Normalize CUMULATIVE PERCENTAGES of protein expression data
1155: Replace all occurrences of an element with another.  If the input isn't iter
1156: Returns True if the MAC addresses are within one unit of distance apart in terms on binary representation; otherwise
1157: Returns unique groups from the given list.  Code is used to find all distinct elements of an array
1158: Defines the function to compute scalar product of two vectors.  The input is expected as tup
1159: Get the ABI of an Event.  [Event Name] is used to find out which specific
1160: If the HTTP request resulted in an error with status "Too Many Requests" or any other
1161: Function to get the highest nybbles of an integer.   Inputs : Integer, Output
1162: Check whether the given list of worker processes or an asynchronous map is empty.  If either are
1163: This function calculates the maximum error rate of an ensemble model. It returns one minus its input probability
1164: A recursive function to check whether the input is in any of given strings or substrings .
1165: Normalizes the input data. If it's string type then returns as lower case otherwise leaves unchanged
1166: This function takes two lists of strings as input and returns the list obtained by appending each string in
1167: Classifies the first character of an input string as alphabetical, digit or special.  Returns
1168: Trim the garbage in string. Returns length of non empty parts after removing all brackets and their
1169: This function returns the svg file name based on whether or not an application has been validly run
1170: Returns True if the HTTP status codes are reusatable, False otherwise.  Code snippet
1171: This function checks whether the given regular expression matches any of several patterns in an array or single pattern at
1172: Returns the sum of kicked balls in both teams.  [1pt]   Code is used
1173: Merge three queries into one. If only WFC query is provided then it merges with HR
1174: Create function to retrieve text from file. This will be used in the main program where we
1175: Calculates the difference in milliseconds between two timestamps. If both are equal it returns
1176: Convert degrees to arc minutes.   Inputs are in decimal form, outputs will be converted into the
1177: This function takes as input an array of strings, splits them into two elements each and returns the
1178: Convert all nested lists to one level deep.  This function will convert any non array objects in the
1179: This function returns the destination part of an absolute or relative file system URL. If it is empty,
1180: ",         ...} .   return entry in sources.keys() and \'%s\'
1181: Return the element at index 'index' in list. If out of range returns false .  Code
1182: Defines the function to subtract two complex numbers.  The input is expected as an array of
1183: This function parses the command line options related to sz image compressor and returns them as list
1184: Returns the programming languages that can interpret given file extensions .  For example : `language interpreters`
1185: Count the number of times 'a' appears in string.  Code is used to find out how
1186: Return the name of an Image object or string that is used to identify it in storage systems, such
1187: Implement the Extended Euclid Algorithm to find gcd and coefficients of Bezout'
1188: Generates the name of output file based on input parameters.  The function takes in four inputs and
1189: This function returns the name of an agent's behavioral policies.  The index is used to
1190: Parses the inputted string into an integer that corresponds with its position in lexicographical order
1191: This function calculates the Sidake correction factor based on given significant level and number of tests performed in
1192: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is expected as 'fact
1193: Returns whether the bit at position 'j' in binary representation of number S. If it’s
1194: A function to extract natural orbital occupation numbers from the input file and store them in an array list .
1195: Get the external name of an AWS CloudFormation Stack resource in terms that can be used as part
1196: Implements the PRelu activation function.   [...] .py file that defines functions to compute
1197: Generates the filename of parameter sweep data.  Parameters are tagged and concatenated with their string
1198: Returns the last 1,349 markings in reverse order. If there are less than
1199: Create filename from the given string. This function will remove .txt extension and returns only file name without
1200: Defines the function to add two numbers.  It checks whether both inputs are either integers or flo
1201: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise False .  If the input is None , returns
1202: Returns True if the first list contains all elements of second. Otherwise returns False  Code Summary : Check
1203: Flattern nested lists into one level deep  Code snippet to test the function with some sample
1204: Remove the specified string from start of inputted strings in list or single element  .   Inputs
1205: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character.  If the input isn't string then convert
1206: This function returns the RGB values of an LED color based on position. The colors are defined by three
1207: Split the input parameters into separate strings, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from each
1208: Function to select color based on layer type.  It is used in the visualization of neural network
1209: Extracts the version number from an input string. If it'll be found in format v
1210: A function to calculate Hamming distance between two strings. If both are equal in the same position then
1211: This function calculates the time it takes to charge an electric vehicle. It uses data from its batteries
1212: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion method .   Inputs
1213: Returns the credit multiplier based on index of room in building .   # TODO : implement logic to
1214: Checks whether the given ID corresponds to an existing valid network segment.  Returns true or false accordingly
1215: Returns the negative threshold value based on positive one in symmetric distribution of given number .  For example,
1216: This function takes in an array of integers and returns the minimum value from each subarray.  It
1217: This function returns the first file name ending with "segmentation 1". If no such files
1218: Flatens the play field.  It goes through each element in order and adds it to an array
1219: Sorts the scores in descending order.  Code is used to provide an example of how one
1220: Extracts the text content of an HTML tag. If no such attribute exists, returns false or
1221: This function is used to get the origin of an Admin 3 level entity. If it'
1222: A function that sums elements of two lists. If one input is empty it returns an empyt
1223: Return the base domain of an URL.  [...]   .format(_id=None), None
1224: Expand the given string with '.' at end. If it is not already ending in dot,
1225: A recursive function to remove leading spaces from string.  If the first character is space, it
1226: Returns the path to ICD 10 CM codes file in given directory .   Code snip
1227: Check if the given filename points to an .gz compressed binary data – ie., it starts
1228: Returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are negative it returns that number instead .
1229: Check if the given string contains any numbers in it using regular expressions  Code explanation : This function checks
1230: Convert the given integer to its corresponding string representation.  For example, input of '3' will
1231: A function to calculate the middle value of three numbers.  If one number is less than another then
1232: Returns the JKYLL_URL from an absolute or relative file system location, removing any tra
1233: Validates the given environment.  Returns 'True' or an error message when validated, otherwise
1234: Counts the unique numbers of antennas visited.  Input is list with antenna' position . Output
1235: This function calculates the noise peak of an audio signal based on its amplitude and another parameter .
1236: This function checks whether the input can be converted to number. If it's an integer or floating
1237: Compare two configurations. If one is empty it returns true; otherwise checks the first elements of both lists
1238: Compute the average of metrics based on classes present or not .   [END] --->
1239: A function to check whether the input number 'n' has only two distinct factors - one and itself
1240: Returns True if the given dictionary contains an entry with name ending in 'Tx'.  Otherwise, returns
1241: Returns the sentiment of given text. 1 = Pos, -ve =  Neg , Neu .
1242: This function checks whether the source is supported extension.  It returns true when it's one of
1243: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as it does with all illegal characters removed from
1244: Generates autocorrelation function. Code is used to generate the auto correlation of data points in
1245: Get the name of an effective control point.  Returns string with format '<Character>_Ctrl
1246: This function checks whether two input strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the character counts within
1247: Set the current channel of an LED strip.  Returns 'ISet' followed by Channel number and
1248: Compute the score of an item based on its position in list, with lower positions being higher scores
1249: Parses artist information from the given dictionary.  Returns string with formatted info about an Artists
1250: Extracts the International Product Identifier from an IPI number. If no valid international product identifier
1251: A function that converts list of strings into sentence.  It uses recursion to build the string
1252: Defines the function to calculate new position based on current and an inputted movement. The calculation is
1253: Convert the input into table format.  If it's already in tabular form then just returns
1254: Finds the virtualization information of an LPAR.  Returns None when no match is found in
1255: Returns the fifth power of input.  This is an example function to demonstrate how easing in can
1256: Checks whether one string can be made from the other by deleting some characters.  If so returns
1257: This function converts all lower case characters in the input string into upper cases and returns it as output
1258: This function checks the first three elements of an array to see whether they are all "InERTIA
1259: Calculates the MUNSHELL value of an object based on its luminance Y in L
1260: A function that returns the word representation of an integer.  If input is not in range [−
1261: Counts the number of games played only between Crickets and Badmitons.  Code is used
1262: This function will set the specified 'bits' in binary representation of an integer to 0. It
1263: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1264: This function replaces the percent sign in file names with double percentage signs using namp's regex
1265: Convert the given 'Severities' into their corresponding level of importance in an application log file,
1266: Code to generate random numbers in range 0 -1 . The number is generated using numpy.
1267: Remove characters from string.  Code is to remove specified charecters/characters present at
1268: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that converts temperature from
1269: Returns the amount of fuel required to launch an object with given mass, rounded down by one decimal place
1270: Returns the normalized version of an input vector. If 'length' is not ‘one’ it
1271: Returns the storage type of given path or false otherwise  [Done].   .onStorage() -
1272: Convert dates to canonical format.  If the input string is empty, returns an emtpy str
1273: Transposes the dimensions of an input tensor.  The operation is performed on one dimension at time and
1274: Decodes the string 'CP 863' to its original form, using CP encoding from
1275: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were passed through .replace
1276: Checks if the input number falls within 1 to max value of zero.   .e..
1277: This function checks whether the input string contains any numbers. It does so by recursively checking each character
1278: Decodes an ERD integer value. The input is expected to be in hexadecimal format
1279: Compose the RGB values into one single integer. This function takes three arguments representing red ,blue and
1280: This function takes three parameters and returns the complete url.  It joins them with '/' as separ
1281: This function prints "unathorised" and then exits the program. – [1
1282: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius function .   Inputs are in degrees of the
1283: Returns 'Success' or ‘Danger’ based on the input. If positive, returns success
1284: Convert file size to its equivalent in terms of groups. Smaller files are considered as one unit,
1285: Trims whitespace from the beginning and end of string, replaces PEP prefixes with standard
1286: This function checks the completeness of an input sequence. It returns true only when all characters in string
1287: Removes adjacent duplicates from an array.  It does so by checking the first two elements of
1288: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Code is based on Eucl
1289: Removes leading and trailing slashes from string values, recursively until no more are present in
1290: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1291: This function checks the syntax of all given model definitions. If any definition has an error it returns
1292: Update evaluation values based on prediction.  If both are true then increment the correct predictions count; else
1293: Convert bit to megabytes.   Inputs : number of binary digits, Output -
1294: Convert entity names to plain text.  e is an Entity object, returns the name of that
1295: A function to convert list of IDS into corresponding word in the given dictionary.  The input is
1296: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input is two parameters -
1297: Replace the name of Guide joint with Boundary Joint Name – If it contains '
1298: Returns the appropriate character to use as part of string separation.  For pipe, comma and space it
1299: Returns the button that was pressed when mouse is over. If no such Button exists then returns false .
1300: This function returns the color corresponding to each class in an image. The colors are defined by RGB values
1301: Normalises the coordinates of paths.  Returns only those with at least one coordinate after transformation to x
1302: This function returns only the numbers in list. It recursively goes through each element of inputted array
1303: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1304: Parse the string to get value after ':' or ':'.  If not found, just returns
1305: Check whether one set is subset of another.  Returns true or false based on the result .
1306: Returns the score of an interview based on number humans present in it, with higher scores indicating more participation
1307: This function takes two positions and returns them after being clipped to the boundaries of an array. The
1308: Returns the input string with leading and trailing whitespace removed; converted to lowercase."  [
1309: A function to calculate the smoothing estimate of an estimator. The input parameters are three numbers - '
1310: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It's slower than an
1311: Resolve the id of an existing movie from its name. If not found it returns none .
1312: Convert the first three letters of each abbreviated name to its corresponding number. For example, 'Jan
1313: Returns the jth coefficient of polynomial with coefficients given by 'coefficients'. The first term is
1314: This function returns all unique names present within the given dictionary of action objects, which is used to identify
1315: Convert integer to string. The result is in thousands, but the input number can be any positive or
1316: Calculates the speed of sound in water given molecular weight and volume .   Input : mcu -
1317: Returns true when two lists have common elements.  If the first list is empty then it returns false
1318: This function reduces the degree to be between [-π, +π]. If it's outside of
1319: Calculates the derivative of KF with respect to density in one variable case scenario . This
1320: Unnests nested lists.  If the input isn't already in an unpacked form or
1321: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  The
1322: This function filters out the boundaries of an object. It uses recursion to go through all elements in
1323: Projects vector 'xy' onto the basis defined by vectors in 3D space. The result
1324: This function returns the next even number in an array of numbers. If it's already at or
1325: A function to generate an unique process id based on the input arguments .  It replaces dots with
1326: A function that checks whether the list contains unique elements.  It uses recursion to check each element
1327: Convert string percentage to floating point number, stripping the "%" symbol from it and dividing by
1328: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1329: Normalizes an inputted numpy ndArray by dividing each element in the given Array with
1330: Map input number x from range [0..1] to output value within the specified min/ max
1331: Returns whether the list contains an 'a' symbol. If it does, returns True; otherwise False
1332: A function to find the next greater day's temperature.  It uses an iterative approach with
1333: A function that calculates the total cost of all items in an order including pizzerias and
1334: Get the legacy msg types.  If an input is prefixed with '$' then it returns
1335: Extracts the items from user' s facebook page Wall .   [1pt]
1336: Returns the middle part of string.  If negative or zero length is given then returns an empty String
1337: Returns the path of file or directory as string. If it is not valid then returns default value '
1338: Convert the given Stop ID to an integer and split it into three parts using ":" as separator
1339: Convert the given Height in Centimeter to Metric. The function takes an integer as input and
1340: Create and send trace log messages.  The format of the logs are "&lt;SEND
1341: Returns the sign of input. If negative, returns '-'. Elseif positive or zero ,returns
1342: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' numbers. The first two terms
1343: Calculates the cost of moving given number 'n' miles. The function calculaes recursively
1344: Convert the inputted text into Jadoe Case, i., e..g 'this is an
1345: This function takes in three parameters - x point to be denormalised and the original means of all
1346: A function to convert the coordinates of an IJ system into its equivalent in JK System.
1347: Check the validity of an expression.  If it is syntactically correct and has no errors then
1348: Find the smallest number of characters required to represent all unique strings that start with "   ". If no
1349: This function returns the appropriate string based on what kind an 'archive' or no operation should take.
1350: Given an array of times in the format [h, m], returns angle between two hands on clock
1351: Insert 'three' after the element at position in circle.  Returns new list with inserted elements
1352: Calculates the surface area of an object.  Inputs are in cubic meters and returns result as
1353: This function returns the top n records from an SQL query.  It takes two parameters - 'query
1354: This function creates an empty board of the specified size with 'X's and pipes in python
1355: This function shifts the scale of angles by one and halves them. It is used to convert from
1356: Convert decibel weak power to watters.   Inputs : dbwneg, dbu
1357: Calculates the position of read in forward stranded RNA sequencing data. If it is on
1358: Returns the function values at given indices.  Code snippet to get functions from indexed list
1359: Given an ID, subtracting one from the timestamp part of that id and returning it as string format
1360: Check whether the given 'pos' parameter lies at an overflowing row.  Returns true when it
1361: This function calculates the maximum value that can be achieved by taking items from an available list. It
1362: This function takes an input string and removes all the special characters from it using Python's builtin
1363: This function checks if the objective is converging. It returns True when it's within an acceptable
1364: Replace specific values within the given dictionary of data points with new ones using .replacem
1365: A function to generate unigram list from the input word.  It uses recursion method of
1366: This function takes an input string of names and returns the first part that is NOT one among Mr.,
1367: A recursive function that calculates the value of nth bit in binary representation. It starts from
1368: Convert 4D index to one dimension. This function converts the four dimensional indices into single dimensions
1369: Check whether the first three characters of an ISC X.one data string starts with 'ISB
1370: This function splits an inputted long textual segmented by number of desired parts and returns them
1371: This function returns the length of input string.  It ignores spaces and counts only alphab
1372: This function takes in an input of sets and returns the same set as output. It is used to
1373: Returns the bit at given position in byte. If pos is out of range returns -987
1374: This function generates the matrix of vertices' connectivity. It uses depth first search to find all connected components
1375: Returns the URL of browser based on provided IP and Port number or localhost depending upon whether it is local
1376: Generates random keys of given 'n' characters in lowercase and digts, recursively until
1377: Adds LaTeX commands before and after the body of text.  Returns combined string with added
1378: Check if two histograms are the same ignoring case and spaces in between them  Code is
1379: A function to convert lists of any depth into one dimensional.  It uses recursion and iteration combined
1380: A function that finds the closest item in an array to another value. It uses recursion and helper
1381: This function checks if the given 'Tile' object represents one of DORA indicators.
1382: Returns true when the chunk ends.  If it's an empty sentence boundary ("."), returns
1383: Convert number to human readable format using K/ M / G suffixes e..g., convert
1384: Returns the result of dividing by zero. If denom is equal to Zero then it returns
1385: Tinh x^3 - 6x + 9 = £¬. Nhan va
1386: Returns the percentage of 'b' that is within an interval defined by two numbers in relation to another
1387: This function calculates the decay rate of polynomial regression based on an inputted number 'e' which
1388: Find the version attribute of an object. If it's modified, returns 'Modify'. El
1389: Convert labels to reverse order and append . in addr or arp domain name format based on IP version
1390: A recursive function to find the minimum number of coins needed. It uses memoization and dynamic
1391: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is stored
1392: Add all numbers from the list.  Code is incomplete, but adds up elements of inputted array
1393: Generates the string representation of domain and tasks.  For example "myDomainName - myTask
1394: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1395: Mirrors the order of elements within each list.  For example, if you have pairs like ([
1396: A function to perform interpolation between two values.  The input range is determined by the difference of
1397: Returns the error hash from an exception or None when no such information is available in it .  [
1398: Returns the full path of file. If it is not absolute, then returns relative to current directory .
1399: Remove the given 'prefixed' from input strings.  If not found returns original one .
1400: 检查一个名称是否与特定模式匹配，即不属于预设的特殊
1401: This function recursively transforms the given transformation string into an equivalent one that can be evaluated by Python
1402: Checks whether all characters in the word are non letters or underscores only using recursion,
1403: Convert the given input to boolean value using lower case conversion of strings 'True' and/or
1404: Returns the first three elements of list.  Code is copied from original to new array, but only
1405: A function that checks whether an object is in the list or tuple. If it's found,
1406: Format the value as an abbreviated version of its default string representation. If it's too long
1407: A function to schedule the initial Learning Rate based on Epoch number and Total Number of Epoches
1408: Returns the length of kmers used in assembly. If an unknown or unsupported type is provided it
1409: A function that checks whether all the letters of word are unique.  It does so by checking each
1410: Counts the number of blank lines in file .txt or any other type that can be read by
1411: Parses an XML attribute as Boolean. If the value is neither true nor false, it raises
1412: A function that counts the number of times an inputted string appears in another list. The search is
1413: Returns the square root of each number in an input sequence if it is perfect squared otherwise returns None
1414: Returns the root URL of an URI from given list or empty string when no match found in provided ur
1415: Computes the relative difference between two sets of complex numbers in terms on how much they differ from each
1416: Replace the rightmost occurrence of '<TARGET>' in <SOURCE>  with
1417: This function returns the current version of Django being used in your project, which is djang
1418: This function cleans an id by replacing all non alphanumeric characters with underscore (_).
1419: Combines two lists of results. If one or both are empty returns the other's result otherwise
1420: Create list of unique elements from two lists by removing duplicates using set().  Also checks that the
1421: Create and manage dictionary of keys to values.  If the request is not found in dict it will
1422: Convert RGB color to grayscale using the formula given in problem statement and returns gray scale value as
1423: A function to calculate the interpolation between two points. The result is an approximation of y=f
1424: This function takes two sequences of records by their keys as input parameters - one is from another's
1425: Returns the data type of an input. If it's string returns 'Text', numerics -
1426: Check whether the given number is float.  Returns true or false based on input being either integer,
1427: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1428: Check whether the given input represents an empty line.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false
1429: Create whitespace strings.  If using TAB character as the unit of indentation and not
1430: This function takes in an array of paths and returns only the directories within that inputted file system structure
1431: Compute the signed distance from one line to another. The two lines are defined by their endpoints
1432: Convert ECEF coordinates to Cartesian vector.   Inputs are the six components of an east
1433: Returns True if n is an Odd number, False otherwise. Code checks whether the input integer '
1434: A function to calculate the index of binary representation. The input value is mapped onto an interval [a
1435: This function splits the input string into substrings based on an argument and joins them back together with
1436: This function calculates the volume of prisms.  It takes two arguments - base and heig
1437: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1438: Parses the given string to extract information about its corresponding GEM group and Hash String part of
1439: A function to check whether the inputted integer 'is prime' or not. It uses recursion
1440: A function to skips the first n number of empty line in given string.  Code is written
1441: Check whether the given 'str' starts with specified "characters" or not.  If yes
1442: Appends the given query condition to list of conditions based on provided parameters .  For example append
1443: Defines the function to divide two numbers.  Returns their quotient if they are both positive or
1444: This function takes two numbers as input and returns the result of subtracting one from another.  It
1445: Code to find all the unique channels that are being utilized by transferring data.  This function will
1446: Finds the maximum repetitions of any pattern in an array.  Returns as integer value representing that
1447: A function to check whether the given inputted text/sentence or line of codes are blank.
1448: Display the given list of Python Warnigs. If no warnig is provided it will show '
1449: Check whether the input text has more than one character. If it does, returns true; otherwise false
1450: Convert bold tags to and from marker IDs, or vice versa in the given Graph object
1451: A function that calculates the first n natural numbers.   [Explain what it does] .
1452: Calculates the average importance of states in an evolutionary algorithm.  The maximum state's value
1453: This function takes in the name of an OSM TILE and returns its longitude/ latitudes
1454: Create an element with the given label and child elements.  The function returns tuple of two items -
1455: Disjoint Groups.  A function that takes an array of group names and returns the list with
1456: Parses an address string and returns the corresponding integer value in bytes or other units depending on whether
1457: A function to calculate the number of digits in FIBO sequence. The fibonacci
1458: Check whether the first element of an inputted string or list represents symbology.  If so
1459: Calculates the abundance of Oxygen in an atom's nucleus based on atomic number and mass
1460: Defines the function to perform division. If divisor is zero it raises an error message "cannot
1461: Returns the amount of elapsed or remaining seconds between two times.  If it's already past
1462: Returns the delta between two numbers. If either number is zero it returns zeros otherwise just one of
1463: Count the number of tilINGS in an array. The function counts all possible arrangements that can be
1464: Returns the AWS service name corresponding to given EC2 instance's Region.  For example, returns
1465: Convert input to list of strings. If already in string format returns as it was provided otherwise convert the
1466: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1467: Wraps an inputted degree to the range of [18,79] degrees.
1468: This function calculates the product of two numbers. If one or both are zeroes it returns '
1469: Truncates the string to '...' at last three characters. If length of str is less
1470: This function takes in an array of two numbers and returns the first number as its second position, followed
1471: Returns the shortened version of an input string.  The function takes in one parameter, which is
1472: A function that rounds the scores of students.  It takes in an array/list containing numerical values
1473: Checks if the point p lies within box defined by corners of bounding volume in three dimensions .
1474: A function to perform elementwise operations on three numbers. If the absolute value of an input number is
1475: Remove HTML tags from text input  Code is used to remove all html formatting present within the string
1476: Normalizes URL to http format. If the input is not an absolute or relative HTTP/HTT
1477: This function cleans the input text by replacing all spaces with underscores and converting to lowercase,
1478: Convert URL to filename format using the given function."  [END]  ```python ```def
1479: Defines function to sum two numbers.  Code is simple and easy on the eyes .   Example
1480: Calculates the probability of an instance being down or not.  Given two primary and secondary rates at
1481: Validates ASCII Domain name formatting using recursive function call and conditional checks on each character
1482: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1483: Simplifies the given string by removing any leading slash and returning only its content after it,
1484: A function that joins the arguments passed to it. It uses recursion and is case sensitive, i
1485: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence using memization. The input is an integer
1486: Converts an integer into its corresponding letter in the English Alphabet. For example 'int =
1487: This function checks whether the game has been won or not. It returns true when it's either
1488: Returns the beam shape tag based on 3D Primary Beamshape. If it's
1489: Calculates the value of one parameter in terms 𝑠.   Parameters are :
1490: Remove the score from contributions list  Code is used to remove "score" key/value pair in
1491: Checks whether the prediction tokens are consistent with those of another token sequence.  If they match exactly
1492: Returns the emoji representation of health status based on given percentage. If it's above or
1493: This function returns the URL to search artists in given countries and genders using Harvards API .
1494: A recursive function to calculate the number of spaces in an array. The result is stored and re
1495: A function that adds 3 before performing addition. If the inputs are either integers or floats it
1496: Check whether the given variable name starts with 'W' or ‘p’ and followed by one
1497: Returns the transpose of matrix. The input is expected to be square and non empty matrices with equal
1498: Create an object reference. This function is used to create the necessary data structure that will be
1499: A recursive function to convert nested lists into one long list.  It uses the concept of tail
1500: Returns whether the next element in sequence is of boolean type.  If 'direction' parameter indicates that
1501: Convert the VRF name to BGP default virtual routing table 103 .   Code sn
1502: Implement learning rate schedule based on the number of complete passes through training data during each cycle, with
1503: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can distribute 'n' items into
1504: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  The
1505: Counts the number of dots on an array.  Code is used to find out how many '
1506: Convert the given string into singular form.  For example, 'cats' becomes just cat and
1507: This function takes in an array of strings and replaces 'extr' with the letter e,
1508: A function that prints "good bye" and then exits the program.  Code is written
1509: This function converts the given value to an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it is
1510: A function that calculates the power of each digit. It takes two parameters - an integer 'number
1511: Trim the '++' from string pvalue and split it into list of strings using +"
1512: A function that performs bit wise AND operation on two IP addresses. The first byte of the result is
1513: Remove duplicate entries from the text input by converting it to lower case and splitting into individual word lists,
1514: Checks whether the given string `str` has length of exactly eight characters and starts with "C
1515: Generates HTML list of GitHub Issues based on the provided array, each with its own link
1516: Returns combinations of elements from the input iterable with specified size. The function uses recursion to generate
1517: Combine two integers into one. If the first integer is positive it combines as normal otherwise in reverse
1518: A function to remove the specified string from end of given text/string  .   Inputs :
1519: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1520: Returns the interpolated value between two points.  The parameter 't' is used to determine where
1521: A recursive function to flattern nested lists.  It takes an arbitrarily deep nesting
1522: This function finds the time points where voltage levels exceed threshold. It uses recursion to find all occur
1523: Calculates the circumference of an ellipse given its semi major axis and length in one
1524: Returns the prefix of an SSD or HDD based on its name.  For example, "sdb",
1525: This function checks whether all addresses are present as keys of the given dictionary.  It does so by
1526: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1527: Extracts the last four octets from an OID and returns them as IP address format .
1528: This function takes in the string representation of an ISO 963 Date and returns it formatted as
1529: Returns the smallest number in an array. If no numbers are present, it returns zero by default or
1530: Check if the number of function's argument matches with expectation.  If not match then raise an
1531: Convert number to million. If the input is zero or negative returns 'zero'. Otherwise converts it
1532: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1533: Returns random key from the dictionary's available options .   Code length : ~3 lines of python
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to public url format  .   Input is google storage bucket or file path,
1535: Converts boolean to integer. True is converted as 'integer' of one, False otherwise .
1536: Map Ansbile Type To JsonSchema.  This function maps the given argument' s answerble
1537: Returns the first N numbers in an arithmetic progression. The sequence starts with zero and is increment
1538: Return the revision range in which all revisions are identical.  Code is used to get rid of
1539: Convert Hexadecimal to Address. The address is the last part of input string after removing
1540: This function takes in the standard deviation of an image and returns its adjusted color variation, ensuring it stays
1541: Returns the size of an argument in bytes. For example, int is four byte long and double eight
1542: Convert an unsigned integer to bytes array. The input is expected as hexadecimal string or number
1543: Function to get the properties of an element based on its symbol or name .   [END OF SUM
1544: Check if the fitness values of two chromosomes are dominated by each others.  If they'
1545: This function sets the global variable 'VERBOSITY' and prints out its new value.
1546: Convert DSCP to TOs.   Input is in the range of [0,16
1547: A function to generate the sort key based on whether columns end with "_ids", or"_mask".
1548: Calculates the cube of an inputted integer.   Inputs -> Output Expected Results
1549: Returns the name of day on which given integer represents.  For example :get('1') will
1550: This function checks if the input string isn't blank, ie., it doesn’s contain
1551: A function that calculates the factorial of all numbers up to 'n'. It uses recursion
1552: Deconstructs YAML references in the given schema.  If it encounters $REF or
1553: Compare two integers. If the first integer is greater than or less then second one returns it otherwise default
1554: Returns True if the given 'set' contains an element equal to or greater than 10.
1555: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1556: This function calculates the gradient of attention over two points.  The result is an indication how much
1557: Create an unique string identifier based on the channel number and other parameters.  Code is used to generate
1558: Interleaves two binary numbers. The function takes in an integer and returns the interlaced version
1559: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when `
1560: Checks if the given object represents an AST block.  [1 point]   Code sn
1561: Generates the population of fields in an array.  This function takes as input one or more arrays
1562: A function to generate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' terms.   Inputs :
1563: Returns the number of cores to use. If less than or equal zero then returns max core count minus
1564: Check whether the given resource type control is valid or invalid based on its 'URL ID'.  If
1565: This function takes in an input string and returns the first part of it that is enclosed by parent
1566: Defines function to format float number.  Round the inputted floating point value and returns it as
1567: Check whether the given string represents an empty or invalid UNIX Address.  Returns True when valid,
1568: Returns the tripled and filtered version of input numbers. The function takes in an array/list '
1569: Compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The function
1570: Defines functions to manipulate lists. Appends an element at the end of each sublists
1571: This function returns the first 6 digits of an inputted customer id. The format is assumed
1572: Returns the crystal system of an atom. 0 < SPG <= ~inf . The function returns
1573: Parses the last part of an ID by splitting on "/" and returning it as UUID format
1574: A function that converts an integer into its binary coded decimal equivalent. The input is the number
1575: A function to find all possible combinations of length K in the string s.  The helper recursive
1576: A function to find the column index in an array of strings that matches one string from another.
1577: This function takes in an argument and returns the same type of elements as input, but with nested lists
1578: This function takes an input string of comma separated values with 'War' or ‘fls’
1579: This function calculates the RosenBrock's loss or fitness of an input vector, which
1580: A function to calculate linear sum.  The input is two numbers and the output will be their average
1581: Clean the string 'PTCRB' and remove any OS related information from it, leaving only product
1582: Plotting the Kinematic Boundary asymmetry.   Inputs are two parameters
1583: Decodes the path segment.  If it'll be encoded, returns original string otherwise just keeps
1584: Create an empty replacement list.  The size of the replalcement is determined by 'size
1585: A function to reverses the string.  It uses recursion and stack data structure approach .
1586: Convert the given numerical rating to its string equivalent. 0 is considered as 'terribble',
1587: Generates predictions based on the output of CNN and AS models. The function takes two lists as input
1588: Check if every value in the dictionary is True or False, indicating whether each lunch was eaten by at
1589: Adds two 3D coordinates.   Example usage : print("Result of addition is ",add
1590: This function checks whether the input word or phrase in alphabetical order. It does so by comparing
1591: A function that multiplies each element of the first list by every corresponding “y”. The
1592: A function to calculate the power of two. If negative exponent is given then it calculates modular inverse
1593: Returns the longest name from an array of names.  The function takes as input one list with strings
1594: Generates all possible combinations of three indices from 0 to 'length -   one less than the
1595: Returns the reflection of point 'p' about line segment with endpoints at points "a" and
1596: Calculates the average energy level in an array of measurements. If no data is available, it returns
1597: Check the duration of cross section. If it is zero then show "no valid data" and stop
1598: Convert string to YAML format.  If the input is an empty or null, returns it
1599: This function takes two lists as input and returns the first element of each pair from both inputs. If
1600: Calculates the velocity of an object in Earth's frame. The input is three parameters - vector
1601: Returns the first character of each word in an array. If no input, returns empty string .
1602: Returns true when the data type of inputted value can be handled by our program.  Otherwise returns
1603: Remove duplicated elements from the end of list and reverse order .  Code is used to get unique
1604: A recursive function to calculate the value of polynomial at point 'X'. The base case is when
1605: Returns the URL to fetch comments of given post in RedDIT's r all submissions section
1606: Implement the logical 'AND' operation. Returns true when both inputs are nonzero; otherwise returns
1607: Implemented an encryption algorithm using the Rabin–Miller primality test. The function takes
1608: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1609: Convert the coordinates of an object in one dimension to another. This function is used when converting between different
1610: Flatens the inputted nested lists into one dimension.  For example, given [a,[b
1611: Returns the CIFAR – one of ten classes from an array. The function maps each integer
1612: Removes an element of the list and returns true on success or false otherwise – OOPS
1613: Checks if all cards in the given 'flush' are of same suit.  Returns True or
1614: Returns the middle point of two points.   Inputs are tuples representing coordinates in space and
1615: This function takes in text and returns the same string but with all numbers removed from it, leaving only
1616: This function takes as input an array of items and returns the same list with all duplicates removed but
1617: Returns True if the number is divisible by either three nor five. Otherwise, returns False .
1618: This function moves an element from the list to its front and returns updated List .  It removes any
1619: Trims the string to specified length. If it'll be too long then cuts off at given
1620: This function takes in an array of points and returns the clock wise order.  It does not modify
1621: Check whether the given numbers can form PythaTriangle. 1<= x <= y <=
1622: A function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an integer
1623: This function generates the prefix of cup codes.  It takes four parameters - radius unit ,outer and
1624: A function to get an element from the given array by its position. If it doesn't exist
1625: This function calculates the altitude of an object at given pressure in meters using Newton's law
1626: Convert the given weight in kilograms to grams.   [Example] If input is '
1627: Split the given list of strings into chunks based on dashes.  If there are two
1628: Extract the base name from an absolute path to its containing directory, ignoring any leading directories in
1629: This function sorts the given dictionary of options and returns them as string with formatting rules applied to keys
1630: Convert mathematical notation from one form of representation into another using Python's string replace method, and convert
1631: Limit the value to be between [min=1] and max[79]. If val
1632: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1633: A function to check the validity of an input.  It checks whether inputs are positive integers less than
1634: This function divides the input data into two sets based on whether or no certain condition holds. The
1635: A linear interpolation function.  It takes four arguments and returns the value of an input point between
1636: Checks if the given string starts with four spaces.  If it does, returns True; otherwise
1637: Remove leading and trailing non alphanumeric characters from string input – sanitation function .
1638: This function takes in the repository url and returns its respective user name or organization's username depending on
1639: Notify the recipient of an event.  [...]   Code snippets and/or function
1640: This function pads all sentences to the length of longest sentence. It adds padding tokens at end until each
1641: Flatens the inputted nested lists.  It uses recursion to handle any nesting level of
1642: Create tweet content. This function takes three parameters - preambles and messages to be included
1643: A function that generates an array of numbers from 'start' to end. The range is inclus
1644: This function takes in the name of an internet host, checks whether it starts with 'ww' or
1645: Returns the operating period of each project within specified timeframe.  [code]   .eos
1646: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  The order is preserved as well .   Example
1647: Checks whether two frequencies are the same. If they do not match any of known pairs in order
1648: This function checks whether the given value 'is greater' compared with another number which should be considered as
1649: Converts UVW to GRZ using the conversion factors provided by NASA's UAV Mission
1650: Convert TCP state from Hexadecimal to string.  The states are defined as follows :
1651: This function checks whether an inputted value of 'x' falls within the range defined by two other
1652: Join two URLs together with the help of '?' symbol.  For example if we have url
1653: Convert the input string to an enumeration constant name in uppercase formatting, e..g.,
1654: This function calculates the Levenschtein distance between two strings. The algorithm is used to
1655: This function divides two numbers. If the input values are not numeric it returns an empty
1656: This function calculates the learning rate based on current and total number of training iterations."   .strip
1657: Merge two lists of properties into one. Removes duplicates from the merged list by checking against
1658: Returns the maximum length of keys present within given dictionary's items .  It is used to determine
1659: Returns the RGB value of an object with reduced opacity. If it's fully opaque or
1660: A function that checks whether the given value is present as an element of any term within list.
1661: This function checks whether the input string contains 'public' or any of its substring.  If
1662: This function generates the y values of polynomial with given coefficient and number. It uses recursion to calculate
1663: Validates the file extension of .GFF or GTF files.  Returns true when valid,
1664: Sort the given list of strings by length and then alphabetic order.  For equal lengths
1665: Appends the vertices of two polygons only when they share an edge. Returns whether it has
1666: Calculates the perpetual value of an investment.  The formula is based on compound interest and returns
1667: Transforms the input string by shifting each character according to its ASCII value. The shift is determined
1668: Calculates the percentage of tokens that are common between two lists. The function takes as input both token
1669: Returns the linear interpolation between two points in 3D space using spherical coordinates." --->
1670: Verify the authorizations of an user.  If 'action' is permitted on any given permission
1671: Returns maximum possible episodes based on given parameters  Input Parameters - numHLayers : Number Of H
1672: A function to calculate the minimum and maximum of two dimensional data. It uses recursion with nested functions
1673: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, `flattern([[[3] ,4
1674: A function to calculate the number of steps required by Collatz conjecture. The input is an integer
1675: Convert scripts to Windows format.  If the OS is windows, append .BAT extension and convert
1676: A function to concatenates lists. If the input array or any of its subarray contains only one
1677: Check whether the given coordinate lies within an object's boundary.  If it does not lie in
1678: Convert polynomial to string representation.  If the input is empty, returns an emtpy String;
1679: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1680: This function takes in the current software's versions and returns an incremented one by “one
1681: Normalises the text query and returns its normalized value based on word count of input string . The normalization
1682: This function returns the given string with an underscore prefix and suffix.  It is used to create
1683: Count the number of times character appears at end. Code is recursive and counts from right to left
1684: Check whether two numbers are equal.  If they're both integers or floats it will compare
1685: This function is used to get the value of specific dataset in dictionary 'color' .  It takes
1686: This function returns the input list of column names, but it will only keep one instance ("task id
1687: This function takes in the name of an HTML element and returns its id as string, e..g
1688: Calculates the area of an equilateral right triangles. The formula is used to calculate it
1689: Finds the first kmers of an input string. If there are no more than one identical subsequ
1690: Returns true if the language is English or Spanish.  Code checks whether row contains 'xx' symbol
1691: Computes the contrast between two means of gray matter and white Matter in anatomically defined brain
1692: Compiles the input string into morse equivalent using English to Morsea Code translation dictionary – only
1693: Remove trailing newline character from string.  If the input is not provided, returns an empty
1694: Merge the given list of tuples into one string with matching indices from another provided dictionary .
1695: This function calculates the area of bins.  It takes two arguments; one is an integer representing
1696: Cheksums are used to verify the integrity of lines read from files. This function calculates and
1697: Returns the first occurrence position in list. If it doesn't exist then returns None or raises
1698: Convert an input string into dictionary of keys and values using "==" as the separator, where
1699: Remove URL from text input string – split the sentence into individual terms, then filter out those that
1700: Calculates the efficiency of free ring transition from lifetime in Hz to percentages .   [...]'
1701: A function to map input value from one range into another.  The mapping is linear and continuous but
1702: Implemented an Insert Sort algorithm.  Code is used to sort the given list in asc
1703: Create an application configuration object.  This is used to configure the Flask instance and extensions like SQL
1704: This function calculates the coordinates of centering one string in another. It takes four parameters which represent
1705: Generates an HTML Table of Contents from MarkDown Headers using the given NoteBook Name as
1706: Convert PhRED quality scores to ASCII.   Inputs are phased base calls in the form
1707: A function to generate all pairs of numbers in the given two dimensions. The first number is from zero
1708: Convert an hour and minute to the corresponding index in sorted list. Code is used by other functions that
1709: A recursive function to calculate the absolute value of all elements in an iterable. The result is
1710: Returns the number of weights needed to represent given quantum form.  For two local gates only available currently
1711: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to given number 'N'. This function
1712: This function replaces the end of line characters in given string with provided character or empty .  If
1713: A helper function to check whether an element is in the list. If it's present then returns
1714: This function reorients the starting positions of blocks in an array. If input is positive it returns
1715: This function dedupes the scopes by appending an incremental number to each unique name within
1716: A function to perform floating point number rounded. If the value is greater than or equal  > 9
1717: Implemented an algorithm to search through the list one by on.  Code is written with Python
1718: This function checks whether the given `value` is less than two critical values. If it isn’
1719: Convert pixel value to waveform.  The input is the pixels of an image and returns its corresponding
1720: Generated intermediate control point between two given coordinates based on the number of desired intermediaries specified
1721: Returns whether the given hypothesis string represents an alternative to comparison operators.  For example, '!' or
1722: Count the number of matching letters between two strings. If one string is longer than another by more characters
1723: Returns the number of quarters in given year. If invalid, returns -"Invalid Month".   Input
1724: A recursive function to find the closest threshold in list of thresholds. If no match is
1725: A function to reverses the order of characters in an inputted String.  It uses recursion
1726: Given an integer, returns the result of multiplying it by two and then taking modulo with another
1727: This function gets the numeric part of an mg or pql filename by getting its length minus four
1728: Simplifies the output of stdouts by removing unnecessary information from it and keeping only what is necessary
1729: Counts the number of leading spaces in one string.  Code is used to count how many characters
1730: Convert string to boolean value, returns true when input is yes or 'True' and false otherwise
1731: This function scales the elements of an input array by multiplying each element with given scalar.  It
1732: Format datetime object to string in JavaScript formatting style – YYY/MMDD HourMin
1733: Convert the given color scale to an equivalent one that is more suitable as per human perception.  This
1734: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient between two walls at constant pressure.  The wall is assumed to be
1735: This function takes in an input string and replaces underscores with spaces, then capitalizes the
1736: This function counts the number of elements within an index that are less than clip length.  It takes
1737: Returns the ASCII value of character at given position in string. If outofbound returns '-1
1738: Computes the product of two numbers. The first number is subtracted from  one and then multi
1739: Calculates the temperature rise and loss in kW/hrs based on operating Power & Weight input
1740: This function reverses the inputted strings. It does so by recursively calling itself with each character
1741: Convert the first character of string to lowecase. If input is empty, returns an emt
1742: Convert the given string to its corresponding RGB value. For example "red" will be converted into r
1743: This function checks if the given matrix has square dimensions.  It returns True or False accordingly based on
1744: Checks whether the first character of inputted textual data can be considered as channel.  It
1745: This function splits the given comma separated strings into individual elements and returns them as list of non empty
1746: This function splits the time in seconds into hours minutes and second.   .e..g.,
1747: A function that calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers.   [1 point] Code explanation
1748: A function to find the mean of colors based on their keys.  Returns 'None' when no
1749: Convert web.db type to equivalent SQL data types in sqlite3 module  .   Type of
1750: This function calculates the average of numbers in list.  It's called "mean" because
1751: Generates sequence of levels based on average distance from the starting point.  The number and type parameters
1752: Counts the number of prime digists from left to right. If input negative or non integer then
1753: This function returns the inputted text in color Yellow.  It uses ANSI escape codes to
1754: Remove leading indentations from the given string of text, ie., strip off tabs and new
1755: Returns the month name corresponding with an integer input. The function takes in one parameter, n which is
1756: Returns the source name from given FULL NAME, removing any additional information after '-' symbol  .
1757: A function that returns the first part of input string up to specified length. If it's longer
1758: Converts the first letter of each word into uppercase and leaves other letters as is, then
1759: Normalizes the angle difference between two angles. If an input is greater than 9 o'clock
1760: This function generates an empty string based on the boolean values of input list "Active". If true,
1761: Calculates the maximum heat conduction coefficient value.  Code is used to calculate and set initial values
1762: Generates an input sample from the combined list of relevant and irrelevant articles.  The output is
1763: Extracts the type of promotion and its corresponding services from an input string "<PromotionType
1764: Perform elementwise subtraction of two matrices. If the input is not valid or one matrix has
1765: Returns the color at given index in list of 10 different shades. If there is no such
1766: Parses the input string to float number format .  e..g, '10'
1767: This function checks whether all the given task objects are finished or available. If they're both true
1768: A function to calculate sleep time based on the number of failed attempts.   The first attempt is given
1769: This function checks the player's answers and adjust their remaining attempts. If they are correct it returns
1770: Check whether the given 'sub' string is palindrome. If it returns true then print "
1771: Convert string to number or keep as it. If not possible converts boolean and none values into their
1772: Toggles the visibility of an object.  If both objects are present then toggling between open
1773: Convert the input to an all caps string  Code is used in converting text into Uppercase letters .
1774: Evaluates the value of each individual tokenized and lemmatize form within given set '
1775: Return the name of an attack type based on its numerical representation.  For example, 'ssh'
1776: A function that returns the result of recursively calling 'branch' on half its input until it reaches
1777: Returns the maximum overlap between two intervals. If they don't intersect at all then returns zero otherwise
1778: Defines the RELU function. It returns zero when input is less than or equal to z
1779: Checks if the entire string contains only capital letters.  Code by [Your Name].   Date
1780: This function calculates the T statisic between two means with given standard deviations and sample sizes
1781: Calculates the growth rate of water pressure in an isothermal compressible flow at constant temperature and
1782: Returns the list of bowti e index files based on base name and extension .  It returns all
1783: Invert the order of elements within each list.  For example, if input is [[3],
1784: This function takes as input an array of lists, splits each list into individual elements by "--
1785: Create an function that returns the given string with underscores inserted at each character.  If not
1786: This function calculates the percentage of users who have purchased from brands.   Inputs are number and
1787: Calculates the non discrete relative likelihood of an event occurring.  The function takes three parameters : probability
1788: Returns the number of hours in given amount.   Inputs are expected to be integer values representing time
1789: Returns the value at given pointer in either of two modes. If it's ‘read’
1790: Extracts the DOI suffix from an inputted Protocol'DOIs string formatting .
1791: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1792: This function divides the list of selected clients into groups. The number 'N' determines how many
1793: Check whether two strings are either the same or differ by exactly 0 to n characters. If so
1794: This function checks whether an IP address falls into multcasting or not based on its octets'
1795: A function that converts an arbitrary Python data type into its equivalent ascii representation .  It
1796: This function calculates the derivative of sigmoide activation.  It is used in backpropag
1797: Flips the order of elements in tuple.  For example, if input is ('a', '
1798: Generates the required number of leading whitespace.  If string is longer than needed then it returns
1799: This function calculates the average of all elements in an array.  It is used to calculate median
1800: A function that subtraction two vectors.  Returns the result of each element in first input with corresponding
1801: A function to add two numbers.  If one of the operands is None or empty string it
1802: Returns the quotient of two numbers 'd' and '/'.   Code snippet to be
1803: This function takes as input the dictionary of trade marks, then it iterates over each entry to convert
1804: Returns whether the last name in list is 'End'. If more than one, returns zero. Otherwise
1805: Convert dictionary to standard output format using keys and values from the inputted dictionaries .  For each
1806: Get job status from Jenkin's API. This function will get the list of jobs
1807: Converts the contrast ratio between two given lumens to an integer value that can be used
1808: Concatenates all elements in the list into one string. If input is empty, returns an
1809: A function that returns the nth element of an array. If no such index exists it will raise
1810: Get the list of feature objects from GeoJSON.  If no such attribute exists, raises an error
1811: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output, but with each string pref
1812: Calculates maximum likelihood estimator of temperature. If Alpha is less than or equal to one then it
1813: Convert the given game board into its tuple representation.  This function takes as input an object representing current
1814: This function takes as input the list of scalefactores and returns an absolute version.  It
1815: Calculates the Rey's number.  Input is velocity v and diameter of pipe in m
1816: A function to determine the orientation of three points. Returns an integer indicating whether they are clockwise or
1817: Check if all characters in the given string are present.  If not it returns True else False .
1818: Convert 4d point from camera coordinate system to image plane. This function takes in the coordinates of
1819: This function builds the TOs of an object. It takes in parameters to determine whether or not certain
1820: This function calculates the Mean Squared Error between two time Series. The input is expected
1821: This function returns the maximum element in an array. It uses recursion to find it, but is
1822: Clean the input string by replacing tabs and multiple spaces with single space, then remove leading/trailing
1823: Calculates the body weight of an individual based on their height and gender .   Inputs : He
1824: Returns the uniform moments of two numbers. The moment is calculated as their average and variance respectively .
1825: Create an API URL.  This function takes in the server's domain name and returns its version
1826: Normalizes the given 'Reading' between ‘min’ and maximum values. The formula used is
1827: A learning rate schedular that decreases the LR by factor of .1 at every tenthous
1828: Convert input into an integer or floating point number. If the conversion fails then it returns as strings .
1829: A function that deletes all occurrences of an element in list.  It uses recursion
1830: A function to retrieve the value associated with given key from pair list. If no match found returns an
1831: Convert the given 'basic' labels to their corresponding bio format in NER model output .  This
1832: Set the bit at position 'K' in an integer value. 0 <= K < WORD
1833: This function checks whether the given input 'is an unsigned integer'.  It returns true when it'
1834: This function calculates the height of an object on top or bottom side when it hits another.
1835: Returns the message to be displayed when an invalid CEPs are detected in input data."   .strip
1836: This function converts the input string to all uppercase letters using Python's builtin .upper
1837: This function checks whether the given string contains any of GL, MT , hs and M as part
1838: This function calculates the number of iterations needed to complete one epoch. It takes two parameters - total
1839: This function takes an input list and returns the same elements but with order preserved. It uses recursion
1840: 返回两个列表的共同元素。如果一个集合与另一个不同，则不
1841: Given two nodes in the graph and their relations. Constructs path from one node to another using recurs
1842: Convert the input into an integer or floating point number within specified limits – only when it’s
1843: Returns the indentation level of an input string. If it's empty, returns zero;
1844: Returns True if the string 'Java' is present as either part of another word, such that it
1845: Check whether the given name starts with an underscore (_), ends in another underline bar (\_)
1846: Generates URL path format.  e..g., /1/resourceName/.getMethod
1847: Flips the first and last of an inputted string, or returns original when there is only one
1848: Calculates the partial mass transfer rate of an electron in atomic units using Planck's constant and
1849: Create an HTML table header row from the given list of column names .  This function takes as input
1850: This function returns the quantization factor of an input number 'Z'. If Z is zero, it
1851: This function formats the Maven jar name by replacing dots and hyphens with underscores in given
1852: A function that returns the intersection of ‘two lists’. The input is an array and another
1853: Adds the given Serial to list of displayed items.  If no argument is provided, it defaults
1854: Check if the parameter name ends with '_NAME'.  If it does, then check that its value
1855: A binary search algorithm implementation. It takes an sorted list and the element to be searched as input parameters
1856: This function takes in the first element of an array and returns it as its order number, which is
1857: This function takes as input an array of characters and returns the reversed local alignment score matrix, which
1858: Checks whether the given position in one of two regions overlaps with another.  The first parameter
1859: Check if the given 'period' ends with an increment of one. If so returns True else False
1860: Defines an add function.  Arguments are added together .   Example usage :my\_sum
1861: Returns the integer value of whether number is positive, negative or zero.   [Solution] Code
1862: Split an RGB value into its individual components. The result is returned as list of three integers in
1863: A function to calculate the value of an "ackerman" number. The formula is defined as follows
1864: Check whether the input text can be converted to an integer.  If so returns true; otherwise false
1865: A function that removes duplicates from an input list. It uses recursion to solve the problem by
1866: A function that returns the input value, or zero. If it's negative but not too small
1867: A recursive function to calculate the nth Fibo number. The base cases are defined as
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes.  The intersection is calculated as area
1869: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as it would have produced by running that
1870: If there are only two parameters provided then it will generate tags using either of them or both depending
1871: Filter paths based on the first element of each pair.  If there are no common elements between two
1872: Get hosts info from the response object and returns it as list of tuples with hostname key
1873: Calculates the Lennard Jones potential energy of an atom or molecule with given distance and
1874: Clean the mentions in text by replacing them with their unicode replacement character, which is invisible space on
1875: Convert the given string to an integer. If it's 'ignored', convert into int type
1876: Checks whether the given node entry represents an skipped or uninteresting tuple.  Returns true
1877: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagor
1878: Split the text into parts of equal length. If there are not enough characters to make an entire
1879: Calculates the beta variance of two numbers.  The formula is used to calculate an estimate based on
1880: Return the color of positive interaction.   . """     ## Code goes here... } elif
1881: Convert bounding box coordinates from model to center form .   Inputs : Bounding Box in format
1882: Convert list of strings to one string.  This is useful when you want the output from your function
1883: This function returns the index of an element in list. If it is found then its position will be
1884: This function checks whether the number of runs in an experiment is less than or equal to specified minimum run
1885: Count the number of '1', '.','|' and '#'-separated digtis that are
1886: Parses the mask from an input string.  Returns only part of it, after 'Mask
1887: A function that returns the string with all non alphabetic characters removed from input strings .
1888: A function that tries to apply each pattern in the given list of functions on text. If any one
1889: Add two coordinates. If the sum is valid then returns it as list of integers otherwise false .
1890: Convert degree minute and second to decimal format using helper function .   Inputs : Degree , Min
1891: This function checks if the given input 'Year' parameter, whether it’s leap Year. A
1892: Convert the earned point to reward. If no more earns then give negative rewards and when earnings is
1893: A recursive function to calculate the power of number. It uses binary logarithm method in order not
1894: This function calculates the number of correct and total predictions made by comparing two lists.  It returns
1895: This function checks whether or not an input number is within range of possible digist in given dictionary.
1896: Compute the R parameter of an epidemic model.  The function takes as input three parameters :
1897: This function returns the positions of all occurrences ('n') within an input DNA/RNA
1898: Returns the vector of values that represent an initial condition in one dimension to be used by other functions or
1899: A recursion based function to calculate the NTH FIBONACCI number. It uses mem
1900: Extracts the title of an article from Wikipedia' page object, replacing spaces with underscores
1901: This function calculates the arithmetic mean of an array.  It takes as input one list,
1902: Returns the target coverage when there are more than five uncovered lines in total or less then half of
1903: Checks whether the given string starts with an underscore.  If so, it checks further to
1904: Convert the given percentage value to decimal format using Python's built in replace function and division operator .
1905: Check whether an expression can be considered nonnegative.  If it's either zero/positive integer
1906: Returns the login of an object's owner or 'Ghost', when no one has set it
1907: A function to receive data from the socket and convert it into string format using ASCII values of characters
1908: Returns an object with the same keys as input, but values are lists of learning rates.  This
1909: A function to calculate the Factorial of an input integer. It uses recursion and is optimized with
1910: Convert Fahrenheit temperature into CELSIUS using the formula of conversion from faren
1911: Defines function to check whether the inputted value can be converted into numerics .  If it
1912: Compute the Symmetric Differences of two lists.  Code is written to handle empty list inputs
1913: This function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers. The result is another list with each element
1914: Returns True when the given longitude is within New World coordinates.  The function checks whether or not
1915: Generates environment dependency metadata.  This function takes an element and returns the corresponding dependencies in dictionary format
1916: This function calculates the derivative of dy/dx at point 4. The points are given as
1917: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI series iteratively. The input is an integer '
1918: This function returns the difference between two lists. It does so by checking each element of first input against
1919: Convert Hexadecimal to Decimals.   Inputs are the values in hexa
1920: This function calculates the output size of deconvolutional layer. It takes input and kernel sizes
1921: Remove the last three characters from string, which are usually '/.' and '_R', respectively indicating
1922: Convert millisecond timestamp to seconds.   Input format is ms, output type will be s . e
1923: Calculates the resistive force on an object given its mass and length.  The formula is row
1924: Filter the dataframe by keys and their corresponding value.  The function will recursively call itself until
1925: A function to generate hints based on the keys in short cuts.  It uses recursion and list
1926: This function calculates the smooth curve at time 'x' using parameterized cubic spline interpolation
1927: Calculates the average length of all strings present within given list/array 'Data'. If no elements
1928: Swap the first and last characters of each word in given string.  For example, "hello
1929: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1930: Redirection of the current request to another URL.  If no redirections are needed then returns
1931: Generates new generation of individuals based on the replacement method.  The function takes in random number generator
1932: This function checks whether the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking
1933: Returns the closest FIBONACCI number to given input.  If two numbers are equally close
1934: Defines the function to calculate value of sixth hump camels. The equation is used in calculating
1935: Calculates the linear interpolation between two values based on their counts and sizes in an array of numbers
1936: Remove the given 'prefixed' from start of input strings  .   Inputs : A String
1937: Conductitivity to tan delta conversion function – converts the given frequency and material properties into an
1938: A function to count the number of set bits in an integer. It uses bitwise operations and recurs
1939: Implement quicksorted version of radixed 3 way partition. Code: .
1940: Returns the lam parameter based on input type of membranes, defaulting to value = 1 in
1941: Check whether the input is an empty list. If it's true, returns 'True'. Otherwise
1942: This function creates nested lists of forms. It recursively goes through the inputted repeated structure and generates
1943: Defines the function to add two numbers.  It takes in an array of length one and returns
1944: Generates an outline of the best possible poker hands. The input is two lists - one with
1945: Checks whether the input string can be converted to an integer and then checks that it matches with original
1946: Encodes the string s by cyclically shifting each group of three characters. If necessary it will also
1947: Returns the number of channels used by lenses based on their configuration string inputted into function .
1948: Returns the digit's sums of all numbers from 1 to n. For example, if you
1949: Remove dollar sign from string, and convert to integer or keep as is in case of empty input
1950: Determine overall quality status of the given JSON object.  If all tests pass, return 'pass
1951: Split the name of an object into its main component and whether it is part or not in any
1952: This function checks whether the given year is Leap Year or not. It does so by checking four
1953: This function takes in four parameters and returns the corrected coordinates of an axis aligned bounding rectangle. It
1954: Returns True if the last four hexadecimals of 'input' are all equal to "
1955: Convert Peca ID into link format  .   Example usage :to\_pecahan id=
1956: Checks whether two trees are the same by comparing their paths/names & types of nodes in them
1957: This function takes in list of verbs and returns the joined string. If there is only one word,
1958: Generates the list of numbers from 'Start' to ‘Stop’. If Start is less
1959: Computes the scalar product of two lists.  The result is an integer that represents how much one
1960: A function that calculates the value of an unknown variable based on three other variables and one constant term
1961: Adds the model assignment statement to an existing ML script.  If it'll be used again
1962: Parses an input string that may contain commons and converts it to integer or floating point
1963: Check whether any element of the first list is present within another.  If so returns true otherwise false
1964: Parses issue from the given list of strings, returns them as separate elements or single string with
1965: Calculates the size of an array or list.  It keeps track and adjusts padding to ensure
1966: Computes the product of two numbers raised to powers and then normalizes by their sum.  The
1967: Convert knots to miles per hour by multiplying with conversion factor of .63970
1968: A function that takes an input sequence and returns the same list with unique elements. It uses dictionary to
1969: This function converts the input string to Blue color.  It is used in console output where colors
1970: Generates all possible combinations of numbers from ‘n’ to 'm' with the given step
1971: Returns the directory name of GAMESP UK.  This function is used to determine which specific program
1972: Returns the name of an instrument based on its type or identifier, converting to uppercase first letter and
1973: Counts the number of items larger than given coordinate.  Code is used to count how many elements
1974: This function sorts the population list. It counts '.' as one unit of size and ignores all
1975: Convert the given percentage value into its equivalent green energy levels.   Code snippet used in testing
1976: Clean the input string by removing non ASCII characters  Code Explanation : This function cleans an
1977: Smooth transition between two values using cubic easing function .   Code snippet to be used
1978: Returns the string representation of an integer inputted by user. 0 is mapped to 'okay
1979: A function to find the largest prime number less than or equal ‘N’. It uses recurs
1980: Returns the host name from an FQDN by splitting and reverse order of domain parts, or
1981: Returns the clipped value of 'a' or ‘b’ depending on whether it is greater
1982: Sorts an array of lists by the first element in each sublist.  If there are more
1983: A function to convert memory size into human friendly format. It uses recursion and the idea of div
1984: Defines function to generate hello message. This is used in the main program where it
1985: Extracts the specified column from an input list.  If it is not possible to get that
1986: Calculates the value of 10 to power n.   [Example usage] : print("
1987: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
1988: Checks whether the input is zero or one of specific integers. If it's neither then returns
1989: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1990: This function pads the given string with leading zeroes. It uses recursion to achieve that by adding
1991: Unpacks the message from "Updates PIN".  Returns True and false when no matching
1992: Sorts an inputted integer number in ascending order and then pairs the numbers that are odd or
1993: This function takes two coordinates as input and returns the expanded version of them. If they are equal it
1994: Checks whether the given card set has at least two consecutive pairs.  Returns true or false accordingly
1995: Check if the given item has any calls to LUA functions.  This is done by checking whether
1996: A function to perform an integer or float value's "floor" operation. If the input is
1997: Calculates the exposure time of an integration.  Inputs are number integratiosn per second
1998: Convert string s into signature.  The result is always the same, but it'll be used
1999: Convert an integer to bytes. The result is the byte representation of 'index' in hexadec
2000: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit function definition and usage example .   Code snip
2001: A recursive function to find the minimum value in an iterable.  It uses Python's
2002: Parses Manufacturer Data HEX string into serial number. If not provided, returns 'unknown
2003: Check whether the input can be converted to an integer or floating point number; If so convert it into
2004: This function returns the maximum degree of any element within an inputted array.  It does so by
2005: Returns the learning rate at each step of an exponential decay.  The function is used to adjust Learning
2006: Convert Windows style line endings to Unix format, ie replace all "\n" with "
2007: Calculates the percentage of screen space that an element should take up. This is used to calculate how
2008: Replace multiple occurances of sub string in the given input with another one .  If no more
2009: This function takes two lists of numbers or strings and returns the first list where each number/string has
2010: Normalizes the given number of inputted time in terms and returns it as an array with day/
2011: Returns true when the first element of list is 'X' and all subsequent elements are either empty or
2012: Replaces tokens {imagesFolder},  and   , with the given image's name in path
2013: Convert an integer to its equivalent in the specified number of bits. The result is returned with '0
2014: Calculates the number of intervals in an Lorenzian Sine Wave Interval, given
2015: Calculates the Manhattan distance between two points.  The function takes as input an array of length
2016: This function takes as input an array of compiler flags and returns the equivalent yaml configuration string. It
2017: Convert the first letter of each word to uppercase and remaining letters are converted into lower case –
2018: Convert the last three characters of an inputted number to integer. If less than 4 digits
2019: Retrieves value from JSON dictionary based on the provided parameters. If no specific 'Group' or
2020: A function to compute the SoftMax of x, which is an activation value between [a_i
2021: Returns the smallest and largest x & y coordinates of given polygon.  This is useful when you want
2022: Defines the function to greet someone by their names. If no argument is provided it defaults back on
2023: Convert the given input into an ordered sequence of elements. If it's already in form as per
2024: Returns the raw data from given range.  Code is used to filter out all entries that are not
2025: This function takes in an input string and returns the same text with duplicate entries removed by converting it to
2026: Clean the CSV file of empty strings.  Returns only nonempty entries in csv data set
2027: Returns whether the inputted value represents an active Game Week.  If not it raises and exception with
2028: Defines function to perform multiplication of two numbers. If both arguments are integers or floats it returns
2029: Convert string to integer. If not possible convert it into an Integer type using the default method of conversion
2030: A function to check whether the inputted integer 'is prime' by checking divisor from 3
2031: This function returns the intersection of two lists. It checks each element from both list and adds ‘
2032: Builds resiliency URL based on the protocol of given url and its parameters  Input Parameters
2033: A function to generate feature names.  The number of features is passed as an argument and the corresponding
2034: This function checks whether all values are within specified ranges and returns only those that fall into these given parameters
2035: Reverse the order of elements in an array or string with 'dot' as separator
2036: A function to limit the range of values.  It takes three arguments - min and max boundaries as
2037: Returns the input string with all occurrences of 'matches' replaced by an empty character ('
2038: Generates unique entities from the list of alert records. This function is used to deduplicate entries based
2039: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their sum.  Example usage is "plusExpression(-
2040: Set IRI definitions in Swashbuckle.Swiggers API documentation generator  Code sn
2041: Defines function to greet someone by their name.  Code is used in other modules as an example
2042: Returns the cell reference of an element in Excel.  For example, if i=10 then
2043: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  [vector operations].   .     .....
2044: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2045: Convert the given Resource to its default scope.  This is used when no specific scoping information has
2046: Convert TSV file to tabular format – split by tabs and rows, pad with empty strings
2047: Calculates the vapor pressure in Pascal.  Inputs are temperature and density of gases at
2048: Trims the tokens in an array to specified length. If there are more than 'max' number
2049: Normalizes the pixels of an RGB or grayscale input. The function takes as argument any type
2050: Fixes the URL formatting by adding http to missing scheme in case it's not present yet
2051: Returns True if the point with coordinates x and/or Y falls within radius R of an image.
2052: Returns True or False depending on whether the two input parameters are equal. If they're not identical
2053: Returns the value of an API URL configuration key, or raises exception when it're requested that is
2054: This function converts latin  to windows -   encoding. It uses recursion and stack data
2055: Returns the severities of given alerts.  If alert is 'info', returns as Info,
2056: This function takes in one list of strings and returns them combined into single string.  It uses the
2057: This function returns the length of text in tweet.  Code is used to get tweets' lengths
2058: A function that checks whether the input object has exactly 'n' elements. If not it raises an
2059: This function calculates the proportion of value within its given minimum and maximum values.  It's
2060: Create an HTML element with the given 'name' and content.  If no name is provided it
2061: A function to extract the folder name from file path.  It uses recursion and string manipulation
2062: Returns the recipient' s name and text of an incoming request. This function is used to
2063: Adds two lists of numbers. Each element in the result is obtained by adding corresponding elements from input
2064: Chunks the given list into chuncks of specified length. If input is longer than desired size
2065: Calculates the number of neighbouts an electron can have. If it's too far away,
2066: This function checks if the given string contains only symbols or digits using Python' builtin functions is
2067: Check the validity of namespace name.  Namespace names must be at least one character and less than
2068: This function calculates the maximum possible sum of nonadjacent elements in an array. The input is
2069: This function takes in an input string of format hhmmss and returns the same value but with
2070: Finds the closest integer greater than or equal to 'A' that is divisible by either of
2071: Returns the weight of an element in relation to its position within range. If not inside given ranges returns
2072: Multiply three points in  point cloud.   Points are represented as tuples of
2073: Normalizes the name by removing apostrophes and nonbreaking spaces from both ends of it, then
2074: Merge two sorted lists.  If one list is empty then the other will be returned as it
2075: Normalizes an eMail address to uppercase formatting  .   Code snippet : normal
2076: This function removes duplicate tweet ids from the input list. It uses recursion to traverse through
2077: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2078: Check if the given string represents an application zip. 1 line function that returns True when input matches
2079: Returns True if the number of electrons in z is sufficient to perform multiplication with another electron. Otherwise returns
2080: Defines an function to transform all lower case letters of the input string into their corresponding capitalized version
2081: Sorts the list of dict objects by 'Response' in descending order and returns only first N
2082: Function to detect signals in correlation response and subjective responses.  If both are empty strings then returns
2083: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Code is in python language."
2084: Remove duplicates and sort the given list.  The function will remove any duplicate elements from both ends
2085: Create function to generate reference name from id.  This is used in the context of Bibliographic
2086: A function that returns the feminine form of an input word. If no such forms exist in given
2087: A function to convert time in Second into readble format. For example, converts the number of
2088: Builds an URL to the experiment endpoint.  [...]   Code snippet that demonstrates how
2089: Checks whether the given 'Field Type' parameter corresponds to any of several types that can be selected
2090: Returns the hour part of datetime object.  Code is used to extract and format time from given dat
2091: Check whether the inputted value 'is an instance of' class List. If it isn’t
2092: A function to calculate the power and then apply module operation. It uses recursion with binary exponential algorithm
2093: Convert string to numerics. If the input can be converted into an integer or floating point number then
2094: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of division by ten. If no argument is
2095: Transposes the matrix.  For example, given an input of [[10 ,  3],
2096: Convert the given data into SQL tuple format.  The input is expected to be an array of strings
2097: Create an array of arrows based on the value. 1 is up, -3 down and zero
2098: Given the full path to an image file and its smoothing filter width in pixels; returns either '
2099: This function returns the path to save linear regression coefficients in csv format .  The result directory is
2100: Split the string into list of strings based on "return" keyword in python 3 .
2101: Returns list of all the county names that have deaths today.  If no such day exists returns an
2102: Returns the package of resource. If no "/" found, returns false or empty string respectively."
2103: Returns the browser url based on whether it's live cd or not.  [1 line]
2104: A recursive function to add two numbers in the form of their binaries.  It uses bit
2105: A recursive function to check whether one given subset of elements from two lists is present in the other
2106: Returns the color of strands based on whether they are reversed or not, with True being red
2107: Check the given list of numbers to see whether it ends with an even number. If so returns True
2108: Add MIN CSS STATISTICS to the URL.  If it'll be used as query string
2109: Checks whether two vectors are the same length and contain identical elements.  If they do not have
2110: Returns True if the given position is outside of bounds.  Otherwise returns False .   Inputs :
2111: A function that handles packets.  It prints the number of each received and processed by printing it out
2112: Create an SQL URL.  This function will create the url to connect with postgres db using provided parameters
2113: Converts rates from one unit to another based on conventions provided by the user .   Input
2114: Returns the title of an article.  [...]   Code snippet to test it out with
2115: Tokenizes the input string by replacing dots with nothing and splitting it into individual tokens based on spaces
2116: Returns the first character of input as uppercase letter, or returns original nonempty strings unchanged .
2117: A simple implementation of DJB's two functions. It uses the modulo operator to ensure that
2118: Calculates the critical radius of an atom.  Inputs are relative permeability and velocity at
2119: This function returns the value of 'satlin's' input. If it is less than '-
2120: Check the length of input strings. If they are too long it raises an exception else returns them as
2121: Compute the boundig box of given set point coordinates.  The function takes as input an array
2122: A recursive function to calculate the Fibo sequence. The base cases are defined as per usual
2123: Check whether the input is within range.  If not, returns false; otherwise true .   Code
2124: Convert an integer representing the number of days since Sunday to its corresponding name.  For example, convert
2125: This function takes two arguments and returns the result of multiplying or dividing them depending on which is
2126: This function checks whether the given file name or any of its extension is in an array provided as input
2127: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The helper method is used in main
2128: Convert an rgb tuple to string format.  Example usage :RGBToStr((63
2129: This function filters out the custom views from an array of API EndPoints.  It does so by
2130: Split the input date and time into separate components  Code is used to break down an ISO formatted
2131: This function returns the last part of given string after splitting it by '.' character .  It is
2132: This function checks if the given URL is handled by AWS STS service or not .  Returns True
2133: Remove the first occurrence of 'pattern' from each string. If not found then do nothing and just
2134: Create an iterable of tuples from the input string. Each tuple contains one character and its
2135: This function reverses the string.  It uses recursion to achieve that by concatenating each character
2136: Interleaves two lists. If the second list is longer than first one it will add extra elements
2137: Implemented Binary Search on SORTED ARRAY. The function takes in two parameters;
2138: Returns the class mask of an IP address. The function returns one bit per octet in IPv6
2139: This function takes an URL as input and returns the last part of that string after splitting it by "/
2140: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2141: Returns the name of an union with types from given list.  The names are joined by '___
2142: Simplify the modulus product of two numbers.  The function takes three arguments - 'factor
2143: This function splits the input text into authors and geners using comma as separator, returning them
2144: Sorts the list of strings into integers.  The function takes in an array/vector and conver
2145: This function returns the key of dictionary that matches given inputted 'value'. If no match is found
2146: This function generates the index of an instance in terms on how it was perturbed. It takes three
2147: This function checks the radio software release. If an alternate version is available, it asks to guess which
2148: Resize the given 4D bounding boxes to fit within specified minimum size constraints. If they
2149: Looks up the Instance ID of an EC 1.x server with given HostName in
2150: Discards newline characters from the beginning of string.  Code is used to remove any leading whites
2151: This function calculates the DM of an electromagnetic field from its bandwidth and frequency at which it is
2152: A function that adds an integer to each corresponding pair of elements in two lists. If one input is
2153: Generates the path to an HT file in GnomAD' public requesters pays bucket
2154: A function to retrieve the nth element of list. If there is no such an item in given
2155: This function calculates the average of numbers in an input list. If no number is provided, it
2156: Returns the middle point of two points. The input is expected to be in form as list or tuple
2157: This function calculates the decay factor of an LR schedule based on steps taken in training process
2158: Filter out the endpoint objects that have CORE END POINT = yes.  Returns filtered result as
2159: Normalizes the module name by removing '.' or '-' at start of string, and also handles
2160: Sort latency keys in ascending order.  Code is used to organize the list of latencies into
2161: Returns the base name of path. If no slash found in string then returns original input . Otherwise
2162: This function calculates the temperature in Celsius from Fahrenheit. It's
2163: Returns true when the window size of an array or list element.  Otherwise returns false .   Input
2164: Encodes the given 'Action Type' into its corresponding Route Prefix using recursion and prefix matching
2165: This function takes in an input string of format hh::mm and returns the same output with minutes
2166: Parses the major version of an X.X implementation from its string representation, e..g
2167: This function returns the filename of training data.  The split id is used to append .JSON extension
2168: Parses boolean values from string inputs and converts them to Python's bool type or raises
2169: Returns the variable type of 'var' in python.  If not found, returns false .
2170: This function subtracts two vectors.  It takes in the same length of numbers and returns another
2171: Convert the given number of levels to power in scientific notation, i., e..g convert from decimal
2172: A function that adds the counts of two lists. The count is based on their indices in each list
2173: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is expected as 'int
2174: This function is used to tidying the robots. It tells all agents that they need help
2175: Compare two networks. If one network is empty and the other isn't then it returns true;
2176: This function calculates the centroiid of two points in geographical coordinates and returns it as
2177: Convert the given value from one length scale to another using conversion factors provided by International System of Units .
2178: Extracts time data from signal objects and returns it as curves on the form of dictionary lists with
2179: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
2180: Check whether the given string starts with an underscore.  If it does, returns True; otherwise
2181: Checks if the provided VLAN ID number valid. A Valid range of an IP address in
2182: Calculates Young' Modulii from given values of K and D .   [...]"
2183: A function to find the first matching birthday among all possible pairs. If no match is found it returns
2184: A recursive function to calculate the linear combination of two lists. The first element in each list is
2185: Convert two numbers to string.  Example usage : print("Name is " + str((10
2186: A recursive function to generate the string representation of list elements.  If an element is None it
2187: This function returns the inputted text with an ASCII colorized as blue.  For example,
2188: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2189: This function takes in string and removes all instances of "BUG!" from the inputted strings, but
2190: Find the last watched item in directory. If no items are found then returns zero indexed position of
2191: Returns True if there are any profiles on the given pluggable objects, False otherwise.  [
2192: Format the help string.   Inputs : target -> str , details => list of strings
2193: Returns True when the given package name matches with current one.  [...]   Levels of recurs
2194: Convert accented characters to their nonaccented equivalents using the Latin1 mapping of Unicode
2195: Extracts values from the given JSON array. If no value is found at any level of depth
2196: Calculates the Sensitivity Metric of two events based on their IDs in an online learning
2197: This function takes in the url of an individual post and returns only its subredit name after removing "
2198: Convert the input to float numbers in an array format using split function and map functions .  The output
2199: Remove duplicated rows from the datasets.  This function takes in one dataset and returns another with duplicate
2200: Convert the transcipt to uppercase and remove leading/trailing whitespace from each line of
2201: This function calculates the learning rate decay. It's used in cyclical training of deep neural
2202: Returns the result of subtracting 'r' times ‘m’ from each element in list.
2203: Convert an object to its textual representation.  If the input type can't be converted into
2204: Check whether the given proband's and pool of individuals have identical genotypes.  If
2205: Given an array of integers representing the weight capacities and another integer n. Return whether it is possible
2206: Returns the block number of each layer based on inputted resolution and depth .   Input -> Output
2207: Returns the next possible locations from current location. This function is used to find all valid moves that can
2208: Generates default names of variables.  n is the number variable to be generated, it starts from
2209: Returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  For example, returns 'NA' or EU depending on
2210: Create an HTML img tag with alt text and URL.  Example usage -> print("<p
2211: Convert underscores to star symbols in the given string of characters  Code snippet used as
2212: Check whether the first DNA sequence longer than second.  Returns boolean value indicating result of comparison .
2213: Returns the percentage of value within range [minimum..maxima] as float. If all values
2214: A function to reverse the string.  It uses recursion and concatenation in Python language, which
2215: Enumerates through the list of medical images.  Returns an enumerated version with each image having
2216: Convert the coordinates of an object bounding box from absolute pixel values to tensorflow's tf
2217: Converts ages from one system of measurement into another using the conversion factors provided by ICRU
2218: A function that calculates the total of squares in an input list. The elements are squashed together
2219: Returns the wait interval in seconds based on number of retires. The first try is immediate, subsequent
2220: Print the time taken to execute function in milli seconds.   Input parameters are two timestamps
2221: Returns the amount of experience needed to reach next leve in game, based on player's cur
2222: Returns the name of checkpoints at given 'e'th iteration.  Code snippet to
2223: This function finds the index of minimum value in an outer array. It uses recursion to find it
2224: This function sets the bit at given position in an integer.  It is equivalent to OR operation with
2225: Returns whether the given character represents an integer that's not zero. If it does, returns True
2226: Flatens the input sequence. If an element in sequential data structure isn't another array or
2227: Returns the view scope of dicoms in DICOM dictionary. The returned list is always fixed to
2228: Calculates the geometric center of given set or list.  The result is returned as three elements tuple
2229: A function that checks whether every element in the list is equal. If so, returns true; otherwise
2230: Convert string values into numbers. If the value can be converted directly as an integer or floating point then
2231: This function checks whether an input string is present as key or reference. If it's already there
2232: Calculates the 6th component of scores based on input parameters and returns it as output .
2233: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2234: Returns the indent of given string in python language .  It is used to get leading whitespace
2235: This function checks if the input text can be converted to an integer or floating point number.  If
2236: A function to check whether the input number 'is prime' .   Inputs : Number , Output
2237: Extracts the last name from given Full Name.  Code is written in Python language and uses
2238: Checks the validity and correctness in terms on ports.  If either port is out or too
2239: Create an URI string to connect with the PostgreSQL database.  The function takes in user name , pass
2240: This function checks whether the given column name exists in default parameter settings. If it does exist then returns
2241: Check if the issue has theme tags.  Returns True or False based on whether it contains one of
2242: Convert list of tuples to dictionary.  This function takes the output from an SQL query and
2243: Normalizes the package name by replacing underscores with dashes and converting to all lowecase
2244: Checks if the second number is evenly divided by first.  Returns True or False accordingly .
2245: Convert time in seconds into milliseconds.   [Examples] t = 3 returns :4
2246: This function checks whether the input string contains any duplicate characters or not, returning true only when there are
2247: Expand the value of an object to its full form. If it's false then expand into
2248: A function to eliminate duplicates from an input sequence. It uses recursion and sets tracking the elements
2249: Clip the input to be within specified range.  If outside of bounds it returns either end point
2250: Creates an array of bytes from the given range. The byte values are in hexadecimal
2251: Create names based on the number of stars and spectra.  The format is defined by ''./
2252: Returns the given SHA hash in lowercase or not at all depending on its type and whether it
2253: A function that generates an array of numbers in reverse order. The length is given as input to the
2254: This function matches two lists by comparing each item in the same position. If they are equal it returns
2255: This function returns the Alexandria Top Sitelist API URL with specified count and starting index
2256: Mix two arrays by multiplying each element of the second array with its corresponding one in first and then
2257: Calculates the area of an equilateral triangle. The formula is used to calculate it from its
2258: Generates all possible pairs of nodes that can be reached from two given vertices by traversing exactly
2259: This function checks whether the given input is an actual, valid Leap Year or not. A normal
2260: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.  Input is an integer list of length three representing the
2261: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of applying HPerm operation to it. The
2262: A function to generate the URL of UTM timeline page based on year and course sessions .
2263: This function converts the input string to lowercase and splits it into individual characters, then returns
2264: Code to convert the grade into its corresponding definition in terms of percentage points and vice versaCreates
2265: Convert list of annotation tuples to an array where each element corresponds with the second item from its
2266: Returns the elements of `second` list that are NOT present as an element on first ‘left
2267: This function calculates the number of ways to choose items from given list such that their total value is
2268: This function takes in list of keywords and returns them joined by an 'OR' operator.  It
2269: Computes the inverse of an inputted Quadratic Form.  Input is expected to be
2270: This function pads the sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length.  It returns padded version
2271: Encode special characters to HTML entities using Python function .  This is useful when you want your web
2272: Adds the given 'amount' to each of red green and blue components. Returns new RGB value
2273: Returns the value of bit at position 'k' in byte. If it is set to zero otherwise
2274: A function that checks the relationship between three variables. If one variable is greater than another then it returns
2275: Generates an equation of the form y=mx+b modulo ‘n’ . This
2276: Returns the median of longitude and latency.  Code is used to calculate medians based on given
2277: Reads the point from input file.  The first element is an integer and represents number of points
2278: Returns the string 'c' followed by inputted strings with underscores replaced ​​with spaces
2279: Check the format of 1D or multi dimensional array. If it's less than three elements
2280: Adds two points.  Input is list of tuples representing the coordinates in Cartesian space
2281: If the URL ends with "/", append it. Otherwise, add one at end of string .
2282: This function returns the windows that are part of another process. It uses recursion to find all other
2283: A recursive function to calculate the largest power of two less than or equal input number. If no
2284: Extract energy units from the given input strings, e.. g., 'Wm²' to
2285: This function returns the list of tuples that represent x and 4 times its value plus one
2286: A function that calculates the maximum decrease in parts between two sets of hobby objects.  The
2287: Get the path of an image resource in media resources.  This function is used to fetch images from
2288: Convert the given timestamp in ms to minutes, seconds and microseconds. The result is returned as string
2289: Returns only the instances with id ' cloud - object storage '.  [...]   . filter out any
2290: Convert the given number to percentages.  If range is zero then returns NAs .   Input
2291: This function calculates the curve of films based on their ratings and returns them as percentages  .
2292: This function calculates the decay rate of an IRB to Gate error. It takes as input two
2293: Defines the parameter in Coq.  Parameter name and its data types are passed as arguments
2294: Calculates the percentage of CPU time used by processes.   Inputs are user and system times in
2295: Convert the given 'Confident Value' into its equivalent zero based index.  For example, Conf
2296: Calculates the value of Q in equation A = B + C . D , where each term is
2297: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same list but with all empty string elements
2298: A recursive function that repeats the string 'b' by repeating it n times. The result
2299: Normalizes the covariance type.  If 'coverage' is given, it will convert to one
2300: Builds contollers from the given list of definitions.  The first definition is used as base
2301: Returns the weight of swimmer based on their age in kg . The function returns maximum value between zero
2302: Remove brackets from the given string and replace double quotes with nothing, then remove any remaining white spaces
2303: Clean the input string by removing leading dots in case it starts with one .  Inputs are strings
2304: This function calculates the average of numbers in numList.  It uses Python's builtin
2305: Returns whether the input is zero.  Code snippet to be used in other parts of your
2306: A function to calculate the score of matching two strings. The scoring system is based on whether each character
2307: Encode the input number as Gamma encoded value .  This is done by raising to power of
2308: Build an SQL insert statement.  The table name and field names are provided as arguments to the function
2309: Create and manage user agents in python 3 .   Code snippet to create an instance of
2310: Replace complex parameters with simpler ones, replace underscores and dots in the string representation of numbers
2311: Convert the value of an integer to its equivalent in terms as many slots/indexes are needed.
2312: Returns the weight of an object in its container's sort order based on it being viewed by user
2313: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The first two numbers in series are always
2314: This function returns the project details in dictionary form.  The input parameters are all required and have specific
2315: Calculates the fraction of how much part is visible in one direction.  For example if you have
2316: Processes GLSL shader templates. This function takes in two parameters; the first is an Open
2317: Check whether values in tensors are equal or larger than their corresponding sizes. If they aren't
2318: This function returns the packed representation of residue name and number. It is used to create unique
2319: Rename the given 'Element' with its corresponding Charge.  If it is zero then returns
2320: This function clips the intersection of two rectangular regions. It returns false and an empty list when
2321: Find the peak to trough point in an array.  The function returns maximum value between minimum of
2322: This function returns the smallest element in list of dimensions.  It sorts first by dimension and then takes
2323: Convert JACCARD similarity to DICE coefficient.  Code is used in calculating the dice co
2324: Merge the elements of an array into one string.  This is useful when you want to convert
2325: Calculates the heat flux in W/M^² given an initial temperature difference and density of water
2326: Calculates the probability of two independent samples from different populations.  The result is an average value between
2327: Check if two points in 3D space have an adjacent position. The function returns True when the
2328: Function to calculate the total weights of different types views.   Type/Views : car, truck
2329: This function calculates the bandwidth of an ERB signal in dB/Hz based on frequency response curve
2330: This function calculates the amount of tokens to be transferred from account 'a' in order that it
2331: Convert the input angle from radians to degrees, then convert it into tangent of sine using trig
2332: Finds the first file from list that contains given string. If no such files exist then returns none
2333: This function checks whether the input is 'y'es, returns true. If not it will check
2334: Rearrange the elements of each list within 'volume' to form one single, sorted array.
2335: Returns the href attribute of an object based on its class name in camel case formatting, e
2336: A function to find the highest and lowest peaks in an array of numbers. The input is expected as
2337: Convert an object into its equivalent Python List.  If the input isn't already in form of
2338: A recursive function to solve the KnapSACK problem. It takes in an integer 'items
2339: Returns the value of 'paramter' in config dictionary with fallback to "DEFAULT"  .
2340: This function returns the value of 'X' but it will always be between min and max values.
2341: Convert an array of strings to float numbers.  If the string cannot be converted into number then it
2342: A function that generates the list of gifts given by an inputted amount.  The first item is
2343: A function that calculates the products of all other elements in an array. The input is two functions
2344: Convert configuration data from DFTTK format to ESPeI's internal representation of the same
2345: Convert string to float.  Code is used in the function of converting strings into floats before performing
2346: Checks whether the given directories contain all necessary files.  If they do then returns true otherwise false
2347: Check whether the input string sa\_ids no. has exactly 16 digits long and starts
2348: Check whether the string from index 'start' to end of line has digits in ascending order
2349: Checks if the inputted variable/argument can be considered as an integer scalar or not .
2350: Returns True if the given name is an export identifier.  Otherwise, returns False .   [Source
2351: Calculates the length of RSA key in bits.   Inputs : Number representing bit size .
2352: Normalises service names to lowercase and removes special characters, spaces etc..  Inputs are the
2353: Returns the hour rate of work.   Inputs are number hours worked and minutes spent in cycles .
2354: Generates an array of numbers from start to end with the given increment.  For example if you
2355: This function takes in an input string and returns the list of keyword value pairs from it using comma as
2356: This function performs integer division on two numbers using the floor method of Python's built in Math library
2357: This function converts all non string characters in the input message to question marks and then reverses it
2358: Convert Julian day to Modified julien date  .   [1] JD =Jul
2359: This function calculates the number of times that one can get an integer from A to reach or exceed
2360: Return the name of an Image object or string that is used to identify it in storage systems, such
2361: Create an object that maps the string representation of log levels to their corresponding integer values. This is used
2362: Scales the input 'factor' times. This function is used to scale an array of
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers.  Returns minimum of both values divided by maximum value from
2364: Find the product of three numbers that add up to ‘two hundred twenty’. If no such
2365: A function to filter out non alphanumeric characters and replace them with underscores, then
2366: Convert string to format.  If input type not supported then convert it into python expression using `eval
2367: Convert the input string to centimeters based on feet and inch conversion rules .   Inputs :
2368: Returns the name of given number as an integer.  For example 'month' will be returned by
2369: Calculates the mean of two numbers.   [Code:]def m_mean(): .     :
2370: Calculates the repetition time in seconds based on width and height of an object or screen size .
2371: Flatens the inputted lists. If an element of `input` array/lists are also arrays
2372: Maps the attributes of an object to their reverses order and returns them as dictionary .   Input
2373: This function takes in two parameters - word and an integer. If the given 'integer' is less
2374: Check if all elements in the 'Expected' list are present within ‘Collect’ . If yes
2375: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The input is the number, and it returns
2376: Checks if two domains have the same top level.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Dom
2377: Returns the size of each list within an inputted array.  For example if you have lists =
2378: Lookup module function to convert symbol or string into another form based on the input type – either
2379: A function to compute the integer square root of an input number. It uses binary search algorithm with success
2380: Checks whether all characters of the input string are unique.  If so, returns true; otherwise
2381: Send the specified text to receiver with sender' name.  If failed then retry after some time
2382: This function calculates the are of triangle given its base and heigth.   [1pt
2383: Returns the last four years of given date range. Code is used to extract year from list or string
2384: Check if the given object can be considered as scalar in Python programming language .  This function checks whether
2385: Convert the given filename into an id by removing .jpeg extension from it, or leave as is
2386: A function to search an element in the vector. If found returns its index otherwise it will be returned
2387: Convert degree to gradian. Code snippet that converts the given value from Degrees into
2388: This function returns only the data from 'myData' dictionary that are of type int or float and
2389: Convert an integer IP address to its binary representation. The function takes in the input as IPv four bytes
2390: Convert routes to paths using the format {component}.  For example {"foo"} becomes foo . The
2391: This function returns the separators used in CSV files.  It takes as input one of four
2392: Create an URL from the given file system paths, using HelioN's base domain and removing
2393: Calculates the percentage of predictions that were accurate. If no prediction is made then it returns false as
2394: A recursive function that finds all occurrences of sublists in one list. It checks each
2395: Convert family id to HOID.  The output is prefixed with the string"HOD
2396: Check if the input object 'is an arbore' or not .  True/False based
2397: This function checks whether the hand is in order. It does so by checking each pair of consecutive playing
2398: Returns whether or not the temperature is within range of given percentage and absolute value – based on provided
2399: Returns linear interpolation of the value at position 'pos' between two points.  If pos is
2400: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2401: 检查两个文档的精确匹配。如果它们具有相同的大小和位置，
2402: This function filters out empty values from the given dictionary object by removing keys with no associated value or any
2403: This function calculates the daily intakes of calories based on BMR and an inputted level indicating
2404: Raises an exception when the argument is 41. Returns unchanged value otherwise, returns inputted
2405: Join the given identifier with an optional prefixes of namespaces.  If no Namespace is provided
2406: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with .css extension removed from it,
2407: This function partitions the input list into 'V' parts. Each part is an index of elements within
2408: Returns the list of files that are left after moving some.  If no file is specified to move
2409: Check whether the tree or sublist of nodes in an arbitrary binary search trees are balances. The
2410: Finds the peak in an array. If there is only one element, it returns that single value
2411: Creates hash value from sub string. The function creates the hashing algorithm by multiplying each character
2412: Transform the input vector 'U' using linear transformation matrix.  The output is transformed according to
2413: Get the first type from an array of schema properties. If it's null or not present then
2414: Create line equation.  Inputs are slope and y intercept of the straight segment .   Output
2415: Count the number of ways to make change. Code is using dynamic programming approach with memoization technique
2416: Returns the same word repeated as many times like its own.  For example, if you call `
2417: Remove duplicate non disjoint tuple spanned in the given input.  If there are multiple overlapping ranges
2418: Returns the appropriate form of word based on whether it is 0/negative one. If its positive
2419: Defines function to check if string or list of strings are blank, ignoring any whitespace characters
2420: Update dictionary 'b' values into the same place as keys of another dictonary ‘’
2421: Returns the last element of list with priority.  If there is no such an item in array then
2422: Create function to join two cards.  Inputs are the first and second card in string format e
2423: Returns the type of edit required to convert one string into another using only lowercase letters and no other
2424: This function checks if the given value is either an object that can be called as method like `func
2425: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2426: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization technique in order not recompute
2427: Converts an Unsigned Integer to bytes. The number of the input is converted into binary
2428: Returns the normalized forms of an inputted method.  The first two elements are just copies from original
2429: Create subfolders based on the parameters provided.  If no parameter is given then it will create
2430: Get discard segments in the given counties of California.   Parameters are 'state' F
2431: A function that generates the first n FIBONACCI numbers as strings. The sequence starts with
2432: This function takes in an array of time intervals and returns the longest possible segment that can be made from
2433: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence at given positions. The first two numbers in
2434: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2435: Convert the input value from one range to another.  The conversion is linear and continuous but not exact
2436: Remove the specified file extension from end of string.  If no match found then returns original name as
2437: A function to check whether the binary representation of an integer number can be rearranged into its own
2438: This function breaks up the input string into individual word tokens using space as delimiter and returns them
2439: Adds sign to positive numbers.  For negative input, leaves the original value unchanged .   Input
2440: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit. Code is given in Python language and it conver
2441: Convert the given pumping time to milliliters.  [...]   Code is used in calculating
2442: This function trims leading and trailing spaces from the string 'str' .  It uses Python
2443: Calculates the speed in km/h of an object moving horizontally at constant velocity over
2444: This function filters observations based on their distances from the observer. If observation is too far away it returns
2445: This function returns the four elements of an input vector in reverse order.  It is used to get
2446: Flatens the list of dictionary objects into simple term.  If no input provided it returns an empty
2447: A recursive function to add two numbers. The base case is when the second number equals zero which
2448: Returns the given string as is, but replaces 'All Users', ‘Project Owner’
2449: Checks whether the inputted value 'Yes' or similar form of it in lower case format .
2450: Builds an affine transformation matrix. The parameters are the upper left x and y coordinates of your
2451: Returns the first letter of string 'input' or an empty character ('') when input is not provided
2452: Check whether the given object represents an SARIF report.  This function checks that it'll
2453: Returns whether the bit at given position in num is set. If true then it means that number has
2454: Calculates an acceptable value of 'start' or 'end'. If they are outbound it will
2455: Joins the list of verbs into one string.  The result is separated by spaces and all elements
2456: This function returns the URL of an NHL player's profile on statsAPI based off their id
2457: Create an Event Message. This function creates and returns the message to be sent in response of
2458: A function that duplicates the first element in an inputted array.  If no elements are present
2459: Fixes the big drum in tickects. Returns new version of 'hitsound
2460: Returns the name of an employee's supervisor. If no such information exists in database then returns
2461: Returns True if the given string represents an URL, False otherwise .  This function uses regular expressions to
2462: Returns the first occurrence of an element in list or string using binary search algorithm to find out its position
2463: Validates that the inputted argument 'options' or parameter "values", are of type List.
2464: This function returns the interpolation factor between two values based on time 'T'. If T is within
2465: This function splits the input string into separate strings based on an optional separator and then returns length
2466: Create or modify URLs from flairs text inputted by the user, based on whether they are
2467: Check whether the given object can be used as an operator function in Python, ie., it has
2468: This function calculates the coefficients of an equation that represents Bernstein polynomials. The input parameters are x
2469: This function calculates the Hubert distance between two sets of data points based on their MahaAl
2470: Returns the values of specified columns from each item.  Given list 'keys' with column names to
2471: Generates the URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs on BioConductors website
2472: A function to check whether all characters of the input string are distinct.  It uses recursion and
2473: Get the name of scheduler function.  This is used to create lambda functions with specific event
2474: This function returns the smallest value from an array.  Code is written to be efficient and readable
2475: Computes the CatMul–Rom spline interpolation at one point with four control points
2476: Processes the data from an emotion detection model and returns it as per required formatting – URL
2477: Parses the given list of results and returns them as comma separated string.  This function is
2478: This function checks the constraints of an object's speed when it is being driven by its angle.
2479: Defines the function to perform division.  It takes two arguments - 'dividend' and
2480: Convert bounding box coordinates to area.  The input is expected in the form of [x,
2481: Computes the F measure of two sets based on their respective precisions and recalls . If either
2482: This function prints the command line arguments. It does not do anything else and returns an exit status of
2483: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were removed from it
2484: Checks whether the given string has no content after being stripped of leading and trailing whitespace
2485: A function to check if the given input 'Year' parameter represents an actual leap Year. It checks
2486: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within the given number of decimal points.  For example is
2487: Convert hyphenated function names to underscore format in python files  Code snippet that conver
2488: Normalizes the starting index. If it's negative or greater than dimension size then returns zero otherwise
2489: A function to filter out certain types of ignored or unwanted .txt/.pyc/etc.
2490: A function that solves the problem by using the fast method. It takes two parameters and returns one
2491: Map HTTP status codes to their corresponding response messages. This function maps the given integer parameter 'HTTP Status
2492: This function returns the name of an entity based on its type.  It is used to map speakers
2493: Given an integer, returns the number of its constituent entities.  For example - given input is
2494: Encodes an integer into sequence of characters using the given symbol set.  If input as string then
2495: Check if the given string represents an HTTP URL or not using regular expression matching .  Returns True when
2496: A function to check whether the input can be converted into an integer/float number type in Python
2497: Check whether the inputted value can be considered as an audio channel.  This function will check that
2498: A function that calculates the distance between two points on TaxiCAB grid. The distances are
2499: Calculates the percent of assembly length.  Code is used to calculate and display how much one part
2500: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as its argument but with all non digit characters
2501: Returns the transformed value of input 'U' by applying some transformation to it, which is then scaled
2502: Returns the same output as input but with all scores less than  10 are rounded down to nearest
2503: Compare two lists of data points and check whether they are identical or not – one list is the
2504: Returns the resized image size.  Input is original and output will be smaller than or equal to
2505: A recursive function to get the first element of an argument list.  It returns empty array when
2506: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by sixteen. It
2507: Remove namespace from string.  If the first character of input is "{" then remove it and returns
2508: This function checks if the given input 'Year' parameter, whether it’s leap Year. It
2509: Convert the given binary file's symbolic representation to its human readable form.  For example,
2510: Check whether the given list of files are all track or none.  Returns true when there's
2511: A function that returns the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses an iteration method to find
2512: Search an element in the given sorted Matrix. If found then returns true otherwise false . The input is
2513: Implementa una función que realiza la operación de restar dos n�meros bin
2514: Calculates the temperature and pressure at given depths in meters above sea level using an approximation of Earth'
2515: Filter values based on the presence of certain domains.  If input string contains specific substring or starts
2516: Create an n x 1 grid. Each cell is empty initially, but can be filled with any
2517: Count the number of descending prime sequences that can be formed from given pruned sequence and length
2518: This function takes in an input tuple and returns the same output as if it was passed to its own
2519: Create list from string with no spaces, ignoring quotes and commas within the strings – e
2520: A function to calculate the number of ways in which you can flip two coins. The total sum is
2521: This function takes three parameters and returns the date in ISO 8601 format. For example
2522: Remove leading zeros from string.  If the first character is zero, it removes all of its
2523: Append zero to the left of numbers less than 9. For example, input is '3
2524: Checks whether the string x starts with any of its characters in list/array 'list' or
2525: A recursive function to generate the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when '
2526: Normalizes the slot names to lower case and removes spaces between them when they exist within strings of text
2527: This function takes as input an array of strings, removes the parentheses break from each string within
2528: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2529: This function calculates the amount of money an investor would receive after receiving one month's mortgage
2530: A function to generate the first n numbers in FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an
2531: This function converts inches to millimeters using the conversion factor of .03187
2532: Returns the brightness of an RGB color. The formula used is simple and assumes that all colors are equally
2533: Retrieves the task id from message using either header or payload data .  If no such information
2534: A recursive function that calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It returns zero when given
2535: Convert string to ASCII values.  Code is used as an example of how one can convert strings
2536: Adds an element to the list only when it' not already present.  Returns original or modified
2537: Compute the deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit and generate an output based on whether or
2538: Check whether the given workspace id is present within list of names.  Returns true or false accordingly
2539: Remove duplicated elements from the list.  This function uses recursion to find and delete duplicate entries
2540: A function to perform right rotation on an integer.  The number of bits shifted is determined by the
2541: Returns list with territories in the U.S., their ISO 3164 codes,
2542: Returns the concatenation of all strings in an array.  The function appends each element to another
2543: This function pads the given 'margined' list with specified margin values.  It returns new
2544: Sorts the given list of locations by their latitude.  This is done using Python's
2545: Computes the depth of two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from linear algebra
2546: Returns the hemispehre of an object based on its geographical location. 1st
2547: A recursive function to calculate the multiplication of two numbers. It uses addition as repeated subtraction operation
2548: Return the minimum between two numbers. If first number is greater than second one then it returns that value
2549: A function that looks up an element in the dictionary. If it exists then returns its value otherwise false
2550: Normalizes the input string by converting to uppercase, replacing spaces with underscores and removing leading
2551: Convert query string parameters to integers  [1] .   Code snippet : convert the given
2552: Convert locales to lowercase or upper case based on the format of their names, e..g
2553: This function returns the position of an element in list. If it is found within given period then its
2554: This function calculates the maximum depth of any subtree in binary tree. It uses recursion to
2555: Merge bins of the same distribution. The function takes two parameters; 'limit' is used to
2556: Filter out values that are not in the range of (-∞,-± �
2557: Implement binary searching algorithm. Code to find the index of given number in an array/list using
2558: Check if the grades are identical.  Returns True or False based on comparison of two inputted numbers
2559: Returns the new position of an object after moving left. If it cannot be moved to any point in
2560: Returns whether the given object or dictionary has an attribute "support standard output allocation".  If it does
2561: A function that returns the unique elements of an iterable. It uses stable sorting to maintain order
2562: This function counts the number of unique nonempty tokens in given poem string, ignoring punctuation and
2563: Check whether the given value represents NaN.  If it does then returns true otherwise false .
2564: A function that returns the path to go from one number up or down. The direction is determined by
2565: Generates member declarations from list of tuples.  Each tuple contains name and role,
2566: Convert the given 'Value' from one range to another.  The ranges are defined by their minimum
2567: Returns the intersection of two crops.  The result is represented as four numbers representing an axis aligned bound
2568: Check whether the list is sorted.  Code checks each pair of adjacent elements in order to determine their
2569: This function takes in an input list of tuples, where each tuple contains two elements. The
2570: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2571: Map input value from one range to another.  The function takes five parameters and maps the given '
2572: Check if the given 'Domain' is present as one of its possible values.  Returns True or
2573: Parse the input into string or strings.  If it's already parsed then returns as given
2574: Extracts the first digit from each group of non-"number" characters and returns them as an
2575: Filter out the cameras in cam list that are less than or equal to length of ten. If all
2576: Normalizes the input to be between zero and one. If value is less than or equal   .
2577: This function takes in an array of 4 elements and returns the first three divided by fourth. It
2578: Returns the result of applying function 'selector' to accumulator. If no such application is possible then
2579: Check whether the point is on an edge of polygon.  If yes then returns true otherwise false .
2580: Returns the flip angles of an object.  If no specific Flipping Angles are provided then it
2581: This function returns the value of an element in list based on its first character. If no such elements
2582: This function replacess all spaces in the inputted text with underscores and returns it as
2583: Remove all spaces from the string  Code is used to clean up input strings by removing any whitespace
2584: Check the length of input string and returns it as long or false otherwise  Code snippet to
2585: Return the type of relationship between two entities. 1 entity is uni or bi and another one
2586: This function returns the type of days in week based on input string – MON, TUE
2587: This function calculates the average of data.  It takes as input an iterable and returns its
2588: This function loops through the list of structure objects and checks each one' s name against all other names
2589: Returns the prefix of an DOI from its full URL or identifier .  If input isn't
2590: This function takes in two lists of segments - one from the original sequence to be split into multiple parts
2591: This function generates all possible unique non overlapping sequences of 'N' characters from the given input string
2592: This function sets the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. 0 <= N
2593: Replace all occurrences of the given 'Token' with another subtext.  This function
2594: Calculates the VibrIndex based on NDVI and DBI.  The formula is
2595: A recursive function to calculate the result of multiplying all numbers from n down by two in each
2596: Invert the order of coordinates.  For example, if input is [[x₁ , y
2597: A function to generate schema of primitive item in the form name -> { "id": id ,
2598: This function groups the given number of channels into different sizes.  It calculates how many output channel
2599: A function that converts time delta into seconds .   [totalSecond] [inp]:
2600: Convert the given frequency to imaginary permittivities in ohm^3/MHz .   Input
2601: Returns the mood level based on total happiness. If negative, happy; less than six Happy/Normal
2602: Calculates the volume of an object with given dimensions.  [...]   .format() method to
2603: This function replaces the { $ origin } placeholder in given string with actual value of ' ORG
2604: Convert string of digits into integer, or zero otherwise . e g., convert('134
2605: This function is used to call the robot's internal state. It takes two parameters - 'Parent
2606: Returns the Slacker color associated with given log levels  Code snippet to be used as part
2607: A function that separates the input string into chunks of one zero followed by ten. The last
2608: Returns the division of each pair from two lists.  If one or both elements are not divisible
2609: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2610: Apply tariffs based on the time of day.   Inputs - KWH usage in kilow
2611: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2612: Convert longitudes and lattitues into geographic point.  The result is in WGS
2613: Convert RGB to hexadecimal. Code is written in python language and takes three parameters red value
2614: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2615: Generates the command to run an application with given parameters. This function is used in other
2616: Create and print the board of given 'n' rows. The number in each cell is its row
2617: This function takes an array of version strings and returns the major parts as floats, ignoring any
2618: Copies the keys and values from one dictionary to another without overwriting existing entries with same key .
2619: Calculates the proportion of elements that are present within given list.  The function takes three arguments -
2620: Format dictionary of label names into string with no quotes around values, separated by commas and without any
2621: Calculates the F measure of two sets based on their respective precisions and recalls . If Prec
2622: Calculates the Body Mass Index of an individual based on their height and mass .   Inputs :
2623: Convert the input into an equivalent nested structure of lists.  If element in original data set isn'
2624: Flatens the inputted nested lists.  It uses recursion to handle any nesting level of
2625: Returns whether two integers are equal. If they're not the same integer then it returns zero otherwise
2626: This function returns the delay time in seconds based on an inputted 'iteration' value, which
2627: Convert string to list. If input isn't of type 'str', just returns the original data
2628: This function rotates the given list of strings. It takes in one argument, which is an array
2629: Remove duplicated packages from the list.  Code is written in Python language and uses recursion to
2630: Create or retrieve the host name of an object.  If no specific Pod is provided then it will
2631: This function calculates the start activity of an event based on its score. It uses recursion to
2632: If the header is to be removed from source file. 0/1 -> true or false
2633: This function returns 'smal...' when the input is less that 1, and it will
2634: This function finds the largest possible factor of an integer. It uses recursion to divide and conquer approach
2635: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .1967 as given by US
2636: Calculates the value of an integer raised to power. This function uses recursion and memoization
2637: This function takes as input an array of tuples where each tuple represents the starting time and finishing
2638: This function returns the result of integer division. If divisor is zero it will always throw an error
2639: This function calculates the area of rectangles.  Inputs are two parameters - 'width'
2640: Check if two given operations are equal. If they're both less than ("less"), greater equals
2641: A function to compress directories into .zip format using the builtin python module 'shutil'.
2642: Returns the dictionary from 'dictionary' that matches given keys and values in one line using filter function
2643: This function converts the first two characters of an alphabetical string to uppercase and returns them
2644: Calculates the total dissolved fraction of water in an electrophilic cell. The formula is
2645: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2646: A function to remove punctuation from string.  It uses recursion and is case sensitive, meaning
2647: Flatens the given input into one dimension. If an element in sentence array/list, it will
2648: Remove the last suffix from string names in an array of strings, e..g., ["foo",
2649: A function to convert IPv4 addresses into an equivalent IPV六地址 string representation . If the input
2650: Calculates the product of all elements at index 'j' within each row.  Returns result as
2651: Create function to convert log levels into HTML colors.  Code is used by the logging module of Python
2652: Returns the result of subtracting an 'Operands' value from another number. If it is less
2653: This function takes three arguments and returns the two scaled values. The first argument is an integer that represents
2654: Creates an empty vector of boolean values.  This is used to represent the keys in dictionary data
2655: Calculates the inverse of an input number. If it's not numeric then returns None .
2656: Create function to check whether an argument can be converted into number.  If it's string then
2657: This function takes in the name of an Ensembl transcript and returns whether it is 16
2658: Normalizes the input list of numbers. The function takes an array and returns its normalized version where each
2659: Returns the double of input. Code is used to multiply an integer by two in Python programming language
2660: Check if the source IP matches destination or vice versa in an incoming request.  Returns True only
2661: Initialize the value function with constant values.  Returns initial state of Value Function VF .
2662: Defines the Rectified Linear Unit activation function. It returns one when input is positive and
2663: Get the argument from an inline python docstring or function definition line by removing comments and splitting on spaces
2664: A function to convert an integer representing day of Week into its corresponding string.  For example, Monday
2665: This function calculates the derivative of θ with respect to time.  It is used in an
2666: Calculates the perpetual value of an investment.  Inputs are cash flow rate and interest rates
2667: Convert the input into an array of lists. If already in form as arrays or single element then returns
2668: Check if the url has either 'www.' followed by any domain name, and then '.com'
2669: Unwrapping DOPLER scalar values from the given profile data .  If PRF is
2670: Solve the problem using recursion. The function takes an integer as input and returns its binary representation
2671: This function is used to penalize the complexity of an individual. It takes as input their current fit
2672: Returns the hVAC status of an object.   Code snippet used to get or set
2673: Calculates the determinant of 6 points in space.   Inputs are three coordinates per point
2674: Check compatibility between the number of Ion sites in an atomistic system with given Wycks off.
2675: This function calculates the score of each team in Silver Medal game based on their scores against another
2676: Normalizes the given input to be between -1 and +1, inclusive on both ends of its
2677: Returns the input tokens that are within maximum length constraints. Reserved Token Exclusion is also taken
2678: A function that generates an integer from the inputted strings. The generated integers are used as indices in
2679: This function calculates the number of zeros to be added at start or end in binary representation.
2680: Check if the template has an HTTP API resource with default authorizers defined in it  .   Type
2681: This function returns the model' s string representation.  The input parameters are batch size and training rate
2682: This function replaces all occurrences of certain characters with their corresponding escape sequences. If the input
2683: This function takes two lists as input and returns the first one followed by all elements of second.
2684: This function returns the available azimal integration methods based on input type. It is used to determine
2685: This function takes in an input string and returns the list of all possible strings that can be formed by
2686: Checks if the given operator string represents an arithmetic comparison.  Returns True when it does,
2687: Publish devices to the docker engine based on mounts or device files .  If no arguments are
2688: Convert an object to either None or List. If the input value `is not` in any of
2689: This function converts the input string to strikethrough. It does so by adding an extra
2690: Extract the username from an event.  This function is used to get user name in AWS C
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer.  Returns the ordinal value of each character in an inputted
2692: Checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. 1D version only checks rows
2693: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion method .   Inputs
2694: Clamps the given 'Value' within specified range.  Returns clamped Value if it is in
2695: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output. It does not do anything with it
2696: Filter molecules by their chains.  Returns the first n atoms in each of these chained groups from
2697: Convert the given number into string with comma as decimal separator, e..g 10 becomes
2698: A function to calculate the Dot Product of two lists. If both inputs are empty it returns zero
2699: A function to find the first occurrence of an element in list.  Returns its position or returns '-
2700: A function to convert Binary number into Decimals. The input is the given integer in its
2701: A function to find the longest common subsequence of two strings.  The time complexity is O((
2702: Linear interpolation function.  Returns the value of 'c' times first argument plus second and
2703: Remove trailing slashes from the end of string.  If there are no more than one ending
2704: Returns the URL to get net id subscriptions based on given codes or all available ones .  [
2705: Returns the type of an Orifices based on its length and id.  If it's
2706: Count the number of matching letters between two strings. The function counts how many times one string contains as
2707: A function to trace the execution of Python programs.  It uses recursion and stack data structure .
2708: Convert hubble's constant to the speed of light in km/sec using given initial value .
2709: Counts the number of occurrences or instances that specific letters appear.  Code checks to ensure
2710: Calculates the probability of winning in tennis. The function takes two parameters representing player's skill level
2711: Dump datetime object to string.  If the input date/time isn't provided then it
2712: Convert the score of an evaluation to its string representation.  If it's negative, prefixes
2713: Filter upcoming events based on their status & visibility. 1st line is the function name; next
2714: Return the output in different formats.  If both input lists are provided then it raises an error as
2715: Remove the specified dictionary's entry.  If it exists then do so and returns updated dict else
2716: This function takes two arguments - an array of coefficients and the value to be predicted. It returns one
2717: Convert locale to RFC 3081 alpha format using the ISO language and country names,
2718: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2719: Returns the difference between two lists.  Code is used to find out which elements are present only once
2720: Returns the type usage associated with an encryption or signing operation.  Key can either 'encrypt'
2721: Convert list of latitude/ longitudes to hours.   Inputs are the input data and an
2722: A function to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. It uses bitwise operations and recurs
2723: A function to find the maximum sub array sum in an integer list. The algorithm uses dynamic programming approach
2724: This function checks if there is at least one element of the array that ends with '_module' and
2725: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. It uses recursion and memoziation technique,
2726: This function cleans the input string by removing extra spaces and converting all characters to lowercase  .
2727: Sort timstamp list by the first element of each tuple.  This is done using lambda
2728: This function takes in hexadecimal data and creates an array of that type with the given name
2729: Convert an array of Hexadecimal values to ASCII characters.  This function takes as
2730: Convert an object into list. If the input isn't of type 'Tuple', it returns
2731: Converts the given string to GTK+ label.  The special character "@", "#
2732: This function converts RGB color to Gamma corrected. It takes two parameters - the original rgb
2733: Returns the smaller value between two given values.  If 'a' is greater than or equal to
2734: Returns the path of an HTTP request as extracted from it using Python's split function on space character
2735: Prints "Doing nothing" when input is 0, otherwise prints whatever it was supposed to
2736: Returns the antenna numbers that are contained within two given ants. The function takes in one argument -
2737: This function calculates the middle point of two points. The coordinates are given as input parameters to calculate
2738: Checks whether an object or its class name matches the oval definition model.  If it does
2739: Returns the previous element in an array. If it's at position zero of elements then returns last
2740: This function adds two numbers in the format of an array. The first element is added to second elements
2741: Builds the URL to run an existing Experiments.  [...]   Code snippet that
2742: A recursive function to substitute all occurrences of patterns in the input string with replacement strings .
2743: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2744: Convert the name of an online game's player character to its corresponding toolname.  For example
2745: This function checks if all conditions in the given list are either 'Yes' or ‘No’
2746: Calculates the minimum of four values and returns it as output .   [END] Code snip
2747: A function that returns the first digit in an input string. If there are no digitis, it
2748: Calculates the mean of two numbers. 1/3rd part is used to calculate it .
2749: Calculates the number of steps needed to reach or exceed an objective.  The function takes two parameters
2750: Check if the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number is set.  Returns True
2751: Convert the input string to uppercase and remove all non-"A" through "-F".  This
2752: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's
2753: This function calculates the sum of all numbers in an array that are less than or equal to '
2754: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is 'true', returns true, otherwise false or raises
2755: This function checks whether the inputted word or phrase forms palidromic. It does so by
2756: This function calculates the slope between two points in space. If they are on same x or y
2757: A function to divide an array into groups of size 'n'. The items are distributed in such way
2758: Returns the value of bit at position 'K' in binary representation.  Code is to get specific
2759: This function takes two arguments - an array of strings and the index from which to start slicing.
2760: Separates nested lists into separate elements.  If the first element of each sublist in input
2761: Returns the comp level of an octave. 1st Octaves are defined as 'e',
2762: Create weather key from latitude and longtude coordinates  Code length :  10 characters or
2763: Transposes the given matrix.  Input is expected to be in form of square matrices and output will
2764: Fixes the URL to be either http or https, and adds 'www.' before it unless already
2765: This function checks if the input number is equal to its reversal. If it's true,
2766: Create mail title based on span and conditions.   Inputs : Span -> time in seconds
2767: Parses the date part of an ISO formatted string into its components. The input is expected to
2768: This function returns the given string in Green color.  Code snippet to be used with other
2769: Check whether all characters in the string are numerics. If so, returns true; otherwise false .
2770: Check whether the input data type of an object or variable.  If it's string then returns
2771: Drop axis ratio function to calculate the value of an object's distance from its center in relation with
2772: Returns the Julianday number of year. The formula is based on Gregorius Leap
2773: Creates an array with the values l and then adds value of 'v' to it. Then
2774: Checks if an Entry contains the Key and/or Value in its headers case insensitive  .
2775: Checks whether the given string represents wild card or not.  If it's empty, returns
2776: Parses the given string into its constituent parts using comma as separator and returns them in
2777: A recursive function to calculate the power of two. Code is based on binary exponentiation algorithm which
2778: Returns the maximum value and its index.  Code is used to find out which of two values are
2779: Builds the service URI. This function takes three parameters - baseURI , Partition and
2780: Convert string to id. If the first character of input strings are not alphanumeric characters then
2781: This function deletes duplicated elements from the list of tweet. It uses recursion to solve it
2782: Returns True if the input character represents one of 10 English lowercase or upper case letters.
2783: Convert snake case to title format – e..g, convert 'this is the first sentence
2784: Counts the occurrences of given 'word' within comments using Python list comprehension and split
2785: This function sorts an array in descending order. It uses recursion to reverse the list and then
2786: This function is used to tidying the given object. It will tell human and wait until it
2787: Add the given points to current player' s total and check whether it is an integer multiple of
2788: A function to generate all the prime numbers upto n.  It uses recursion and backtr
2789: Compare two groups of policies.  Returns True if all attributes match else False .   Inputs :
2790: Convert the given duration to samples.  This function converts an inputted length of audio in seconds
2791: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses absolute difference of
2792: Returns the middle value of two numbers. This function is used to find out where one number lies in
2793: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2794: Convert label to index. If the given name is unknown in labels list then it throws an error message
2795: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers.   [ Code ] .format() method is used to
2796: This function calculates the index of one sample from unlabelled data.  The number and size
2797: Defines the function to create color objects. 1/3 of red ,   . The other
2798: Implemented the Selection Sort algorithm.  The function takes an array of numbers and returns it
2799: A recursive function to calculate the power of an integer. It works by doubling when 'n
2800: A function to calculate the maximum common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2801: Convert an input into multiple instances.  If the length matches with 'n', it returns as given
2802: This function gets the value from JSON dictionary based on given type of sensors and returns it as string .
2803: Create an empty list and add the value of val to it, then strip any leading/trailing
2804: A function to calculate the Hammings weight of an integer. The number is represented in binary and
2805: Returns the mention of given discord.py Role object as string formatting by its id .
2806: Computes the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm to minimize an objective function.  The
2807: This function generates all possible combinations of 'length' "size" from the given sequence.  For
2808: Calculates the precision of an algorithm. If there are no true positives or false negatives in
2809: Check whether the given 'list' has any elements.  If it does have an element equal to
2810: This function takes an input of the number 'hour' and returns that many seconds. It does so
2811: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2812: A function to update one dictionary with another using deep copy and overwriting values where necessary .  It
2813: This function takes in two parameters - string and the desired preffix. It returns an inputted
2814: Creates and returns 1d list of lists representing an empty two dimensional array with the given number
2815: Create an array of the first and second elements in each tuple.  This is used to create indices
2816: Check the electrifcation scenarios of partitioning .  If it’s reference then returns string
2817: This function checks whether the given 3D object is rectangular. It does so by checking that each
2818: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the first string, followed by ', ' plus all
2819: Convert velocity to output.   Inputs : Velocities in km/h Output is the corresponding
2820: Convert y to the unit of x.  This function is used in conjunction with other functions that convert
2821: Converts the data fields to standardized names.  This function is used in converting raw input
2822: Returns the first value of dictionary d, if it exists else returns None .  It is equivalent to
2823: Clean the input of Chamber.  If it's given as an integer or floating point value then
2824: This function calculates the volume of an inverted box. The formula is used to calculate it based
2825: Calculates the number of days in one day.   Input -> Time spent on coding, Output
2826: Convert the given Python List to CSV format.  For example, convert [a , b ]
2827: Check if the file f contains valid information about an IMRCT data structure .  Returns True or
2828: Check if two rectangular objects collides.  If they do not overlap at all then returns False otherwise
2829: Convert Python boolean value into JavaScript equivalent.  If the input is true, it returns 't',
2830: Get all directories with training history files (.JSON).  Code is used to find the top level directory
2831: Calculates the stretch factor of an audio signal.  The function takes three parameters - length samples in
2832: Returns the maximum number that can be formed with '0's and/or   "ones"
2833: Check whether the given time interval in seconds.  Returns true when it's an integer greater than
2834: Returns the locations of all cells that can be occupied by an 'X' on each row and col
2835: Create an error message with the result and expectation. This function will be used to compare two
2836: This function calculates the light intensity of an RGB color. It takes as input one or more colors
2837: A function to calculate the mean of scores by index. The list is traversed from leftmost
2838: This function takes three arguments and returns the list of diseases.  The first two are from CIV
2839: Returns the element at index 'K' in data.  If K is out of range it returns
2840: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit function definition and usage example"   .strip()
2841: A function to generate 1d array of size 'col' with zeros and then repeat it
2842: Returns the number of groups in Group Normalization.  If not specified otherwise it will default to using
2843: Check whether one given array is the same as any of its subsets.  If it's true
2844: Split an input string into separate addresses, convert to all small case and join them back together with
2845: Negates the signal.  Input is an integer or float, returns its negative value as well if
2846: A function to calculate the dissimilarity between two sequences. It uses recursion and dynamic programming approach
2847: Convert integer to string representation of the given Shape.  If no valid input, returns 'Error
2848: Returns the string representation of an object. If not possible, returns false or None .  [get
2849: Check whether the input can be interpreted as an integer or floating point number within -∞ to +
2850: Convert number to million or billion units. If the input is zero it returns 'zero'. For numbers
2851: Generates unique ids per each execution of the given function or method, used to identify steps in
2852: Replace the part of string from position to pos with another one. If it's out range
2853: Count the frequency of an element within list.  Returns fractional value representing how often it appears compared
2854: Returns True if the person's ethinicity includes 'hisp', including latinos, black
2855: Split the first element of an array into two parts. The second part is all elements after that
2856: Returns the bit wise OR of 16 bits from two numbers. The result is stored in one
2857: This function converts all string items to integers. If the input isn't an integer or not
2858: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2859: Checks if the given string is in any of CVS/Subversion format .  If it
2860: A function to get the 'k'th bit of number "number" in binary. The result
2861: Returns the names of all objects in an inputted array.  [1pt]   Example usage
2862: Create and Return Patient Form Data in JSON format with the given parameters   Inputs : First Name
2863: This function takes an input string and replaces all special characters with underscores, then reverses
2864: Calculates the mean of an array.  It takes two parameters - number instances and list/array
2865: Check the cloning of two genes. If they are not identical or their cdr sequence is different
2866: Await the result of an asynchronous function.  If it's not already, start its
2867: Compute the overlap between two bounding boxes.  The function takes as input four parameters representing each
2868: Convert bounding box coordinates from one format to another. The input is in the form of four numbers
2869: This function takes in an input string and splits it into tokens based on spaces using the split()
2870: A function to check whether all elements of the list are unique.  If so, returns true;
2871: Returns the string representation of an integer. If it's 1, returns []. Otherwise adds
2872: 返回数据库文件的路径。   Inputs： spiders目录和
2873: Convert the input list of numbers into their distribution.  This is done by dividing each number within
2874: Returns the interfaces of given 'Node ID' from interface dictionary.  If no such Node exists then
2875: Convert string to bytes, handling different units like Mb/GB or TB in SI and IEC
2876: This function takes an integer representing the number of second as input and returns it in HH::MM
2877: Check if the given list of fields should have Advanced Options enabled.  If any non-"False"
2878: Returns the name of weekdays based on integer input.  For example, given an argument value as
2879: Normalizes the input string by removing punctuation and converting to lowercase  Inputs -> str
2880: Remove comman from number string and convert it to integer type  Code is used in the function of
2881: Calculates bit mask of ARGB color.  If the Alpha is non zero then it
2882: This function checks if the input string 'True' or any other form of truthiness in lowercase
2883: This function generates the list of OS type nodes based on their types, it takes as input an array
2884: Convert string to boolean value .  Converts the given input into its corresponding Boolean representation, i
2885: Returns the word with an or not.  For example, given input of eel returns el and
2886: Convert string to lowercase, or leave it unchanged when empty/null input is given  Code sn
2887: Convert KELVIN to CENTIGRADE using Python function .   Inputs : Deg
2888: Check the status of all cells in given 3x4 grid. If any cell has been cleared
2889: Check whether the package name of an Android project matches one that's covered by Buck or Google Play
2890: A function that checks whether the list of dates is empty or it doesn't contain any duplicated
2891: Returns the default units of an axis. For multi dimensional arrays, it returns "-" as unit by
2892: Convert instrument string to STAC Infrastructure.  Returns list of instruments in the given format .
2893: Implement the Galoiis algorithm to perform multiplication. Code is given in python language and it performs
2894: This function takes an array of file paths and returns the same files but with their order reversed due
2895: Compare two lists of web applications and returns the common ones between them  Code length :  3 lines
2896: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. If the input is less than 4 bits, it
2897: Remove all empty or non-"Output" logs from the given string of log outputs, leaving only those
2898: A function that clips the input to be within specified minimum and maximum values.  If it'
2899: Check if the given list of HTTP response 'Headers' contains an entry with specified "name".
2900: Returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of rectangle.  Code is used to normalize or standardized rectangular
2901: Convert an array of ascii characters to uint3. The first element is the high word and
2902: Returns the IP address version. 1 - IPv6, other values are reserved and not used in
2903: Flatens the given field.  The function takes in an array of arrays and flattends it
2904: Generates the URL to filter vehicles based on location and radius of searched area from TrueCar website
2905: Returns the properties of one or more materials as specified by their names in an input list . The function
2906: Evaluates the given function or method with an observation and returns its result.  If it'
2907: Returns the string as its only element. This function is used to ensure that there's
2908: Appends the given tensor to each element in an inputted tensordict.  Returns new
2909: Quick sort algorithm implementation.  Code is written to implement the quicksort method on an array of
2910: Convert text to list of phrases separated by commas, with optional 'and' word added between each
2911: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient of an Ideal Gas at constant volume and temperature using specific gas constants
2912: Checks whether the string contains any of two special characters %, {}.  If so returns true
2913: This function processes the string by replacing all spaces with underscores.  It is used to clean
2914: A function that adds two tuples.  It takes in one tuple and another as input parameters
2915: A function that sorts an array of lists by removing duplicated elements.  It uses recursion to
2916: Returns the size of data in bytes. The maximum value is checked and then mapped to its corresponding byte
2917: Returns '*' or '' depending on the probability of being in range [ 98% ,
2918: Convert column labels to numbers.   Inputs : Label of the Column in string format . Output is
2919: Returns the value of an element in list. If it is not found, returns default (-). Code
2920: Merge two sorted linked lists.  If one of the input is empty then it returns other list
2921: A function that returns the second element of first matching pair in nested tulset. If no match
2922: A function that performs Linear Search on an Array.  It returns true when the search is successful
2923: Returns the largest power of two less than or equal to n. Code is used in binary search tree
2924: Convert Excel Column to Index. This function converts an input string of letters representing columns from A,
2925: Calculates the module name based on configuration file path or custom string input  Inputs : Configur
2926: This function wraps the input string in green color.  It is used to print colored output on
2927: Calculates the change in concentration of carbon dioxide based on current and initial conditions .
2928: Returns the input string with leading and trailing whitespace removed using Python's built in .str
2929: Find the longest common subsequence of two lists.  If one list is empty then it returns true
2930: Returns the first character of an input string or number. If not possible to convert it into integer then
2931: Returns the appropriate brackets of ages.   Inputs are in years, outputs will be strings with
2932: Search to regex.  Code is used in searching through files and directories using regular expressions .   Input
2933: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using recursion.  It uses E
2934: Returns the usage string of an argument or function based on its options and default value .  If it
2935: Calculates the average of each student's scores in given 'score book'. The score is calculated
2936: Convert time in HHMMSS format into total number of Seconds.   Code Example : convert
2937: Create an empty string of spaces repeated level times. This is used to generate the correct amount and type
2938: Evaluates an arithmetic binary tree using recursion, where each nonleaf has two children nodes
2939: Generates an Amazon STS Boto 4 ARN from the given name. This is used
2940: This function creates new ids based on the given parameters. It concatenates 'ID' with increment
2941: Checks if the given 'value' falls within anomalous range. 0 to N where lower
2942: A function to calculate the Lucasseries. The first two numbers in series are always given as '
2943: Calculates the new length of field in watts.  The function takes four parameters which are all
2944: Returns the string with trailing whitespace removed. If no such character exists, returns original input as
2945: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization technique in order not recompute
2946: Returns whether the target capacity is less than or equal to current uptime.  If it's
2947: Clears all integers from the input. If an integer value exists it returns zero otherwise leaves as such
2948: Create an SQL SELECT statement with the given conditions.  For example if you have 'name = John
2949: A function to calculate the sum of Fibonacci numbers. The first few terms are [
2950: Convert bytes to gigabytes.   Inputs - Byte number, Output --> Gigab
2951: Obtain the timestamp from full time stamp and LSB. The function takes two parameters - 'ls
2952: Fixes the shape of all nonzero time series in an array. If one or both endpoints
2953: A function to calculate the next term in Collatz Conjecture. The conjecture states that every
2954: Prepending an item to all lists within the input list of arrays.  Returns new array with items
2955: Returns True if the point with coordinates `[`. 1] is within circle of radius '
2956: Convert an object to its equivalent Python Boolean representation – True or false . If the input can be
2957: Convert string to boolean value, defaulting false when input is not recognized as valid bool values .
2958: This function formats the Maven jar name by replacing dots with underscores and hyphens in both
2959: Check whether two alternatives are mutually exclusive.  If they're both present then the first alternative
2960: Delete the root node of an AST.  This function will recursively remove all nodes that are
2961: Convert list of strings to one long line.  If the input isn't already in that format
2962: Convert time in minutes and sec to string format. If the minute is zero, it will add leading
2963: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2964: This function takes in the path of an input file and returns two parts - one is its type/
2965: Flattern nested lists.  This function takes an arbitrarily complex nesting of integers or other
2966: Compute the residues of modular exponentiation. Code to compute 'p'th root modulo
2967: This function calculates the differential equation of Farkas' method.  The first two terms are
2968: Verifies that an input is within range of values in one dimension. If not it raises error message
2969: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2970: Clean URLs by removing leading and trailing whitespace, converting to lowercase  Code is used
2971: Calculates the temperature in Celsius based on an input of Fahrenheit or K
2972: Counts the parenthesis in text. If it'll open new one returns + , otherwise close
2973: Parse direction argument. If it's true/false, returns the same value as input;
2974: Calculates inverse document frequency of each word across all documents and stores it as an attribute on the Document
2975: A recursively implemented function to perform Binary Search on an Array. The search is performed by div
2976: This function generates the inverse permutation of an input list. It uses recursion to find and store
2977: Calculates the duration of all notes present on an instrumental piece by adding up their individual lengths .
2978: Flatens the input array. If an element of it's sublist, then recursively call
2979: A function to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers.  Code is in Python language and uses
2980: Pad the input with zeros to make it even length. If already an odd number of characters,
2981: Computes the gradient of Sigmoidal function with respect to its input  Code snippet :
2982: A function to check whether the list is in strictly decreasing order.  If it's empty or
2983: Influence the given object with another.  If it's false or true then do nothing
2984: Create grid of zeros. Width and Height are the dimensions to be created in rows &
2985: Returns the number of honeycombs in one room. The function is used to calculate how many rooms
2986: Returns true when the first element of two lists are equal or larger. If not it returns false otherwise
2987: This function calculates the Punto de Rocío of an employee given their hourly rate and
2988: This function checks if the given index in an array of exons belongs to either first/end position
2989: Flatens the inputted array. If it's an empty or nonlist object then returns that
2990: Create function to convert list of pairs into string.  If the first element in each tuple is equal
2991: Returns True if the current process/thread belongs to chief.  If not returns false .   Input
2992: Fixes line breaks in the input string by replacing them with spaces only when they are followed and preced
2993: Returns the difference between two numbers. If one number is greater than another it returns how much larger that
2994: Convert an input to be sure it's always in the form of List. If not already one
2995: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach one step or two steps at once. The
2996: Convert molar ratio from atomic number and molecular weight into mole fraction of the given atom type in an
2997: This function takes an input of type list and returns the same output as it's given, but
2998: Returns the reversed scale of an element. If it'll be in range, returns its original
2999: Returns the reciprocal of input. If zero, returns an extremely large number to avoid division by
3000: Sort the list of ids in ascending order numerically based on their first digit after "_
3001: A function to calculate the average of numbers in an array.  It takes as input one list and
3002: Calculates the rating of thruster based on its maximum possible force and mass capacity .   [END
3003: Create and get dictionary of edges.  The function takes in five parameters - unique id , the start
3004: This function checks whether the given input is an actual Leap Year or not. It does so by
3005: This function returns the list of fields that are used in cycle time calculations.  It is part to
3006: Calculates the range of pitched values in an array.  Returns maximum and minimum value from given
3007: Defines function to check whether an argument can be converted into either integer or floating point number.
3008: Convert hours to weeks and days. If the input is less than one day, it returns as string
3009: Calculates the similarity between two strings.  The function takes in parameters of 'Distance' and returns
3010: Convert minutes to duration in human readable form. If the total time is zero it returns string representation
3011: Sorts the list of hackers by their points in descending order.  Code is used to
3012: Get the path of disabled vHost configuration file in php version and Domain name format  .e
3013: Defines function to greet the user by their given names.  Returns string with hello and users
3014: Returns the distance between two points in meters using camera lens distortion model, with an optional parameter to
3015: Calculates the Lipschitz constant of distance between two points.  The function takes four parameters
3016: Validates the type of an argument against provided list/dictionary .  If it is valid then
3017: Returns the minimum of two numbers. If one number is greater than or equal to zero then it returns
3018: Find the first occurrence of an element in array. If not found returns None  .   Inputs
3019: Convert newline characters to CRLF in text files or lists of strings with multiple lines –
3020: A function to safely divide two numbers together with checks on the input types & values . Returns zero in
3021: Returns the greater of two values.  [code]  >>>mixRestituition(-3,-
3022: Generates threshold and false negative rate pairs from the given list of pairwise combinations .  The function
3023: This function calculates the payout of an options contract. It takes into account whether it's
3024: Parses the content of ctab bond block and returns list with stripped lines from it .
3025: This function returns the indices of operators in an arithmetic expression that need minimum precedence order than any
3026: Convert binary string to decimal. Code is based on the process of converting each bit from rightmost digit
3027: A function to check whether the list of dates contains duplicated entries.  It uses recursion and
3028: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climbing stairs. The total count is based on previous
3029: Check whether the string contains only ASCII characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false
3030: A simple function to get the description.  Returns either just 'A python project' or full text
3031: This function converts an IPv address to string formatting with dots in between each byte of the IP
3032: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is assumed as non negative
3033: This function takes as input the list of hydrogen bonds and an integer representing “solute” or
3034: This function takes an input string and adds the dot at start of it. If its not alph
3035: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3036: Returns the log file prefix of octave/matlab scripts .  If no argument is provided,
3037: Convert labels to binary classification. 0 = not abuse,  1= abusive . The function
3038: Returns True if the result of raising 'x' to power and then taking modulo with number "
3039: This function takes in one line of the input file and splits it into two parts based on '
3040: A function to find the index of maximum value in an array. Code is written using recursion method
3041: Normalizes the input into an integer or returns false. If it's not valid then prints error
3042: Check if the given path points to real data.  This function checks whether or no it's
3043: This function checks if the given filename matches with one of two predefined regular expressions patterns to determine
3044: Split the given file or directory name into its components (.e., root and .d.).
3045: Calculates the accumulated health care cost.  The input parameters are total costs of healthcare in one
3046: Filter out the given packet based on provided filters.  The function takes two parameters - 'Packetes
3047: Check the hyperparameters of given data.  If any parameter is out range it returns false else true
3048: Calculates the accuracy of classification.   Inputs : list -> returns float . calc
3049: Returns the environment type based on given 'HostName'.  If Host Name does not match any of
3050: This function generates the required number of spaces. It is used to generate indentation in Python'
3051: Remove values above the given 'watting' limit from each element in an array of strings –
3052: Return the number from given dictionary.  Code is used to get "number" field in input data
3053: Convert RGB color to linear space, ie., convert from sRGB colorspace into Linear
3054: Checks whether the input vector array contains only one scalar value.  If so returns true; otherwise
3055: Convert the result of an SQL query into dictionary format using map and items method in python .   Code
3056: Calculates the change in energy from cell to external environment.  Inputs are Energy lost due Cell
3057: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3058: Generates the Cartesian product of three lists. The first two arguments are integers and represent indices in
3059: Compute the speed of an object in bytes per second.   Inputs : Size -> The
3060: A function to generate the list of all possible intron regions in an assembly using given parameters such as
3061: Convert RGB color to integer.  Code is used in the conversion of colors from an image file into
3062: 返回两个区间交集的起始和结束。如果没有公共点，则
3063: This function filters out messages that do not contain the host logger and returns only those containing it .
3064: Converts an integer to its binary coded decimals representation. The function takes in one
3065: Clean the documents by removing common English stopwords.  This function takes as input an array of tokens
3066: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3067: A recursive function to calculate combinations. The number of ways you can pick r items from an infinite
3068: Wraps an index to the given 'size'. If it'll be negative then adds "
3069: This function splits the input text into separate blocks and wraps each one with an initial ">>
3070: Get positive integer from input. If the value can't be converted to an Integer then it raises
3071: A function to strip trailing spaces from string.  It uses recursion until it finds the last
3072: This function returns the weight of loss to be used in probablistic learning algorithms like SGD
3073: A function that returns the last element of an input list. If there is only one item in array
3074: Returns the given file or directory's full system name as an OS independent string representation .  If
3075: 返回一个与给定标识符对应的旧消息类型。如果提供了一个
3076: Returns true when the input list contains zeros and false otherwise . The function checks whether there's
3077: A recursive function to calculate the median of an array. If no elements in list, returns zero
3078: Create an object that references another document.  This is used to create cross reference between documents in the
3079: This function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing predicted values with actual ones. It takes two
3080: Returns the provided eTAG, or raises an exception when it is invalid .  [...]   #
3081: Convert the input string into lowercase, or leave it as is otherwise – used in case ins
3082: Limit the size of an expected value to be within specified range. If it's less than
3083: Returns the negative of each element in an iterable.  For example [3,-4] becomes
3084: Returns the index of maximum element.  Code is used to find out which item has highest value among
3085: This function takes in the filename of an .CSV file and returns its corresponding slop value as
3086: This function calculates the price after applying discounts and taxes.  It takes three parameters : Base Price
3087: Generates descriptions of the given list/array 'of' class objects. Each description is formatted as
3088: This function takes in an array of arrays and returns the elements from each inner/nested set as
3089: This function calculates the value of an arbitrary polynomial. The coefficients are passed as arguments to it and
3090: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .697   Summary:.def __
3091: Checks if the number x+y and returns True or False.  If it's an
3092: Returns the Union of two lists as sets .  [1]   Inputs : Two Lists
3093: Convert string to boolean value, support 'true', ‘False’ ,'yes','No'.
3094: A function that subtracts two lists elementwise. If one of the inputs isn't actually
3095: Convert font weights from 'Normal' to ‘Regular’ and then back again, preserving the
3096: Apply function to the argument.  Returns original input if no operation is performed on it .   Example
3097: MapLookUp function.  Maps each element of the first list to an equivalent from second one
3098: Defines the function to compute scalar product of two vectors. The input is expected as lists or arrays
3099: Calculates the radius of gyration from n and standard deviation σ .   Inputs :
3100: A function that returns Fizzy, Buzze or the number itself. If it's
3101: A function to replace parameters with overrides from the given dictionary .  The main purpose of it is
3102: Convert an integer to money format. If the number is less than or equal zero, it will be
3103: Transform the point from local coordinates to world space.  The transformation is based on spherical coordinate transformations
3104: Create an array of strings from the input list.  The output is in quotes around each item and
3105: Calculates the diagonal index of an element in 3D space. The formula is xi−
3106: Check if the first character of an object/string starts with %.  Returns True when it does
3107: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence using dynamic programming. The input is an integer
3108: Calculates the number of instances in each label.  Returns as fraction if requested .   Example usage
3109: Create and manage labels.  Code is used to create, retrieve or delete the metadata associated with an
3110: Extract the organization ID from an organizational name using "/" as separator  .
3111: A function that caches the square root of numbers using lambda functions and decorators to avoid rec
3112: Parses the given string into float numbers in order to be used as input data or parameters of
3113: Count the number of diamond brackets.  Code to count how many ">>" are present,
3114: This function calculates the difference between two timestamps in seconds. It takes as input “
3115: Convert Facebook URLs to basic format .  Converts facebook urls into the equivalent of
3116: Check whether the given string ends with an underscored character.  If it does, returns True
3117: Convert the status of an ALDB to its new format. If it's not possible or unknown
3118: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
3119: Adds two lists element wise.  Code is written in python and it adds the corresponding elements of
3120: Calculates the score of cards. If there is only one card with value 'J', it subt
3121: This function checks if the given 'bits' number of binary digits are within standard logic vector range
3122: Calculates the force of gravity on an object at given height above sea level in m/s^
3123: Calculates the error squared between two numbers. If they are equal returns zero and otherwise calcula
3124: Convert an unsigned integer to bytes in little endian order. The function takes as input the number and
3125: Create an unique parameter name based on the given parameters. This function is used to generate names
3126: This function returns risk characterizations based on the inputted value of 'Combination Risks Ass
3127: This function splits the input string into columns of specified width. The first element in `collate
3128: Normalizes the input value to be used in URLs or filenames by replacing hyphens with
3129: This function checks if the input value can be considered as service name or identifier in our system .
3130: Returns the remainder of subtracting 'b' from ‘m’. This is equivalent to finding
3131: Returns the first element of list. If there is only one item in array, returns that single value
3132: Check whether two numbers are approximately equal within an error margin.  If the absolute difference between x and
3133: A function to generate the sequence of all possible time period combinations from given list/array 'Years
3134: This function returns the current lag and sensitivity dictionary along with simulation parameters.  It is used to set
3135: Returns the input string, but if it's longer than 19 characters then append an ell
3136: Computes the Vertical Resolution Functional Mean Moving Average of an array with
3137: Convert the given text into ids. If it' not found then returns '-  ' . map
3138: Checks the given list of strings to see whether they contain an error message. If so, it
3139: Generates all possible moves of the Knight on an 8*N chessboard. The positions
3140: Extracts the most important keyword from each sentence of given input string, separated by commas and
3141: Convert the given string to an environment variable compatible format by replacing dots with underscores and converting all
3142: Convert CoAP Response Code to Class and Detail. This function converts the given coaps rep
3143: This function calculates the average of numbers.  It takes in an array/list and returns its
3144: Transposes the x and y coordinates of an object's location.  If it is above or
3145: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the absolute values in ascending order. If input is
3146: Convert MAC address to EMonitor format using the last digit of each part as suffix  Code snip
3147: Convert longitude to be between [-π, +π] range.   Code snippet used
3148: Calculates the scatter factor of an electron beam in free space with frequency 'frequency' Hz and
3149: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  [1pt]   .eomacros
3150: Returns the first attribute of an object that starts with 'T' or returns second one otherwise –
3151: This function returns the price of an item based on its quality factor, which is used to determine how
3152: Converts the CATH classification to its corresponding label.  If not recognized, raises an error
3153: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers.  Returns an integer value representing how far apart they are
3154: This function calculates the luminence of an RGB value using specific formulae to convert it into gr
3155: Sort the barcode list in ascending order.  Code is used to read and process data
3156: Returns the reciprocal of input number 'X'. For example, if you call `inverse
3157: Defines function to check if number x in odd.   .isdigit() -> checks
3158: Returns the number of bytes required to encode src in base63. The encoding is done by padding
3159: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same list with all field names being
3160: Check if the given URL exists or not using Python's built in library 'urlib'.
3161: This function reverses the string. It uses recursion to achieve it by calling itself with smaller strings
3162: Generates pairs of elements in the list.  For example, given input ['a', 'b
3163: Add two quantum states.  Quantum state is represented as four numbers each representing the probability of an
3164: Extracts the name of an existing Topic in Google Cloud Pub/Sub by its full Path
3165: Returns the list of specification kinds.  [Manually created]   .get() method returns an
3166: Substitutes the templates in braces {} with different strings within each other and returns them as
3167: Returns the sort key of an Entity Attribute.  The first element is used to determine whether
3168: Returns the even numbers from an inputted array.   [13] -> [] ,[
3169: This function checks whether the given string contains at least one upper case letter. If it does then returns
3170: Flatten the given nested lists.  For example, input [[a,[b]][c d
3171: Returns the sum of values within specified area on 1D array.   Inputs -> Grid
3172: Function to generate a string representation of the first n rows in Pascal's triangle.  The
3173: Converts PLNY balance to another currencies.  If the conversion is not possible it
3174: This function takes in the JWT identity and returns user id from it using jwks library
3175: Convert feet to meters using the conversion factor of .1967 meter per foot, which is
3176: Check if given HTML string contains "maximum limit reached".  Returns True or False accordingly .
3177: Calculates the Lasso loss function.  x and Y are input vectors of equal length .
3178: Removes leading and trailing slashes from string. If there is only one character, returns the
3179: Convert the given amount into bytes based on its units . e g KB , MB etc..   Input
3180: Calculates the geometric mean of an anomalies in terms on Earth's orbit around太阳 .
3181: Get the last two elements of each word in input list, convert them to floats and returns their
3182: A function that calculates the number of ways to represent 'N' as summands in three
3183: Validates the input to check whether it's an acceptable value of 'Tail'.  If
3184: Adds 1 to the diagonal and multiplies by two. This function takes in diagonals
3185: A function that performs elementwise division of two vectors. The result is another vector where each value corresponds
3186: A function that checks whether one group dominates another by comparing the difference between their groups. If it
3187: Convert bioinformatics file formats.  Code to convert .mcf or mzxml files
3188: This function will traverse the tree and find all leaves. It starts from level one then moves down
3189: A recursive function that converts an array of numbers into binary representation.  The input is the
3190: Normalizes an infix logical expressions to postfix notation using the Shunting Yard algorithm, then
3191: Returns the value of an attribute from either `settings` or passed as parameter. If not found it
3192: Save file in the specified format.  If E, then encode and decode as needed; otherwise
3193: Check whether the input is an empty String.  Returns True or false based on that condition .
3194: This function returns the number of signals between two characters. If they are equal it will always be zero
3195: This Python method calculates the difference between two lists or tuples. If one of them isn
3196: Check whether the first character of query is / or empty. If yes, then it's an
3197: This function converts all uppercase characters to their corresponding ...'s . The input is
3198: A function that returns all elements in the vector where corresponding bits are equal to given 'value'. The
3199: A function to encrypt passwords using Caesar Cypher.  The shift is determined by the
3200: Check if the given 'Profile' object has an appropriate decay mode set in it, ie.,
3201: A function to check whether the given UID exists within all keys. If it does exist then returns
3202: Returns the list of supported operating systems that can be used with given Scheduling tool.  For
3203: Returns whether two numbers have the exact opposite sign.  If both are positive or negative then returns True
3204: Defines an addition function that takes two vectors as input. If the length of both are not equal
3205: Check the size of an array or list and ensure it has at least one element .  If not
3206: This function returns the items of an input data set as they are received, with no regard to order
3207: Remove the specified list of stop/non-"important" terms from input string and replace them with spaces
3208: A function that checks whether two numbers are close enough to each other considering an error margin.  It
3209: This function filters out small English language word from the given text by checking whether they are alphanumer
3210: Normalizes the name of log files. If file's first three characters are 'LOG', it
3211: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3212: Mark lines starting with space and ending without dot as Stage dir separated by dots .  If the first
3213: 检查给定的参数是否为空或只包含一个元素。如果是，则返回True
3214: Create an annotation dictionary. The function takes three parameters and returns the necessary information needed by matplotlib
3215: Parses the first 4 characters of string to form an ISBN. If not valid, returns
3216: Returns the slots in an intent request.  [...]   .get("name", None), slot
3217: Convert string to tuple of floats representing longitude and latitudinal coordinates in degrees .  The
3218: A function that rounds up the number to nearest multiple of given integer.  If it's already
3219: Calculates the difference between two numbers.  Code is used to calculate and compare differences in values of
3220: Create an underscore text.  Code snippet to be used in markdown formatting or
3221: This function takes an api string and returns the first part of it, which is usually just "api
3222: Defines an operation to be performed on two numbers.  This is the basis of many other operations
3223: Create an id string from file system name and MDT index. This function is used to
3224: A function that takes two arguments - dictionary d and list of strings/keys to extract from the dict
3225: Check whether the given object represents an empty or null value.  Returns true when it's not
3226: A function that sums all elements in the list which are divisible by three. If no such element
3227: This function calculates the total number of cards in hand .  It returns an integer value representing how
3228: A recursive function to check whether an element is in the list.  It uses Python's
3229: Generates the nth Gray Code. The first two elements are "0" and then each success
3230: This function returns the string USKS. It takes two parameters - an integer and filename/folder
3231: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3232: A function to eliminate duplicated elements from an array. It uses recursion and list comprehensions combined
3233: A function to find the start and end indices of lines in string s. The index is zero based
3234: Returns the filename of file containing stats about proteins in given dataset or all datasets combined when no specific one
3235: Computes the gradient of Sigmoidal function. ∂sigmoide/dw =
3236: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
3237: Check whether the given object has any of 'required' or not, and also check its schema version
3238: Convert date string to list of integers. If the input is not 7 characters long it returns false
3239: Parses command line arguments.  Returns true when no argument is provided, otherwise false .
3240: Returns True if the number can be placed at given position on board. Else returns false .
3241: Generates an enumeration of the given list/array 'extensio'n .  The
3242: Returns the last 8 characters of an input string. This function is used to get unique IDs
3243: This function takes an id and returns the same string but with all non alphanumeric characters removed
3244: This function takes in an input of type tuple, where the first element is user id and second one
3245: Validates the input data.  If it's not validated then throws an exception .
3246: Creates an n by m matrix where each element is either zero or one. The diagonal elements are
3247: This function validates the resilience policy's level of service. It checks whether provided input
3248: Generates an URL to access the specified Google Cloud Instance.  Code is used by other parts
3249: Returns whether the given string contains any numeric characters. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or
3250: Returns the value of 'a' times its position in an array, but only when it is less
3251: Returns the quotient of two numbers.  The result is an integer if both inputs are integers or
3252: A simple function to perform an elementwise multiplication.  It takes three parameters - two scalars and
3253: Function to determine the road's width based on its total distance.  It returns string describing range
3254: Generates the CEID string to be used in Google Translate API. ...   #
3255: Returns the line number of an element within list or returns 0 when not found .   Inputs
3256: Check whether the first argument is "-H", "--"Help". If so returns true else false
3257: Computes the number of ways to partition an integer into parts with distinct values. This is done by
3258: Returns the difference between corresponding elements of two vectors.  The result is another vector where each element corresponds
3259: Transform keys of dictionary.  If no transformation function provided then returns the original data; otherwise applies
3260: Add two scalars together. If the result is greater than or equal to half of one scalar then
3261: This function calculates the Bellmann quality equation. It takes three arguments - 'Rewards', and
3262: Defines the function to generate unique names.  The input is two parameters indicating number of dimensions and
3263: This function returns the next higher power of 3 in binary representation. It uses '|' operator
3264: A function to check whether the given input integer 'is' power of two or not. If it
3265: This function returns the bounding box of an ellipse centered at given point with specified radii
3266: Convert string to bool. If the input is 'None', returns None, otherwise raises an error when
3267: Calculates the result of multiplying two numbers together with an additional constant factor and adding it to another
3268: Multiply each element of the matrix by vector.  Returns new Matrix where every entry is result
3269: This function returns the list of sequences used in HelmAlien's tests.  The sequence
3270: Convert an array of frequencies to Hertz Frequencies  Code is used by the function '
3271: This function returns True if the first player wins against second one. It takes as input rock/ paper
3272: A recursive function that sums the halvings of an input list. If there is only one
3273: Calculates the area of an irregular polygon given its perimeters and heights.   [1 point
3274: This function takes an input string and returns the name of employees along with their working days as list data
3275: Check whether the first character of string `str` can be converted to hexadecimal digit or
3276: Builds string from tokens.  Code is used to build the final output of an algorithm or function
3277: Returns the string with length of at least `'`.  If it is less than required size
3278: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities equivalent in the given string 's'. It is
3279: Convert string to boolean value, with 'True' when input is yes/y / true t
3280: A function to check whether the input string 'is' palidromic.  It checks from
3281: Filter out the restaurants that do not match any of given 'cusine' types.  It
3282: This function checks whether the given string contains 'Execution of GaussianSolver terminated normally' or not
3283: Check whether two strings are permutations of each other. If they're not the same length or
3284: This function creates an id string based on the parameters of experiment.  It is used to uniquely identify
3285: Parses the species name from an assembly identifier, returning either hgXX or mm/Z
3286: This function takes two matrices as input and returns the rows of one matrix after being matched with another.
3287: Convert given number of min to hr and minute.   Example usage :human\_ time\(\
3288: Adds two vectors.  Input is expected to be lists of integers or floats and the same
3289: A recursive function to calculate the binomial coefficient. The formula is used in combinatorial mathematics
3290: Defines the function to flip one specific binary digit.  This is used in conjunction with other functions
3291: Convert string to integer or leave as it's not an number otherwise convert the input into its equivalent
3292: Replace all occurrences of constants in the string with their corresponding values from an array . Code
3293: Zip two lists together. If one list is empty it returns an empyt result and stops
3294: A recursive function that checks whether the url contains any of given set keyswors in order to
3295: Convert Hexadecimal to RGB.   Inputs - A String of the form "#rr
3296: Convert string to Boolean or int/float type conversion function – convert strings like 'True', true
3297: Convert the given input to its equivalent Boolean representation in Python 3 .   Inputs : A String
3298: Create pixel data structure from integer value.   Pixels are represented as RGBA values in the
3299: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII letter. If the number is less than or equal two five
3300: Return True when the object is an End of Array.  Otherwise, returns false or None .
3301: Get the value of an JSON object's specified key. If not found it raises error with message
3302: Returns the root directory of Avalon.  [...]   Code snippet to be used
3303: Change the visibility of an object.  If it is public or private then make its value explicit .
3304: Returns the value of N's rightmost digit in Binary. If it is not set then
3305: A function to check whether the given list of strings contains 'covid –' or any variation
3306: Compute the Cross Product of two 3D Vectors .   Inputs : Two Vector
3307: A function to count the number of digtis in an integer.   Inputs -> Integer .
3308: Create level of the code review. 1 - error,  0 or no input = note ,
3309: Check whether an argument is constant integer.  If it's none or noninteger then throw error
3310: Compare two JSON objects recursively – only works with dictionaries as input data types . If the
3311: Checks whether the given line of text starts with an empty space. If it does then returns true
3312: A function that repeats the operation of applying an arbitrary binary operator to its arguments. The number '
3313: This function checks whether the given sides form an equilateral triangle.  It returns true when it
3314: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3315: A function to perform Binary Search on an array of tuples. The first element in each
3316: Defines the function to calculate value of y = 3*f(-0.7694
3317: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same list with all line end characters removed
3318: Convert voltage to degree of the given frequency in radians per second .  The conversion formula is linear
3319: This function takes in four parameters representing RGB color values and returns the lighter version of that given colors by
3320: This function returns the letter grade based on an integer score.  It uses Miller's OR We
3321: Calculates the result of dividing two numbers and returns it as float value .  It is used
3322: A function to check whether or no the given files should be ignored based on their names in an array
3323: Clean and split the given input into separate lines.  Returns list of lists where each sublist is
3324: Returns true when all elements of the first list are present as sublists or any element from second.
3325: Analyze data drifts in the given datasets and returns whether or not there is any detected change .
3326: Convert List of Dictionaries to Dictionary using first dictionary's Keys as the Key and Value from
3327: Implement Fermats Little Theorem. Code to calculate the least common multiple of two numbers using recursion
3328: This function checks whether the player has won by placing three of their pieces in diagonally.
3329: This function takes in two arguments. The first is the number of rows to be added at end and
3330: Convert the coordinates of each polygon to floats.  This function takes an array containing arrays, where
3331: A function that checks whether the given text contains any of specified word/phrase in order from left to
3332: Returns the input string in lowercase or upper case based on boolean value provided to function."  [
3333: Calculates the grants needed to meet requests with weights w and last request indexed by lst .
3334: This function returns the size of an object in bytes. It takes as input volume and converts it
3335: Remove spaces and tabs from the input string.   Inputs : A String of characters to be processed
3336: A function to convert the given number of secodns into hours, minutes and second. The result
3337: This function calculates the optimal chunking factor based on given parameters. It scales down or up to
3338: This function calculates the value of an element in array 'k' at index position given by parameter
3339: Check if two given interval pairs intersect.  If they do then returns True else False .   Input
3340: This function takes two arguments and returns the result of multiplying 'val' by ('ar'-('
3341: Returns the input string with its trailing digits removed. If there are no digit characters at all
3342: Get the nth element of an object. If it's partof graph structure returns its value
3343: This function takes an input string and converts it to lower case, then capitalizes the first letter
3344: Checks if the input section has exactly two elements.  Returns True or False accordingly based on whether
3345: Calculates the velocity of an object at its peak.  Given three parameters - Initial Velocit
3346: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal. Code snippet that converts an input of three
3347: Returns the given dictionary objects with "_desing" and/or"_Cost".  If both are
3348: Convert LandsAt URL to Synced Asset Location Url format .  Converts
3349: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3350: Check whether every character in the input is numerically.  If so, returns true; otherwise false
3351: Remove hyphen from strings within the list of sentences and join them back together with spaces between each word
3352: Count the number of times that an increasing sequence is found in list. The input to function should be
3353: Checks whether the given abbreviation matches with provided string.  If both are empty returns true;
3354: This function is used to get the user id from JWT token.  It's called
3355: Handles the conversion of years to decades. If input is greater than or equal  4 digits
3356: Function to convert string representation of an axes into its numerical equivalent in matplotlib plotting library
3357: Check the uniquenes of digts. 1st parameter is list and returns true or false based
3358: This function rounds the input number to nearest multiple of given 'siz'.e.g.,
3359: Calculates the speed of car in mph.  Inputs are distance traveled and time taken
3360: This function filters out points that are less than the given 'threshold'. It reduces these values by
3361: Convert binary to decimal.  Code is written by using the reverse of inputted string as an integer
3362: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when `
3363: Returns the indices of items with runtime context set to 1 or more .   Code length :3
3364: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' numbers. The first two elements
3365: Returns the URL of YouTube's Channel associated with an inputted video or playlist object, given
3366: Transposes the given list of lists. For example, [[a]] becomes ]. . ,.,
3367: This function calculates the sum of all powers up to 'stop' raised with themselves. It takes
3368: Returns true only when the iterator is empty. Otherwise, it returns false .  Code explanation :
3369: Check whether one rectangle's endpoints overlap with another.  If so returns true; otherwise false
3370: Returns True if the given name refers to an example DAG. False otherwise, considering that .py
3371: Convert the last part of file system paths to filename format  .e..g, /home/
3372: Returns the exit information of an execution.  The dictionary should contain keys "Exit Code" and Ex
3373: This function calculates the ratio of two fractions. The result is then multiplied by three to
3374: Parses the input to either convert it into an integer or floating point number and returns that value
3375: A function that returns the value of an entry from dictionary based on keys. If no valid entries found
3376: A function that joins strings in an iterative manner.  The input is list of Strings and
3377: A function that reverses the order of elements within an object. If it'll be processed further
3378: Calculates the ratio of two vectors.  Returns NaN if dividing by zero is attempted to
3379: A function to solve quadratic equations.  The equation is ax^2+bx+c=0
3380: Merge two sorted lists. If the last element of one array is equal to first elemnts
3381: Returns the page' s content as plain English .   Input : BeautifulSop object and Output Type
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers. If the first number in each pair is greater than or equal to second
3383: Merge two lists into one. If the length of 'source' list is less than that in
3384: Checks whether the input string represents an invalid Social Security Number.  A valid SSN has exactly
3385: Get the user from CNAME record of an FQDN or IP address – returns None
3386: This function calculates the maximum possible sum of an array. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently
3387: This function returns the sizes of all subgrids in reverse order. It uses recursion to tra
3388: This function converts semicolon (;)-separated strings into URL safe format.  It uses
3389: This function recursively gets all input files from the given list of .pyc or *.o
3390: This function calculates the percentage of change in value between two EURO area values.  It takes
3391: Transform the given string into list of strings by removing leading and trailing whitespaces, then splitting
3392: Defines the Sigmoidal function to be used in secureML algorithm, which is an efficient and
3393: A function to calculate the nth Fiboancci Number. The first two numbers are
3394: Convert string to its equivalent of the Hexadecimal representation .  Code is used as an
3395: A function that checks whether two strings are abbreviated versions of each other.  It uses recursion
3396: Convert tangent to sine and vice versa, with special cases handling of negative values in the denomin
3397: This function checks whether the given string is well formed. It uses recursion to solve it by checking
3398: Generates the name of model file based on given parameters – Model Name and Language Code .
3399: Parses the components of an assembly.  The input is in form 'region':'g
3400: Convert RGB color to grayscale.  The function takes an array of three or four numbers representing
3401: Generates the URL to access an endpoint with given method.  This is used in authentication and author
3402: This function checks the first few lines of an .3dviewer file to see whether it is
3403: Update the status of an OS Service.  If 'action' is enable then it enables otherwise dis
3404: Looks up the security Group ID in AWS EC  .   Searches through all Security G
3405: Returns the SCADA RAMP rate of an individual Trading Account. If no such account exists
3406: Find the first occurrence of an element in ascending order within given 'window' size. If no
3407: Computes the log probability density function of Beta distribution with parameters α and μ .   Par
3408: Returns the intersection of two given rectangle boundaries.  If they do not intersect then returns None .
3409: This function calculates the size of each layer in an autoencoder. It takes into account both
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to string.  This function is used in the playbook and it
3411: This function counts the total number of edges present within an array.  It takes as input, one
3412: Returns the list of elements in 'InputList' that match with given value from ‘Filter’
3413: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The base case is
3414: Fixes the city name to match mount names in reports – e..g, 'Montana
3415: Returns the string 'Emotiomnitor' followed by inputted MAC address.  Input
3416: Convert the inputted comma separated list into an array of strings  Code to be used in other functions
3417: This function takes in an RGB value and returns the luminosity of that pixel. It's used to
3418: This function rounds down the given number to its nearest multiple of specified 'factor'.  For example if
3419: Returns the first non null/undefined argument. If all arguments are undefined or empty then returns None .
3420: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3421: Create function to format map keys and values.  Map is used in pandas DataFrame operations,
3422: Returns the value of constant c in terms TDD.   Inputs are temperature difference, returns conversion
3423: Create an Alias function.  Returns the given string as it's already been used or its
3424: Create an italian version of the input text.  For example 'italian' function will convert
3425: Split the dictionary into list of nodes and edges from Neomodel's graph representation .
3426: Merge two sorted lists.  If the first element of one list is less than that in another
3427: A recursive function that generates the zero sequence.  It starts from an input number and keeps reducing
3428: Returns True if the word is between length of two and forty. Otherwise, returns False .   Code
3429: Check if at least one item from the list 'test' exists within string.  If so returns
3430: Toggles the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number. 0 <= pos
3431: Checks if the given operator string represents comparison operation. 1/0 in boolean form, True
3432: Calculates the relation between two values. If both are zero then returns zeros otherwise it calcula
3433: This function takes an app's full domain as input and returns the application’ s shortened version
3434: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It uses recursion and is very efficient
3435: Create an array from the input. If it's string or already contains only one element then returns
3436: This function checks the number of alphabetic characters in each word. It does so by recurs
3437: Generates RGB color based on the position of mouse cursor in an image. The function takes as input
3438: Computes the dot product of two lists. The input is represented as pairs where each pair consists an
3439: Returns all divisor numbers of the input integer.  Code is incomplete and needs to be completed with
3440: A function that removes all vowels from the inputted text and returns it as output."   }
3441: Returns the total number of coefficients needed to represent an equation with given polynomial degrees.  For example if
3442: Clean the 'additionalworkby' from given input string – remove it and strip any leading
3443: Checks whether the given list of strings contains only empty string elements.  If it does, returns
3444: Returns the color as an RGBA tuple in float format from given red green blue alpha values .
3445: Check the input and convert it to seconds or throw an error message in case of invalid inputs .
3446: A function that implements the Quartet Easing Function. It is similar to easein but with an
3447: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3448: Mask an IP address with the given number of leading zeros. This function masks out all
3449: This function takes in two arguments - vector and scalar. It returns the result of multiplying each element
3450: Returns the integer value of parameter based on its percentage. Parameter is divided by ten and then multi
3451: A function to check whether the inputted word or phrase forms palidromic.  It checks
3452: Returns the binary representation of an integer. If input is negative it returns [-inf,-infinity
3453: Calculates the value of C_G*X.  The function calcula...   Inputs
3454: Returns true when the service is either 'mail' or '/'.  Otherwise, returns false .
3455: Returns the string after stripping off leading characters until it matches with given 'prefixed' substring
3456: Limit the coordinates of an array to be within specific bounds, epsilon and in degrees or rad
3457: Checks whether the input string matches one of four cardinal directions.  Returns true or false accordingly .
3458: Convert string to index. The input is the original text and it converts each character into its corresponding
3459: This function swaps the values of three variables. It does not use any additional memory space and has
3460: A recursive function that generates an array of the first 'N' numbers in ascending order.
3461: Split the string into list of substrings based on commas in Python 3 version .
3462: A function to generate the Fibo sequence upto nth term. The first two terms are
3463: Translate the given type of subsets to their corresponding names.  For example, max -> best
3464: Sort the list in ascending order using only 3 different colors. The elements are either 'red
3465: Convert the given list of integers to an integer. The function calculates and returns absolute difference between sums
3466: A function to check whether or no number 'is prime' using the list of known primenumbers
3467: A function that generates the shape of an equilateral triangles. The number in each line is
3468: This function takes in the name as input and returns it with underscores inserted between each word of
3469: A recursive function to calculate the maximum value in an array.  It uses divide and conquer strategy
3470: Augments features with the given method.  If multiple methods are provided it applies them sequentially to
3471: This function takes in the semantic verison of an application and returns it as two separate numbers separated by
3472: This function performs an integer shift to the right.  It takes two parameters - 'n' is
3473: Calculates the minimum temperature between two given temperatures.  Code is used to calculate and compare different days
3474: Returns the first three characters of each server name from given services.  This is used to identify which
3475: Returns the camera target position in world space based on maximum and minimum extenstions of an object
3476: Find all unique pathways from the given starting value with specified number of side values that can be used
3477: This function returns the result of calling gpustat.wait() with duration set to 1
3478: A function to calculate the Latent Heat of Vaporization in Joules per gram at constant
3479: Counts the number of unique lowercase English word in list .  It ignores case and punct
3480: Check whether the given list of author names are part or all from one organization.  If they'
3481: A function to convert an integer or RGB value into its components. If the input isn't valid
3482: This function pads the given list with empty strings to reach length 'mcolumns'.  If input is
3483: Returns the larger of two shapes. If both have equal number static dimensions then returns one with more elements
3484: Returns the high byte of an integer. This function is used to get only one Byte from Integer value
3485: Convert an Event Name to Number, e..g convert 'first follow up' into number  4
3486: A function that takes an array of strings and returns only those which contain all the given characters as lower
3487: This function returns an integer indicating whether the first argument is less than or equal to second. If it
3488: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.   Inputs are in degrees of
3489: Computes the running mean of data.  If previous means are not available or given as input to
3490: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' numbers. The first two elements
3491: Get value from json data by given dictionary and the specified path to it in JSON format .  If
3492: This function filters the detection results based on category id.  It takes in three parameters - 'Det
3493: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion, but it's
3494: Returns True if the given string contains 'install' or any of its variants.  This is used
3495: Return the inputted text as is, but only when it's less than or equal 1
3496: Returns an object that represents the condition to be less than or equal.  The field and its corresponding
3497: Convert input to string. If it's already in the form of strings or lists convert directly;
3498: Returns the URL to access NavItiA API with specific coverage status.  If no parameter is
3499: Split the input into distinct values separated by commas, stripping leading and trailing whitespace
3500: Remove all non numeric characters from the input string and remove leading/trailing whitespaces in one
3501: Calculates the reward based on current state and chosen actions. The negative of product between states is returned
3502: Modify the output of an application.  If 'mod' is set to o then it will
3503: Computes the product of all possible combinations from an array. For example [3].multiply
3504: Computes two probabilities of coin flips.  The first is on A and second one in B
3505: A function that clips the input to be within specified minimum and maximum values.  If value is
3506: Checks if the input number reads same backward as forward.  Returns True or False accordingly .
3507: Compares two strings case insensitive and returns True if they are the same string otherwise False  [
3508: Remove the specified string from each element in an array/list of strings – one at start .
3509: A function that aggregates the string content of an array.  It uses recursion to iteratively
3510: Returns the start of an array or list at given 'row' number. This function is used to
3511: Create an endpoint of the given distance from current position.  The direction is determined by signum function
3512: Convert the first character of each word in string to uppercase, leave others as is .   Code
3513: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit. Code snippet that converts the given
3514: This function pads sequences to the maximum length. If sequence is shorter than specified then it append zeros
3515: Parses GFF3 Attributes string into dictionary .  Input is expected to be gencode
3516: Returns the given file or directory name with its leading slash removed. If it is already absolute,
3517: Generates the URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs on BioConductors website
3518: Checks if the first part of two paths are equal or one's shorter than other by comparing
3519: Remove the .XML extension from file names.  This function checks whether given string ends with '.x
3520: Calculates the Mean Percentual Error between two lists of predictions.  The function takes as
3521: A function to reverse the string. Code is reversing each character of inputted strings in order from
3522: Convert Mile to KM Function   . Code is used in the function of converting mile into kil
3523: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence iteratively. The input is an integer '
3524: Add two signed byte values. Returns the result as an unsigned char value in range [1..=
3525: This function reverses the order of all characters in each word within an input string, but leaves punct
3526: This function determines the phase based on whether or not it contains certain keywords.  It is used to
3527: This function implements the SmoothStep interpolation algorithm. It is used to smoothly transition between two values
3528: A function that performs bitwise XOR operation on two numbers. The result is represented as an ASC
3529: Checks whether the least significant bit of b is set. Returns true when '10' in
3530: Finds all uppercase letters from the given string and returns them as one line separated by commas
3531: Convert string to boolean, with support of yes/YES and true values as well  Summary End
3532: Search the event of users.  [Function]   Parameters : text message . Returns True if
3533: Initializes the grid' s cells with their respective probabilities of being part ∈ { . ,
3534: Calculates the average salary of employees based on their salaries range from 'S' to '.',
3535: Find the smallest number not equal  zero. If all numbers are zeros, returns None .
3536: Count the number of bits in an integer. This function uses bitwise operations to determine how many set
3537: Returns the string representation of number newer than given units.  For example newersThan3D
3538: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is given in python language and
3539: Returns the last element of each sublist.  For example, if you have [[a0 ,
3540: Returns True if the two states are in one row.  Otherwise returns False .   Example :same
3541: Get the information about races that are happening at or after current time and where they will be starting soon
3542: Finds the position of an object in relation to another. Returns true when found and false otherwise;
3543: Returns list of all possible variations on the word 'nothing'.  This is used to check if any
3544: A function to calculate the position of scanners in an array. The input is two parameters; '
3545: Adds two HTML strings together.  This is useful when you want to append new content into an
3546: A function to find the maximum depth of binary tree. The root is at level zero and each subsequent
3547: This function checks whether the given file or files are single GIFTI images. If they aren'
3548: Returns True if the input string is 'Freez' or lowercase version of freeze, False
3549: A function to find the smallest integer greater than or equal of given input. It uses recursion and
3550: Computes the function value of 𝑦=f_(β)(X). The
3551: This function takes an array of four dimensions as its argument and returns the same number or half in depth
3552: Defines the function to generate error messages. This message is used when an exception occurs during
3553: Returns the intersection of two intervals. If one/both endpoints are missing in either input then it
3554: Create an HTML formatted string of the cluster name and its corresponding nodes.  For example "&lt
3555: A function to perform division. If the second argument is zero it returns Zero instead of an error
3556: Checks if the coordinates of an object are within range.  The x coordinate must be between -
3557: Convert GBI to YQTOL.  Converts the given GBI tags into equivalent
3558: This function calculates the radius of an ellipse given two parameters - mass energy and height volume
3559: This function checks whether the given string is either '----' or ‘’. If so,
3560: A function to find the Greatest Common Divisior of two numbers.  It uses Eucl
3561: Returns the list of tups that represent mixture weights. Each tuple contains three elements - "mixure
3562: Returns the input as ASCII characters, removing all non-"ASCii" or "non print
3563: Calculates the output power of an inverter using Gauss's law.  Input parameters are
3564: Generates the directory name based on tile coordinates.  Example usage is "generate('10',
3565: Create dictionary from class to index mapping .  [1pt]   Code snippet/example
3566: A function to convert Air Quality Index values into human readable levels.   Inputs are the raw
3567: Returns the ratios of corresponding elements from two lists. If they are not equal length it raises an error
3568: Check whether the given 'breakCondition' is satisfied.  If it satisfies then returns true otherwise false
3569: A function to perform Binary Search on an array. The search is performed in the range [lo
3570: This function scales the input value from one range to another. It's useful when you want your
3571: Calculates the coefficients of Rayleigh damping factor calculation based on input parameters .  The function
3572: Shift the bits of an integer to right. The number is specified by 'n'. This operation
3573: Returns the rank of an element in singular values. If it is greater than target then returns one plus
3574: A function to convert size in bytes into human readable format.  It rounds the number upto
3575: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. It uses recursion, but it's not
3576: Convert text to list of phrases separated by commas using the Oxford comma formatting rules – e
3577: Returns the result of division operation on each element in given input.  The function takes two arguments -
3578: Returns the value of level multiplied by maximum possible integer. This is used to generate random numbers within
3579: Search the given table to find out whether or not there is any match between scores and types.
3580: Calculates the variance of an array.  The formula used is based on sample size and population mean
3581: Counts the number of unique file links from an array.  The function takes as input one list
3582: truncates the seconds part of given time stamp.   Inputs : Timestamp, Output is Tr
3583: A recursive function to handle the task of firing prints.  It takes in two lists as input
3584: Convert the given triplets into UCSC format.  For example, ('A', 'B
3585: A function to calculate the square of each number upto 'N' and then sums them. The
3586: Convert EC  Reservation ID to instance id .   Input is an ec reservations object, returns
3587: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses absolute difference of
3588: Get SENML JSON record. Returns the value of an attribute in SenML data model based on
3589: Clean column names by removing square brackets.  If the first character is an opening or closing parent
3590: Parse msg id from an object or string input and convert it to integer when possible .  If
3591: Calculates the air density at given temperature and pressure using equation of state model from Rayleigh et
3592: Returns the value of 'cyclically' shifted modulo operation.  The result is between [
3593: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient between two rectangular plates with dimensions A and B in one dimension of space
3594: This function takes an array of line label strings and returns the same list with duplicate entries removed. The
3595: This function is used to set the device in which authentication will be performed.  It can either authentic
3596: Returns the absolute difference between each corresponding pair of colors in two lists.  The result is returned as
3597: This function checks whether the given number is within range of acceptable RGB values. If it's in
3598: Check whether the first and last element of list are equal. If yes, then it is symmetric;
3599: Searching dictionary by key in Python 3 version of the program is done using .get() method
3600: Computes the logistic function of input 'X'. The output is between [a, b]
3601: A function that converts numbers to Fizzy or Buzze. If the number is div
3602: Finish upgrading tar ball install.  This function is used to upgrade the installation of an application from
3603: Merge two sorted lists of integers into one. The function takes as input the list to be merged
3604: Calculates the GINI index of an array.  It calcula...'s at least
3605: This function replaces the first occurrence of one string with another in an inputted list/array .
3606: This function is used to set the initial value of certain types based on their category or subcategory within
3607: Returns the keys that are used to identify links in data.  This is typically ['link', '
3608: Returns 'True' when the input string contains any of given COVID related terms, else returns false or
3609: Returns True if the value is outside of specified range.  Otherwise returns False .   Inputs :
3610: Replace the last part of URLs with given string .  For example , if we have ['
3611: Build an extension string from its base and optional params – separated by semicolons . If no
3612: Wraps the given JavaScript in <SCRIPT TYPE = 'TEXT / JAVASCRIPT'.
3613: Check if the given string starts with "required" .  If it does, returns True else False
3614: Defines function to greet someone by name.  Code is in Spanish and uses the English language as
3615: Returns True if the string starts with specified value; otherwise False .  [END]   Code sn
3616: Defines function to check if number 'x' even. Returns True or False based on whether the
3617: Returns the letter of Excel's AA, AB,..., ZZ. The index starts from zero
3618: Convert the given 3D surface coordinates to LPS. The result is in negative x and y
3619: Parses the output list and returns it as string.  The function joins each element of an
3620: Returns the first part of an IP address as its domain name, e..g., input "1
3621: Returns the result of comparing two numbers.  If one number is less than another then it returns true
3622: Split string into substrings.  The function splits the input on any nonempty character and
3623: This function calculates the maximum length of strings in an input list. It uses recursion to find
3624: A function to check whether the given string s reads same backward as forward.  It uses recursion
3625: A function that calculates the differences between consecutive elements in an oddly shaped list. The first and
3626: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3627: 3 functions to make chocolates. The first function makes small and the second one large ones
3628: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. It uses recursion and memoziation
3629: Update only existing keys from the second dictionary to first one and keep other values as is  Code length
3630: Create OAuth headers.  This function returns the necessary HTTP header to authenticated requests with an API
3631: Check whether the given key exists within an object or not . This function will be used to
3632: This function calculates the asymmetry of an exponential decay model. The parameters are given in terms that
3633: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of multiplying them together.  It is used to
3634: Fixes the length of an inputted TUPLE to be at least 'N' elements long
3635: Convert the input string to HTML title formatting, ie., capitalize first letter of each word
3636: This function returns the filename of an object based on its metallicities and densities.  The output
3637: Returns True when the given string is an HTTP progress indicator, ie., it ends with "k
3638: 返回一个链接规则名称后缀。如果嵌入了清
3639: Convert all non numerical characters to {} in the given input strings, and returns it as output .
3640: A function that returns the sum of ∑i=0^n i*xi, where
3641: This function checks if the given string s reads same backward as forward.  It does so by comparing
3642: This function calculates the dynamic background error of an estimator. It takes three parameters - 'Grow
3643: A function that takes two lists and returns an new one with the elements of both inputted in order
3644: Calculates the mid point index of an array. If length is odd then it returns middle element otherwise
3645: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents individual patient records with 'name
3646: Returns True if the input number is even, False otherwise. This function checks whether or not it'
3647: Convert an arbitrarily nested data structure to linearized form. The function takes as input any type
3648: Convert frequency string to description.  For example, convert 'HR' into hour or daily etc..
3649: A function that prints out the arguments and then returns something specific when called with certain inputs, like an
3650: Reverse the string in alphabetical or numerical orders. If first character is "-", then
3651: Determine if three points are counterclockwise.  The function returns True when the order of their
3652: This function sorts the input list of lists. It uses recursion to flatten and remove duplicates
3653: Returns the list of elements in dict name and 'x' followed by given keyword.  For example
3654: Check whether the given value can be considered as an instance of Float.  This function will check
3655: Calculates the ratio of two numbers.  Code is used to calculate and compare ratios between different shares
3656: Returns the target coordinates based on direction of rotation in degrees 36 clockwise from north . If
3657: Generates an id from the given dictionary. If it exists then returns its value otherwise generates one and
3658: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The first parameter is an integer representing how
3659: Calculates the Harmonic Mean of an array.  The input is expected to be in
3660: Convert negative index to positive. If the value is less than 1 then add 'ndim'
3661: Returns foreign keys from the given string.  If no key provided then returns false . Otherwise it will
3662: A function to calculate the average of two numbers .   [avgs] ...[avs
3663: Create and store the target location.  Parameters are magnitude of earthquake event to be reported on
3664: A function to scale an old range value into new one.  The values are scaled based on the
3665: Convert seconds to samples.  [sr] is the sample rate and n[...]'t conver
3666: Convert the inputted datetime to ISO  format. If length of string is not equal then it returns
3667: Parses the input list of agents and returns them in reverse order, with each agent represented as
3668: Get the IAM role name.  This is used to execute lambda functions on AWS account with
3669: Calculates the area of an equilateral triangles. The formula is base*height/2
3670: Defines the function to calculate cubes of numbers.  Code is used in other functions like square
3671: Returns True if the source object represents an instance of GitHub or Bitbucket.  Otherwise returns
3672: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates .   Input
3673: Calculates the sum of absolute differences between each element and given position.  Code is used to calculate
3674: Defines function to add two lists of numbers.  If the input is not valid an error will
3675: Converts the string from BASH scripting language to Python, reverses it and converbs
3676: Create an instance of the class.  If provided with valid parameters it will create object .   Par
3677: Convert meters per second to kilometers hourly rate .   Code is used in the function of
3678: Get the subnumber of an episode.  [GetSn]   .eoepisode_
3679: A function to check whether or not the inputted integer can be divided evenly by any prime numbers
3680: Convert the name of an unmounted partition to its mounted counterpart.  For example, if you
3681: Create or modify the function to draw lines on an image. The orientation of these can be either top
3682: Flatens the dictionary recursively and returns it as one line of python script .  It checks whether
3683: Returns the ir frame number based on RGB index and total IR frames.  The function calculates how
3684: Returns the radius of an object. If no such property exists it returns None .  [...]
3685: Check whether the given data contains nested keys or not – recursive function to check any level of
3686: This function returns the day with highest value in given dictionary of days and their respective values which is considered
3687: Defines the function to compute scalar product of two vectors.  The input is expected as tup
3688: Check if the input is an even number. If not it returns False else True .   Inputs
3689: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3690: Remaps the given 'Year' to be between [min, max] range. If Year is
3691: This function takes an encrypted text and the number of shifts to be applied as input. It then applies
3692: This function calculates the total times of receiving an alert from each type patient' s records and returns
3693: A recursive function to convert coordinates from one dimension system into another.  The input is two lists
3694: A recursive function to calculate the sum of two numbers. It uses bitwise operations and carries from
3695: Convert Mileage into Feets.   Inputs are in mile, Output is converted from m
3696: Check the duration of each segment in an array. If any segments are shorter than 1/3
3697: Returns the scale factor used in Laplacian noise generation, which is equal to one divided by
3698: This function finds headers within the given list of strings by checking each string against its previous one to see
3699: Counts the number of successful Go and No go trials.  Returns as list with two elements -
3700: This function returns the length of input string.  Code is used to calculate and display number or characters
3701: Compare two SQL statements.  If both lists are empty then returns True otherwise it compares the first
3702: Returns unique elements from the sequence by their IDs.  Code is written to handle sequences of any
3703: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output, but with each string'
3704: Returns the list of operating systems available.  If no OS is provided, it returns default ones ['
3705: Returns whether the given integer represents an appropriate leap second. A common rule in astronomy, known as
3706: Get the id of an object.  [Host] -> ID .   getter method to
3707: Returns the appropriate string based on input 'action' result.  If it is success, returns passed
3708: Check if the JSON data contains "test" key and returns True or false based on it's
3709: Check whether the input value represents an array of remote objects.  This function checks that each element within
3710: Create an object that represents the section of Slacker message.  The input is plain string to be
3711: Determine whether the clock wise movement of an object is allowed. If yes then returns true otherwise
3712: This function takes in an array of strings or tuples where each string represents the beginning with br
3713: This function splits the given data set into two lists based on whether its first element is less than
3714: Returns the index of given coordinates in an array. The function calculates and returns which cell within two
3715: Create an invalid Identifier error.  This function returns the string "InvalidIdentifierError".   The
3716: Returns the ratios of elements in two lists.  If one element is zero then it will raise an
3717: Convert string to floating point number. If the input value can be converted into an integer or decimal then
3718: This function takes in the URL of an image and returns its name without extension .jpg, …
3719: Round the filter values to nearest integer.  If no value is provided then default it back as zero
3720: Convert numbers to ansi j format.   Inputs are two integers and returns the corresponding ANS
3721: Check if the given 'problem' can be solved by using only shapes from "shapes" list
3722: Merge two dictionaries recursively. If one of the inputs isn't dictionary or lists then
3723: This function returns the file type based on its extension or substring of filename .e..g.,
3724: Return an empty string when the input is less than 19 characters. Otherwise, returns original text
3725: Return the datetime representation of an object. If it's not possible to convert, returns original string
3726: A recursive function to generate all possible binary strings of length n.  The first element is '
3727: Returns the dimensions of an array or list. If no argument is given it returns zeroes as default
3728: This function checks the user's guess against their remaining lives. If they are correct it returns full
3729: This function extends the first inputted array with elements from another. It uses recursion to do so
3730: Preprocessing function to clean up stanze text by removing empty spaces and punctuation from the end
3731: This function calculates the relevant part of an equation.  It takes four parameters - two related to
3732: Returns the type of instrument based on given number. If not valid, returns false .   Inputs
3733: Defines the function to set or get text's default character width in pixels based on its desired
3734: Generates the sequence of values used in calculating an approximation to pi using Riemann's Sequential
3735: A function to check whether an integer number 'is power of two' or not. It returns true
3736: Trims leading and trailing whitespace from string values in the given input .  If no argument
3737: Split the input string into expressions.  The function will split on parentheses and ignore everything
3738: 根据给定的路径返回一个字符串，表示该文件或目录属于
3739: Create and manage sockets to communicate with bsdtar.py script in order not only create
3740: A function to compute the cumulative distribution of an array. The input is uniformly distributed on [a
3741: This function calculates the y value given an input of X and returns it.  It uses linear
3742: Convert an integer color value to its equivalent in the form of red, green and blue.  Returns
3743: Returns the height of tree. If no node, returns zero (-> empty). Otherwise it calculates
3744: This function calculates the mean and variance of an input list. It uses recursion to calculate these
3745: Convert one dimensional index to three dimensions grid coordinates.  The function takes four arguments - the two indices
3746: Calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. Code is based on Pythag
3747: Convert list of 3D coordinates to bounding box. The function takes as input the set or
3748: A function to check whether an integer number can be divided by any of the given numbers.  If
3749: Convert an input list of numbers to their linear representation. If the number isn't valid or not
3750: Generates an image UUID based on the VDU and its associated NFV Data Model.
3751: A function that calculates the sum of all multiples between zero and given number. The numbers are
3752: A function to calculate the number of set bits in an integer. This is done by recursively div
3753: Returns the URL of GNOME repository based on package name or source repo url .  If there is only
3754: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion method .   Inputs
3755: Find the number of false predictions.  Code is used to find out how many times an incorrect prediction
3756: Returns the magnified value of two resistors.  Inputs are in ohms and outputs also returned
3757: Convert all spaces in the input string to HTML nbsp entity, useful when embedding into html or
3758: Computes the scalar product of two lists. The input should be in form [xn]. Returns
3759: This function calculates the Beales method of calculating an integral over 3D space using three variables
3760: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3761: Translate from one base system to zero based. This function takes two parameters x and Y which represent
3762: A function to generate an empty or filled Matrix. The number of elements in the row and column are
3763: Calculates the amount of acids in one gram and their respective indices. The calculation is based on
3764: Create grid of given dimensions.  Grid is created by repeating the value '[0].' on
3765: Returns all positions of dots within the grid size defined by input parameters .   Inputs : Two integers
3766: Convert the name of an input, pose or image layer to its corresponding neural network's internal representation
3767: Return the input as dictionary. If not already in form of Dictionary then convert it into one using default
3768: Returns the URL of stock chart data in finVZ format  .   Inputs : Symbol -
3769: Convert the given frequency data to Zero Frequencies. This function takes in an input of type
3770: Returns the sign of number. If input is positive, returns '+', negative '-' and zero
3771: Calculates the modal peak of two peaks in one dimension.  The function takes four parameters each representing
3772: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty then the other will be returned as it'
3773: Returns the number of seconds in given time period. If input value isn't valid then returns zero
3774: Create and write evidence file.  This function creates an instance of the given .NET object in its
3775: This function calculates the average distance between two parallel fringes on an optical system.  The
3776: This function takes an object set of namespaces and returns the schema location as formatted strings separated by spaces
3777: Build the Header of an ad configuration bot with given title and subtile .  The image style
3778: Create Solace endpoint URL from provided solaceserver details.  This function takes in the server'
3779: Check whether the given argument can be considered as unicode string.  This function will check by using
3780: This function returns the path to raw businesses data file of given YELP username in CSV format
3781: Returns True if the given file name does NOT contain "demotest" and starts with 'r
3782: Convert binary seat IDs. The input is the row and column of each passport, where F
3783: A function to add two numbers.  Code is written in Python language and it adds the input parameters
3784: Check whether the parameters exist within given result set  Parameters are checked against all available keys of '
3785: This function returns the fractional part of an inputted decimal. If negative, it will subtract
3786: Convert the given value to uint 3. The result is in binary format with leading zeros removed
3787: This function calculates the similarity between two strings. It counts how many characters of one string are also
3788: Convert binary to decimal. Code snippet provided by the user in string format and returns its equivalent
3789: This function calculates the virtual temperature from given input of Temperature and Mixing ratio .
3790: This function takes the path of an entire directory and returns only its name without any extensions (.txt,.
3791: Returns the file sets used by each set of runs.  This is useful when you want to see
3792: This function calculates the value of C in equation 3.4 from page number . It takes
3793: Determine whether the points are on left of each other.  If they're both in one
3794: This function calculates the coefficients of straight line from two points.  The equation is in form `
3795: This function generates the pyrmids of wire sequences from an input list 'wire'. The number and
3796: Returns the Y coordinate of an element on given 'Board'. If it's out range returns
3797: Remove all digts from the given text.  Code is written in python language and uses recursion
3798: A function that returns the closest number to 'smallest' but not greater than or equal ‘
3799: Filter list of strings by the index and value.  Returns all elements where line at given position matches
3800: This function calculates the amount of money to be paid in each month by compounding an annualized
3801: Check whether two series are equal. If they have the same first element then check rest of them recurs
3802: A function to convert date in Persia format.  Returns the year and Month as integers .
3803: Convert the message to string format.  If there is no third element, it will be converted as
3804: This function capitalizes the first letter of an input string.  It does not modify non strings or
3805: This function calculates the DOPPLER SHIFT of an object. It takes two parameters
3806: Returns the input object's attribute as an absolute nonnegative number. If not valid raises exception "
3807: Converts decimal degrees to hour/minute / second.   Input is in Decimal Degrees
3808: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3809: A function that returns the cube of its input.  Input is cubed in real time,
3810: A function to generate the binary representation of an integer. If required number is more than actual bit count
3811: Check if the given file is one of MINST images or any bad ones from mnsit dataset
3812: This function checks if the given 'variable' is within range of values between min and max.
3813: A function to extract the bit at position 'n' in number. If not valid returns None .
3814: A function that checks whether the given keyword is present in any part of input string – recursive
3815: A function to check whether the given sequence matches with instructions in an array.  If it does not
3816: Create callback data with button type and the associated Category. This function is used to generate unique
3817: Return the first 36 characters of input string, or less than that and with leading/tra
3818: Checks whether the given string can be interpreted as an integer and falls within range of symbols in al
3819: Create an FQRN of the given type and name.  For example 'myProject/
3820: Convert string to boolean value, support 'True', ‘False’ ,'T','F'.
3821: Check whether all characters of the input string are ASCII.  If any character isn't,
3822: Flips the order of names in an array or string, returning last name first and then given/
3823: Create function to copy different types of datasets.  It takes in the original data set and returns its
3824: Get the test node.  If no argument provided, returns false . Otherwise ,returns inputted item
3825: A function to perform linear transformation on 3D points. The input is the parameters of an Aff
3826: This function calculates the DM step size based on given parameters . The formula is derived from Dop
3827: This function takes in an input as the percentage and returns it after being converted to decimal form with precision
3828: This function is used to return the IP address of DUT from given interfaces .  It takes three
3829: Calculates the superficial cubic of an object.   Inputs : float or int, returns super
3830: Returns the verb's indefinite article based on its base form and map of infinitives
3831: Computes the surface temperature from an input of heating flux in W/m^kelvin,
3832: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3833: Returns the list of all point objects that are within or on one side edge rectangle defined by its coordinates
3834: reverses the direction of comparisons in an array.  For example [10,">>",
3835: Get the account id of an AWS Code Pipelines job from its triggering object .  If
3836: Generates the command line arguments to create or update an object in GUID section of XML file using
3837: Convert the given percentage to its equivalent in RGB color space, where values less than zero are mapped as
3838: Calculates the percentage of responses that were classified as 'satisfactory' by CSAcademy
3839: Return True if the HTTP response is considered as an error.  This function will be used to decide
3840: A function that checks whether the input `is an instance of int or floats`. If yes
3841: This function returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to be used in other functions
3842: This function takes in an URL and returns the first part of it as its unique identifier, which is
3843: Evaluates and returns combined validation accuracies.   Parameters :     - beauty inert
3844: A function that returns the Kr�nner product of two vectors. If both input are equal in
3845: This function takes as input the name of an article, and returns it with slashes replaced by unders
3846: This function finds the minimum cost of connecting all nodes in an undirected graph. The input is
3847: Convert given number of ms to hh::mm format.   Input is the total time in MS
3848: Builds the trailer of an object.  This is used to close out any remaining content in HTML
3849: A function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. For example `sumDigit
3850: Clean the name by converting to lower case, removing leading/trailing spaces and splitting into list of
3851: Removes the specified DNS name from known hosts file in ssh connections  .   Input : dn
3852: A function to perform floating point division. If the second number is zero it returns 'zero' as
3853: Implemented function to filter out spaces from string and convert all characters into lowercase using the _
3854: Merge two binary trees into one sorted by their values in ascending order using the maximum value of
3855: Convert MIDI note number to frequency. The formula is derived from the C Major scale, where
3856: Convert HTML img tags to AMP equivalent using the replace function in python 3 .   Code is
3857: Returns True if the current epoch matches or exceeds one of our defined 'Checkpoints'.  This function
3858: Convert binary string to integer.  Code is used in the context of converting from bit strings into integers
3859: A function to perform linear interpolation. It takes two points and the value of an intermediate point as
3860: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB values." --->"   # convert the input
3861: A function that calculates the value of 'faster' recursively. The input is an integer
3862: Code to manipulate the pitch of music. It can either increment or decrement by one octave
3863: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two lists.  The difference is calculated by comparing
3864: Builds query parameters based on the version number.  If length of input is less than four,
3865: Convert the given build and deployment triplets into one line description.  The format is "<tag
3866: This function returns the input as an array of one element. If not already ArrayLike object then it
3867: Returns True if the given object represents an SSL on directives.  [code:]def ssl
3868: This function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm. It returns three values in an array which are equivalent
3869: This function takes in time as an integer and returns the same formatted string. It converts it into
3870: Generates dictionary with target values from n.  The keys are the digits of number 'str
3871: This function takes an array of strings and replaces the first character with "*" around any conson
3872: Returns the URLs that contain any of given keyword.  [1pt]   .easy
3873: This function returns the type of binocularity based on its intensity.   [END] .
3874: Convert the given numerical rating to its string equivalent. 0 is considered as 'terribble',
3875: This function returns the n th term of an arithmetic sequence. The terms are generated by adding '
3876: Returns the number of extra digits needed to make an integer into multiple     less than or equal
3877: Returns the one's complements of an integer or float number provided as argument to function .
3878: This function takes an input DNA sequence and returns its reversed complements. It uses the helper method
3879: Convert Celsius temperature into Farenheight scale using the formula of conversion from cesuis
3880: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The input is the number, and it returns
3881: This function takes in an array of phrases and returns the same output as map but with each string joined
3882: Convert the given logarithmic value into exponential form.  Inputs are in terms of 'b'
3883: This function performs the renormalizing of blocks in an input array by averaging two consecutive elements from
3884: Convert MIDI Note to ANSI Music notation. The input is the number of middle C
3885: A function that generates wave pattern. The input parameters are the current timestamp and its cycle length or duration
3886: A function to calculate the total of all numbers that are part or equal in some way, which can
3887: Combines like coefficients into one.  It takes as input list of tuples where each tuple
3888: This function calculates the cost of painting. It takes two parameters - content and style which are both
3889: Checks whether the given 3x4 grid is valid. A vertical validation checks that each column
3890: This function returns the display name of an object.  It takes in one parameter, which is assumed
3891: Returns the value of one, when input is negative or zero and returns two otherwise .   Inputs
3892: Compose the full name of an entity.  For example "user" and "_id", would
3893: Returns the first 'N' characters of string.  Code is used to rotate or move elements in
3894: Returns the number of points in power spectrum density. The dimension is used to calculate an approximate value based
3895: Returns the eligible Craters from given List of Tuples.  Each tuple contains information about one
3896: Create an object with the given name.  If it exists, returns its value; otherwise creates and
3897: This function calculates the average number of mipsticks per processor on Linux systems using /etc
3898: Returns the position of an element in one dimensional array. If it is at first or last place then
3899: This function takes in an array of commands and returns them as one string with the first command separated by
3900: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius. Code snippet that converts temperature from
3901: Calculates the maximum distance between two points in an array of K elements. The formula is derived from
3902: Open file and read content.  If the path is not valid or if there's an error
3903: Generates the first character of input string, or returns none when no characters are available in case an
3904: Convert the given number into its equivalent “uint” type. If it’s out of range
3905: Normalizes the float value v within range [lower bound , uppper boundary].  This is
3906: Parses an integer into its hundreds and tens place. Returns the two parts as integers in order
3907: Check whether the given input can be considered as an integer number .  If yes then returns True else
3908: This function validates the status of an ongoing transfer. If it's false then raises exception with
3909: A recursive function to get the last element of list.  It's called "hola
3910: Returns True if the given string is private.  This function checks whether or not an identifier starts with
3911: A function that adds two numbers.  Code is written in Python language and it takes as input the
3912: Defines function to add  one. Code is simple and easy on the eyes, but does not
3913: This function calculates the total minutes from an input time in hh mm format. For example,
3914: A function that converts the case of every second character in an input string to uppercase. If
3915: Generates the URL to get map tiles.  Takes in three parameters - format of returned file
3916: Compare two files. If both are present and have the same content then returns true otherwise false  .
3917: Convert byte size to human readable format.  Example usage : print("bytes_to_{}
3918: This function calculates the total value of characters from an input string. The values are based on their
3919: A function to check whether or not the input string s can be rearranged into palin.
3920: Unpacks the first element of each pair in an iterable.  If input isn't
3921: This function takes in an ordered dictionary of term and score pairs. It then renders the top '
3922: Generates unique ids of given length using the alphabetical characters in lowercase only . e
3923: This function creates an array of points that form the corners and edges ​​of rectangle. The coordinates
3924: Counts the fraction of elements that are present at least once from list 'list' and returns it
3925: Split data into three parts based on the comma separator in each line of text file .
3926: Convert the input string into title case, ie., capitalize each word in sentence but leave others
3927: Check whether the given entry exists in database or no  .   Inputs : Database object , Table
3928: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3929: Computes the square of sums from begin to an endpoint. The function is recursive and uses loops
3930: Convert the given input to an appropriate format.  This function will recursively convert nested lists/ t
3931: Compute the flow parameter of an electrical circuit based on its voltage and resistance values .   [...]
3932: A function that checks whether all elements in an array are less than or equal to the given number.
3933: Defines an internal function to check if the input value can be converted into float.  This will
3934: Convert RGB color to HEX string.  " .format() function is used in the conversion process
3935: Computes the edit distance between two sequences. The sequence is represented as an array of characters and each
3936: This function checks the type of connections available based on passwords. It returns an integer value representing how
3937: Generates flakes command to run on the given python script.  This is used in CI/
3938: Convert log levels to colors.  Example usage : print("This is an info message".levels
3939: Returns the corresponding endline character based on an inputted 'FUDGE' parameter. This function
3940: Returns the number of blocks to mine.  The function takes as input an array containing information about different
3941: Compare two strings by their lengths. If they are equal in terms of characters count then returns zero;
3942: A recursive function to flatten nested lists.  It checks whether the input element `is instance
3943: Generates an empty conjunction matrix of size nxn.  Each element is initialized to zero,
3944: This function takes in an input of type float and returns the result by adding one hundred to it.
3945: Finds the first node with matching display Name.  Returns false when no match is found or all
3946: Log out the current user.  If logged in, logs them off and returns to login screen .
3947: Calculates the area of Rhumbuses using their diagonals as input parameters and returns it in
3948: Truncates the inputted strings to specified length. If it exceeds maximum limit then returns original one
3949: Create arguments to be used with the fit function.  If no specific argument exists it returns an empty
3950: Convert non numeric values to string. If the input isn't none or false then it will
3951: Computes the generalized mean of function. The generalised means are used to calculate statistics that can be
3952: Perform one step of back propagation. This function takes as input two parameters - an array 'X
3953: Generates an Edge List from the list of Pathways/SubGraph .   Input : A set
3954: This function takes in an option name and returns the corresponding menu item's label as it appears on
3955: A function that performs list division on two lists of numbers. The result is another one with the same
3956: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same list with all empty string elements
3957: This function formats the time in hh.mm ss .ss or mins, where hours are
3958: Returns the ratio of two numbers. If second number is zero then returns first one as it's
3959: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.   Inputs are in degrees of
3960: This function gives an action based on the given parameters and returns its probability in terms of episodes passed as
3961: Code to fetch the screner type of given input. If it's string then returns
3962: Tokenizes the input string by removing leading and trailing white spaces, then splits it into
3963: A function to display the information of multiple items with their corresponding number or percentage values associated in an array
3964: Generates an URL safe representation of the given IP Address. The function takes in two parameters - '
3965: Returns True if the category is one of 'lt', ‘nl’, ,'no','
3966: A recursive function to concatenates strings in the list. The first string is returned as it'
3967: Counts the number of occupied seats.  Code is used to count all rows and then counts how
3968: Format the given id as "<Resource Type>/.../" .  This function is used to
3969: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3970: A function that checks whether an array of integers in ascending order.  If the input list has
3971: Calculates the controversiality of an event. 1 means no contradiction and less than one indicates
3972: This function returns the value to be used as an initial point of cutting off values. It takes two
3973: Convert the input to an integer or boolean value based on whether it is 'None' , 0
3974: Returns the history of moves made by given computer player on provided game state – list all possible positions
3975: Checks whether the script was run in GUI mode.  Returns true when called from command line,
3976: Returns the alignment of an element based on its horizontal justification value, which is between 1 and
3977: Checks if two numbers are almost equal within ‘epsilon’ or delta epsilon value of each
3978: Create an SQLAlchemy database URI.  This function takes in the type of DB to connect
3979: This function checks if the given word's part of speech is an adjective, verb. 0
3980: Check whether the input string is ASCII or not.  If it's nonASCii
3981: This function checks whether the given day is weekend or not. It returns 'True' when it finds
3982: Check if two fractions are equal.  Returns True or False based on the equality of their values
3983: Check whether the given string is ASCII or not. This function will check each character of
3984: Converts string to bool, with 'True' and ‘False’ values supported as well
3985: Filter out the .git extension from repository names.  This function takes as input one string, checks
3986: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. It uses recursion, but it's not
3987: This function checks whether the input string is decimal or integer. It does so by checking each character in
3988: This function returns the smallest possible number that can be represented as minimum in decimal form when given an input
3989: This function takes in list of strings and returns the joined string. If there is only one element,
3990: Returns the truncated version of input string. If it's longer than specified limit then append an
3991: Returns the status of an Activity. 0 = Success, anything other than zero is considered as Failed
3992: Returns True if the given string 'contains' either of two specific phrases, otherwise False.  This
3993: Determine whether the given number is even and greater than two. If yes, then it's
3994: Convert COAP request/response codes to an integer. This function takes two parameters, the Class and
3995: Convert DNA to RNA by replacing all 't's with U'.  This is done using
3996: Convert list of dictionaries to JSON format.  This function takes as input the data and returns it
3997: Calculates the through fall flux.  If there is enough storage in our tree to cover all of
3998: A function to compute the nth root of an input number using Babylonian method .   Input
3999: Wraps the given string in backticks.  This is useful when sending messages to Sl
4000: Returns the name of an objects skin.  [ObjectName] -> Object Name with _Sk
4001: Validates if the input center point coordinates are integers.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Input
4002: Calculates the minimum of √[a^n/b] where n is between -
4003: Convert the given number of points to pixels. The conversion is done by multiplying with an approximate ratio
4004: This function returns the points along diagonal from one point to another. The direction of movement is determined by
4005: Remove the specified suffix from end of inputted strings in Python 3 .   Code length :1
4006: Remove all whitespaces from the input string.  Code is written in Python language and uses recursion
4007: Defines the function to greet someone by their names.  Code is used in other modules and functions
4008: Convert an UpperCamels to Lower Caml.  If the input is empty, returns nothing .
4009: Wraps the input x around to be within [0..m).  This is equivalent of
4010: Check if the given input is an existing, nonempty list.  Returns True or False accordingly .
4011: Remove the language from python source file names (.py).  If no such name exists then just returns
4012: Convert the given string representation of duration to minutes or seconds based on whether it is in hours, m
4013: A function to calculate the ceiling division of two numbers. If first number is negative then it returns its
4014: This function takes in one parameter, which is expected to be of type datetime and returns the same as
4015: Implement the Lucass Lechner test to check whether an integer is prime.  If it
4016: Returns the name of vocabulary file based on whether to retrieve retweeted twee[…]
4017: Check whether the input object 'is vector or scalar' .  True means it’s an array
4018: Computes the magnitude of an array or vector in Q space using Euclidean norm .   Inputs
4019: This function calculates the padding needed to be applied in order that an image with dimensions specified by '
4020: Calculates the maximum chi square value and its variance.  Inputs are alphabets
4021: This function takes in one argument, ratio and returns the percentage equivalent of that value as rounded to two
4022: Returns whether two parties have the exact name or are in exactly one of their businesses/organizations .
4023: Parses the request string into its component parts and returns only one of two possible components - name
4024: Create an instance of the channel class with given name and type, or None otherwise  Code snip
4025: Preprocesses boolean values. 1 = True; False = > ∅ .   If the
4026: This function is used to send an end of names broadcast.  It prints the sender' name and
4027: This function formats the tracking URI with given parameters.  It is used to create URLs that can
4028: Returns the names of tuple states.  The first element is state count and second one has '_count
4029: Returns the variant id or chrom pos combination of row. If ID is not present then it returns just
4030: Returns the number of elements that are greater than or equal to 'k'  from list.
4031: Code to calculate the summation from nth term onwards. This is done by recursively calling
4032: Convert the given number into its one hot encoding. For example '7' would be converted to ['
4033: A function to find the maximum number in an array.  It uses recursion and dynamic programming approach
4034: Convert the given number of seccond into hour, minute and second format. For example if input is
4035: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
4036: A function that returns 'Fiz' when the input is divisible by three, and also checks
4037: Get the path to WikiConV corpusto download and extract it into memory using year as
4038: Extracting labels from source files.  This function will extract the label information of each file in `
4039: Normalizes the identity of an object.  Returns original string when not applicable or empty otherwise .
4040: Returns color maps based on the input band name in matplotlib's colormap list .
4041: Returns the consensus sequence based on voting. If weights of two sequences are equal then it returns first one
4042: This function takes in list of strings and returns the pass ports as lists. It uses recursion to
4043: Infer combined lens separation.  Inputs are two files and one file with the reference length of
4044: This function calculates the middle point of each bounding box. The input is expected to be list
4045: This function returns the first variable in an observed list. If there is only one element, it simply
4046: A function that calculates the number of ways to climb stairs using one, two or three steps at
4047: This function is used to perform binary image segmentation. It takes two parameters; the output of an initial
4048: Convert string to list using given delimiter or default one space character .  Code is used in
4049: Returns the vector representation of number one in base ten system . The first element is halfway between zero
4050: Get the flow cell name from either sample id or run ID. If not found then use provided default
4051: Convert dots to underscores in the given inputted text  Code snippet used as reference