1: Returns the result of multiplying each element by k.  The list comprehension is used to perform
2: Remove the '**' character from MHC string, if present in it . 	Inputs
3: Check if all files from the given list are already included.  If yes then return true else false
4: Return the appropriate message based on whether or not there is an error.  If no errors, return
5: Convert an email address to RFC 1349 format (.+<.*?>).
6: Returns the position of rightmost set bit in binary representation. If n is zero, returns None as
7: Compute the percentage of ids that are identical between two sequences; compute percentages by comparing
8: Convert hyphenated API names to slash separated format in the format of "api/endpoint
9: Convert HMS to decimal degrees conversion function - takes an input in the format of hour : minute ,
10: Returns the input record with an embedded default value if it doesn't exist in its dictionary, otherwise
11: Get the URL to fetch photos of user's uploaded media on Facebook using an Access Token
12: Defines two functions to separate and return the reversed list of characters in string.  The first
13: Returns the index of its first child in an array. 0 is returned if there are no children
14: Get the primary transcipt of miRRNAs from an inputted mirbase or other databases
15: Filter out duplicates and return list of unique coordinates. 	Inputs : List[List]
16: Calculates the value of an alphanumeric character by adding 3 to it and returns result
17: Combine an array of entities with their corresponding annotation data.  This function is used to merge multiple
18: Calculates the product ratio of two numbers. 	Inputs x and/or Y are required
19: Convert an IP address to decimal format using Python's built in function split() and the conversion of
20: Subtracts the given 'value' from each component of an RGB or HEXA decimal
21: Create and return the given dictionary as an unordered collection of unique items. 	Inputs :
22: Generates the URL to access data from EBI's Gene Expression Omnibus database using
23: Get the value of an attribute from dictionary. If not found return empty string else returns it as str
24: A recursive function to convert nested lists into one dimensional.  It uses the built in Python functions
25: Convert underscores to spaces in string input, useful when generating LaTeX from text data
26: Defines function 'f' that takes an input parameter and returns the value ‘one’.
27: Checks if an object has the correct formatting to be considered as runways visibility data –
28: Builds the Canonic Request string to be used in Amazon Signature Version 4 signing process .
29: Defines function to calculate average of list elements. If the input is an empty array, it returns
30: Check whether the value exists in an existing dictionary.  If it does exist return true else false or
31: Determine the page's main type of contents. 0/None - restructure text,
32: Generates report name based on the input parameters. If no talents or covert string is provided it
33: Calculates the number of partners in an n person group. The formula is used to calculate it based
34: A function that converts an integer to its equivalent in Hexadecimal.  It uses
35: This function checks if images need to be distorted based on the provided parameters.  If any of
36: A recursive function to calculate the value of 'y'th root. The base case is when
37: Convert Human readable sizes to Bytes. P, T , G and M are powers of ten
38: Create database name based on prefix and other parameters. 	Inputs : Prefix , Topolog
39: Checks if the given URL ends with "/". If it does then returns True else return false .
40: Returns the sign of input. If it's zero, returns 'zero'. Otherwise if positive return
41: Returns the line width based on whether it is an RR or not and what kind of goal we
42: Get the URL of an experiment or run from CMS PDMV services based on its unique identifier
43: Return the digit at position 'index' in number N. The index is zero based and
44: Check if all the given key names are present within list.  If any of them isn't
45: Convert the given string into an integer. If it is '.', return 0; if its value
46: Returns True if the number 'x' passed as an argument to function "is even" otherwise False
47: Calculates the VS value from the given voltage and current values using an equation derived by fitting polynomial
48: Apply rewrites to dates.  If no more rewrite is possible then return the original list of
49: This function checks if an Agent's current activity overlaps with the given TimeSpan.  If
50: A function that returns the string with all digts removed.  Code is written in python language and
51: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find max between any number pairs in
52: This function takes an array of urls and returns the same list with each URL truncated to
53: Check if two nodes are connected by either 'B', or the end of one is '.': return
54: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
55: Convert the given input into an item. If it's already in form of one single element or
56: Create an abstract representation of the given binary decision trees.  This function will return either one label or
57: Convert Python day of the week to SQL Server equivalent. Returns next Sunday if today is Saturday or before
58: Computes the signed distance from point to line defined by two points.  The function returns positive if
59: Convert the given numeric input to an equivalent column in 3D grid. If it's
60: A recursive function to calculate the value of chebycheff polynomials. The polynomial is defined as
61: Validates if the input is an alphabet string with more than one character and contains only letters from
62: Compute the maximum nesting level of an arithmetic or logical expressions. The input should be either
63: Split the input string into separate tokens based on whitespaces in Python 3 version of regex module
64: Convert the given string to clickable text in terminal using colors based on its value – brown -
65: This function calculates the value of polynomial equation. The input is given as x and returns corresponding y
66: Convert the given string to an HTML unordered or ordered item. 	Inputs : A single
67: Calculates the number of beateries in an array. The function takes as input one list with
68: Convert binary to integer. 1's are represented as -3 and '0'. The function
69: Convert an Epoch timestamp to milliseconds.	Input -> Timestamp in seconds, Output
70: Convert the given number of cyclic permutations to linear. The input is an array with each element
71: Calculates the Average Marginal Effect of Diagnosis on Adverse Events in an individual'
72: Returns the first name from an Author's details. If no information available returns Anonymouns
73: Returns the command to add or remove loopbacks based on whether vRouter is in present mode.
74: Compare two floating point numbers with an error margin. If the absolute value of their differences is less than
75: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula and offsets provided by
76: Convert time in milliseconds to human readable form, upto one minute or two if less
77: Logs the file and its current state. 	File Name : . Status of File in Current
78: Convert the given P value to its significance string representation – e,g., if you have an
79: Convert the name of an object to its class equivalent in python .  For example, if you have
80: Check if two intervals intersect.  Intervals are represented as tuples of length one with the
81: This function returns the model names based on input paths. It takes as an argument list of filepaths
82: A function that calculates the number of ways to partition 'm' items into different groups such as
83: This function maps two input values to the Gaussian distribution. It takes three parameters - 3 points of
84: Find the indices of all occurrences within list.  Code is written to search string 'x
85: A function that searches an item in the list. It uses recursion to find all occurrences
86: Returns the appropriate fence based on what kind of block is being opened.  If no match, returns
87: Create and return provider details in the required dictionary. 	Format of Provider Details : { "
88: This function takes in two parameters - an initial number and its acceptable error margin. It returns the maximum
89: Check if Elasticsearch shard is successful or not 	Inputs : Response from elastic search
90: A function that generates the sequence of numbers from 9 to n, replacing multiples by "!"
91: Checks if the string s contains only whitespaces.  If so, returns true; otherwise false
92: Calculates the percentage of correct predictions.  Code is used to calculate and return an estimate on how
93: Constrains the given object to be of type 'LATTICE' with specific properties based
94: This function checks if the optimization has stopped based on whether or not it's improving. If improvement
95: Calculates the total of all elements in an array. If list is empty it returns 0 else
96: A function to calculate the Poincare series. It calculates an approximation of e^(-k
97: This function takes in an input string and returns the protein id from it using split operations on different levels
98: Check if the given 'num' parameter in function call. If it doesn’t meet conditions then
99: A recursive function that laces two strings together. If one string is empty it returns the other
100: Code checks if the sum of b and c is greater than or equal to that value stored in variable
101: Returns the result of dividing input by two if it is even, else returns one more than half
102: Returns whether the body is smaller than its container. If it's true then returns one otherwise zero
103: This function returns the maximum sequence of samples. If there are nested lists, it will return total count
104: Check if the given three points are on one side of each other.  If they all lie in
105: Convert string representation of boolean value into actual Python bool.  If the provided argument is not valid,
106: This function takes in string name and returns the .CSV file extension.  For example, if
107: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer using Recursion. The input is assumed as
108: This function checks the user's guessing ability against an actual random integer between 1 and n .
109: Returns the number of items per page if it exists, otherwise returns default value.   [getItems
110: Convert the given parameters into an instance format.  If any of them are missing return 'None'.
111: Get the temporary vApp name. 	Inputs : Template Name, Output -> Temporary
112: Consulta o saldob de uma determinada Conto.	Inputs : Dicion
113: Check if the given string matches either an existing module/ submodules.  If it does then return
114: Returns True if the input number 'x' in evenly divisible by two. Otherwise returns False
115: This function takes an array of rows and returns the values from each individual cells as strings.  It
116: Checks if the given term represents an "is variable" operation. This function checks whether
117: Calculates the total of all positive values from an array.  Code is written to handle empty arrays
118: A function that repeats the given string. If input number isn't positive integer it returns false
119: Filter employees who are older than 18 years old or earn less that $46,9
120: Returns the first non empty string from two input values. If both are null/empty then it returns
121: This function returns the integer that represents whether given number is positive, negative or zero. It uses conditional
122: A function to generate an empty grid of given rows and column. 1's are represented by
123: Finds the maximum sum of any continguious sub array in an input list. The function uses
124: Extracts the two' complement representation of an immediate value. If it is positive, returns as
125: Returns the list of categories in our data.  This function is used to fetch all possible category names
126: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation. 	Inputs : x , float or int;
127: This function takes two lists of URLs as input and returns the list with all uris that are
128: Convert IP address to number.  Inputs are four integers in the range [0..1]
129: This function returns list of tuples where each tuple contains the name and id from given dictionary with
130: This function returns the list of deep learning models that are currently supported by our library.  The returned
131: This function calculates the exponentially decreasing value of Learning Rate.  It is used in training deep
132: This function calculates the square of each number from 0 to 'input' and returns their total
133: Filter out duplicate origination and destination pairs. 	Inputs : List of originations & Dest
134: Convert bed format to string.  This function takes as input the list of lists representing genomic intervals
135: This function calculates the probability of an object being in contact with another when it is at least certain
136: This function returns the input string with an escape sequence to change color of output. 	Example usage
137: Checks if the given list of lists represents an identity matrix. A square/rectangular array where
138: This function is used to filter out the rows with missing values in pandas DataFrame.
139: A function to generate safe filenames from input strings, keeping only alphanumeric characters and
140: This function calculates the value of e^(-sum_{i={}} i/n),
141: Parses the given string to return only its last part after splitting by ":" symbol, which
142: Calculates the received power from an EIRP and other factors. 	Inputs are Energy
143: Returns the active carrirs after adding FFT length to any negative indices. Sorts and removes
144: Calculates the total value of an object distribution based on its weight and price per unit .
145: This function splits the input string into separate entries based on commas and spaces, returning them as
146: Compute the F score of two sets based on their respective precisions & recalls . If either
147: Find local maxima in the given list of temperatures. The function returns their indices along with values at
148: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach n stairs. The person wants at most one
149: Remove the prefix '$metadata.' from each entry in an OData feed, if it exists;
150: Computes the least squares approximation of PDEs using Padé approximants.  The parameters are
151: This function checks if the given 'words' are all correctly spelled. It does so by checking
152: Convert sequence to string representation.  If the input type isn't recognized it throws an error message
153: Divides two numbers. If the second number is ‘zero’ it raises an error message "
154: This function finds the product of odd numbers in pairs from an array/inputted List . The first
155: Check if the given number is within specified range.  Code snippet to be used with other
156: This function divides two numbers. If the second number is not equal to Zero it returns
157: Removes special characters from the string – only alphanumeric & space are allowed in it
158: A recursion function to retrieve nested dictionary values by chaining keys in the form of list .
159: This function generates the answer to be sent by server. It checks each character of input string against characters
160: Checks if one set of elements are subset/subsets.  If the value'set contains
161: This function divides the input string into chunks of given size. If division is not possible then
162: Computes the total of all unique elements in list l. 	Inputs : List, Output
163: Returns the color based on given numerical grade, 0 to .1 or -> not applicable <
164: Multiply two numbers.  Code is written in Python language and it takes as input the parameters
165: Propagates signs of two or more numbers. If they both have negatives then it raises an
166: Returns the verb to be used when describing workflow's current state.  If it is completed or
167: Returns the product of two values. 	Inputs : Value Proportionality and Ratio
168: This function takes in dictionary of links and removes the user key from it, returning only data values .
169: This function takes two lists of integers as input and returns the product matrix.  The first element is
170: 根据湿度返回一个描述。如果在正常范围内，则为“OK”
171: This function converts string flags to booleans, with 'True' if the input is one
172: Replace all occurrences of 'Search' with the given value in inputted strings or raise
173: Return True when the class is either Property/ Gene. If it'is not then return False .
174: Convert the input to an enumeration type based on its lowercase representation or return provided as 'default
175: Convert dBW to Watt. Converstion factor is power of ten base two . Ex
176: Flatens the nested lists into one single level, using recursion to handle any depth of nesting
177: Remove spaces from the string and add hyphens between each word in it, then return resultant modified
178: Returns the highest value from list of numbers excluding certain specified ones. If no such number exists return
179: Returns the values of specified column from matrix. 	Inputs : Matrix and Column number to be
180: Remove all digits from the string "str".  Return result as str without any digit in it
181: Calculates the mobility of an agent in terms per unit time spent on each state and direction given its
182: A function that picks an item from the given 'item's which ends with specified '.txt'.
183: This function splits the input string into vectors of floats, treating each element as an independent float
184: Split an integer into its digits. Returns two integers representing the quotient and remainder of division
185: Normalizes the input to be either an absolute path or filename string if it's not already one
186: Calculates the standard deviation of two numbers using their pegs as weights and returns it in one
187: This function splits the input string into two parts based on comma and returns second part as floating point
188: Insert zeros at the beginning of each word in an array.  For example, if you
189: Get user agent from HTTP header meta data – returns the User Agent string if available in headers otherwise
190: Get the path to UKB sumstat file based on whether it's male and female combined data
191: A function that checks if the first element of two lists are equal. If they're both empty
192: Merge two strings. If 'append' is False then return the second string else merge them together
193: Check if point is inside rectangle. 	Inputs : Rectangle as list of four elements
194: This function returns all upper case letters in the given string. It uses recursion to find these characters
195: This function formats the years into strings. If they are less than 4 digits long it adds
196: Calculates and returns percentage of correct predictions.  If lists are not equal in size it raises an
197: Calculates the distance between two points in terms of their longitude and latitudes using Haversine
198: Returns the state of each boolean value. If it is enabled, returns 'state' otherwise return ''
199: Returns the dequantization version of input variable name.  For example, if given 'a
200: A function that divides two numbers and handles edge cases such as division by zero or very small values
201: This function divides an input list into chunks of the specified length. The last remaining element in
202: Sorts Fully Qualified Domain Names based on the first part of domain name and second parts
203: Check if the given string matches with http or https protocol in URLs – returns True/False
204: Defines the order of dataframe column names in an SQL query result set .  This function is
205: Decodes the condition of an event. Returns integer value based on input string, if not recognized returns
206: This function calculates the number of trials needed to achieve an accuracy rate. It takes two parameters -
207: This function returns the string representation of an object.  The format is '{object}' . It
208: A function that takes an integer and list of elements. It returns the first 'N' items from
209: Generates an URL friendly string from the input name by converting spaces to underscores and making it
210: Defines the Rectified Linear Unit activation function. It returns x if it is positive and
211: Sanitation function to replace non alphanumeric characters with the provided character or string in python
212: Convert the given number in Second to Um Time format. For example convert from second into day and
213: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Function. 	Inputs : Output from previous
214: Returns the value of pixel intensity at given percentage from black to white in grayscale image processing .
215: Check if the inputted text has any non whitespace characters, return true or false accordingly –
216: This function calculates the variance of white Gaussian Noise. It takes two parameters SNR and e
217: 返回一个连接字符串。根据后端类型，生成相应的数据库
218: This function returns the number of people in an 'old' group based on their ages. The oldest
219: Flattern the inputted nested lists into one dimension.  For example, given [[a],[[
220: Checks if the file is in cmy format or not .  Returns True/False accordingly..
221: Validates if the input is of type string and not empty. If it's an invalid value
222: A function to return the abbreviation of course type.  If not recognized, returns original input as
223: This function scales the input number between two given ranges.  It does so by subtracting and then
224: Calculates the derivative of function f at point [a b] in direction [-dx dy].
225: Convert the inputted strings to their ordinal values.  For example 'abc' would return [
226: Calculates the intersection over union of two bounding boxes. The function takes as input four coordinates defining
227: This function returns the total number of dataset in each category. It is used to check if there are
228: Compute the number of fans in each dimension.  If there is only one dimensional array it returns
229: This function takes in two parameters - an object and its name as input which returns the shape of that
230: Convert the given duration in seconds to steps, assuming that one step is equal length of .NET tim
231: Translate the coordinates of an amino acid sequences. The function takes as input two integers representing start
232: Calculates the ratio of two magnitudes in Flux magnitude system using their difference as exponent .
233: A function that pads the start of strings with zeroes.  If one string is empty or shorter
234: Update the given list of options based on whether or no one is present.  If there are adults
235: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is checked and error raised if it
236: This function calculates the step size to be used in numerical integration based on an inputted derivative of
237: A recursive function to calculate the total of all numbers from 'a' through and including an arbitrary
238: Check if two rectangles overlap.  If they do not intersect then return false else true .
239: Finds the common neuron ID'S between two lists.  Returns these as another set of
240: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with given radius 'r'.	Inputs :
241: Increment all elements in the list.  Returns new modified List .   Code length :30
242: Extracts passports from the given list of strings.  The input is assumed to be in
243: Convert hours and minues to decimal format in the day's progression from midnight till now .
244: Generates all possible subsets of size 'k' from the given list. 0 <= K <
245: Convert datetime to ISO 8601 format.	Inputs : date object or string,
246: Validates the given AIX account Beacons configurations.  If it's valid then returns
247: Adds article to the beginning of names that start with vowels.  If not, adds an
248: This function returns the sign of input number. If it's positive, return '+', if
249: Returns the two's complement of an integer. If input is positive or zero then returns same number
250: Get the first value from dictionary of json objects – used to extract single values in case there are
251: Create an inverted version of the input list. The output is another array with elements at positions corresponding
252: Get the user's input and return appropriate response. 	Input - Command name, Output =
253: This function divides nodes into three categories based on their relationship with the other set of given snapshot'
254: Adds the given scalars to each element of vector.  Returns new list with results . Example
255: Returns an abbreviated message type based on inputted identifiers, if they are valid legacy messages types
256: A function to check if an integer number 'is prime' or composite. It uses the Sieve
257: Calculates the Dynamic Thermal Power from Pin and Outdoor temperature. The formula is derived by
258: Returns the colors of stars based on their effective temperatures. 1 = blue, white = 4/
259: Convert the given data type to pandar's equivalent.  For example, convert 'i8
260: Compare two strings case insensitive  Code is used to check if the given inputted Strings are
261: Returns the string representation of an integer or float number that is greater than, equal to , less
262: Remove 'PID' from the given input strings if it exists, else return original text unchanged
263: Create an experiment description. 	Args : Experiments's arguments . Returns the created descriptive
264: This function generates the segment ids of input sequence based on given maximum length and separator "sep
265: Convert an integer to IPv four address string.	Inputs and Output : {0, ->
266: This function takes an array of two elements as input and returns the first element followed by 'st',
267: Defines and calculates the total value from five numbers. – Example usage -> print("
268: A function to convert coder's value into an integer. The number of variables is determined by
269: Join the name and its corresponding tag with an underscore character (_). 	Example usage : "
270: Defines an if statement. – Code to define the structure of one line conditional statements in Python
271: Subtracts two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector .   Example :subvector
272: This function takes in an array of arrays and joins them into one string with the characters * between each
273: This function takes in an array of physics skimmed data and returns the string representation.  If
274: A function to retrieve the value of an attribute from given list/dictionary. If not found in
275: Validates if an id exists in Google Cloud Dataset API or local file system ... .
276: Convert memory size from Bytes to Megabyte.	Inputs : int or float, Output
277: Calculates the sum of squares from one to 'n' using recursion. The function takes four
278: Find the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers less than or equal to given number.
279: This function returns the new position after moving in given directions.  It takes four arguments x and Y
280: Returns the drink based on profession inputted by user, if not found returns beer as default value .
281: Remove the specified trailing characters from end of input strings if they exist in given list/array .
282: Checks if two strings are alphabets/numbers with optional prefixes '_' &
283: Create list of lists from the input. Each sublists is taken according to their size specified
284: Returns the middle index of an array or string when its length is odd, and returns two elements in
285: Convert an integer to its corresponding English word. For example, the input of 'ord' is converted
286: Create an empty matrix with the given number of 'row's by specifying each column. The
287: Recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor algorithm.  The function takes four lists as input
288: Check if the given version number represents an existing module. 1/0 or True / False .
289: Convert an image from the srgb color space to yco_cie dct coordinates .
290: reverses the order of two elements in list.  # Code to reverse an array or string element
291: A function that prints out verses from "Nine九" song upto given number in recurs
292: Returns the first element of list if it exists, else returns an empty array.  If there is
293: Returns the probability of running exactly once in 'N' runs. The function is used to calculate how
294: Calculates the Intersecting Area Ratio between two boxes. The intersection area is calculated by finding
295: Parse Conda package dependencies into components and return them as list of strings or default string if not
296: Calculates the Effective Fragment Length of Proteins based on read lengths .  The score
297: This function validates the input language and returns True if it is one of English, French or Hind
298: Parses string to boolean value, returns False if the input is either empty or 'False',
299: Get email address from the given dictionary or nested dictionaries. If not found, return an empty string
300: A dynamic programming solution to the KnapSACK problem. It uses recursion and memoization
301: Returns the input if it is not empty or none. Otherwise, returns 'Nothing'.  Code sn
302: Convert MIDI note number to chromatic scale. The result is the closest possible representation of pitch
303: Returns the last bit of an URL, or 'default' if there is no trailing slash
304: Calculates the derivative of Drum Reactive Energy with respect to beta and angle parameters in terms dr
305: A function to check if the number given as input 'is' an integer and it checks whether or
306: This function calculates the square of each element in an inputted array and then sums them up.
307: A recursive function that generates an array of parent elements. The number is the count to generate from
308: This function takes two arguments - 'marker' and the text to be wrapped. It returns an
309: Check if two lists are equivalent in terms of dictionary order. If both list have the same length but
310: Calculates the time constant of an exponentially weighted moving average filter with given parameters . -->
311: This function takes as input an dictionary of parameters and returns the same dict but with all values changed by
312: Check if the given number is divisible by another.  Returns true or false depending on whether it
313: Returns the cache control header string. 	Parameters : int -> The maximum age of object in
314: Checks if an element has the tag "<P>". -->" .
315: This function calculates the hash of an string by adding up ASCII values.  It's
316: Convert indices from the global coordinate system to local in matrix form. This is used when we have an
317: Check if the input dictionary contains all necessary keys.  If it doesn't then print an error
318: Calculates the percentage error between two arrays or lists of numbers and returns it as an output in percent
319: Defines an function to create underscored versions of the input string.  The output is one
320: This function splits the given string into an array of nominal values based on comma delimiter,
321: Check if the year increment is valid. --> If it's not equal or less
322: Reads requirements from the given .py files and returns them in list format or an empty array when
323: Checks if the input string represents an ISO 963 date. The format of dates in
324: Tokenizes the input string into individual tokens or terms, typically called "tokens".
325: This is the name of an instance method that gets called by another class or object to get its own
326: This function calculates the average of all coordinates within given list.  It is used to calculate new
327: Check if the first two characters of an identifier are "LC".  Returns true when it finds such
328: Count the number of ones in binary representation. Code is used to calculate how many bits are set as
329: Set default rating. 	Parameters : id of the user or group and its respective role . Returns
330: Decide whether to send or receive data based on the value of 't' and current state.
331: Validates if the given environment variables exists. 	Inputs : Variable name and list of
332: Adds column to the end of an adjacent matrix.  Returns new number rows in updated Matrix .
333: Remove the class attribute from dictionary if it exists, else do nothing and return original dict – [
334: Counts the number of times given character appears in string . The function is case insensitive and does
335: Get the URL of an object in SageMaker'S ‘BLOB’ format from
336: Create mask of ones in binary format from input string representation .	Inputs : str -> Output
337: Convert seconds to Julian days, taking into account leap years and the fact that one day is approximately
338: Calculates the knudson's one way speed.  If given zero denominator it raises an
339: This function calculates the spectral index of two frequencies.  The formula is used to calculate it based
340: Finds the first occurrence of 'target' in list. If found returns its index else return -
341: Parses the given string to extract and return its corresponding assembly language instruction or None if it is
342: Learning rate schedule function based on the number of training iterations done so far in an iterative learning process
343: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
344: Refactor the given extent values into one dimension.  This function takes in four parameters - two sets
345: Convert ListOperation to Pythonic way. If the input is not None, return it as
346: This function pads an integer with zeros to the left if it is less than limit. Otherwise returns
347: This function takes three arguments and returns the string after 'offset' lines before it starts with "prefix
348: Subtraction of two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector where each element is obtained by
349: Check if there are duplicate preference values.  If so, return true; otherwise false . This function
350: This function takes an attribute string and formats it to be more human readable by replacing underscores
351: Convert the category id to string. 1 - Mobile,  3048796
352: This function translates the origin of an axis to be at 0. It does so by subt
353: Unsets the specified 'n'th Bit in binary representation of an integer. 0 <= n
354: Compute the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in varints. The result is used as
355: Recaliates the number by adding or subtracting certain numbers based on its remainder when divided with six
356: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the given string or list of strings, if any; otherwise
357: Returns the last 'l' characters of string v. If length is less than or equal to
358: This function takes in an input path and replaces all slashes with dots, then returns the modified
359: Returns the learning rate decay factor at given number of training iterations, based on how many have passed since
360: This function returns the seat id of given row and coloumn. The first two characters represent rows
361: This function checks if the round number equals to zero. If it does then returns true else return false
362: Looks up the value of field at given position.  If not found returns None .
363: Returns the growth rate of an object at given 'Level' in LEJA. The first Level
364: A recursive function to calculate the total of all numbers from one upto 'N'.   [
365: Returns the length of list. If input is an empty array, returns zero . Otherwise it adds one
366: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points.  The function takes in as input an array
367: Returns the value of HUBA in volts at given input Volts, if it is greater than
368: A recursive function that adds up all the elements in an input list. The base case is when
369: Check if the number of command line argument is correct.  If not, print an error message and
370: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It uses recursion to find common elements between
371: This function checks whether two lists are similar. It compares the first elements of both list and then
372: Unsets the bit at position 'position' in binary representation of given number. 0 is considered
373: A function that takes 3 movies as input and returns them in the order they were given.
374: Calculates precision. If false positives are zero then returns one else return true positive rate of the
375: Convert an ElementTree Node to string representation if it exists, else return false . 	Inputs
376: Return the name of an OCP library. This function is used to generate names that are
377: This function takes an input string and replacess underscores with spaces, then removes leading whites
378: Get the abbreviated path of sub repository.  If length is more than or equal to two hundred
379: Implement Huffmann coding. This function will implement the algorithm to encode and decode data using
380: This function determines whether the array is even, half of it's elements are zero or if all
381: Return the number of blocks needed to cover all pixels in an image. If there is no
382: Reverse the order of nodes. 	Inputs : Graph as adjacency list,
383: This function takes as input the dictionary of all locations on map and returns them formatted into tuples
384: Returns the inversion of  v.	Inputs : List or Tuple . Output is an
385: Check if the given filename ends with certain pattern.  If it does then return true else false or
386: Returns the elements that are present only on one side of an equality comparison.  This is useful when
387: Convert MEL scale to herz frequency range using linear interpolation method – ```python .
388: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is written in Python language and
389: This function takes two arguments and returns the result of multiplying them by each other. The first argument
390: This function returns the same values on all sides of an input. 	Input -> Output Example
391: Counts the number of times an item appears within list. – Code is used to find out
392: A function that returns the list of all distinct elements from an input.  It uses recursion to
393: Compute cosine of angle phi between two vectors.	Input parameters : dx , dy .
394: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format using python function .convert the input of second into hour and
395: This function calculates the value of an unknown variable based on its domain and range in terms that are
396: Check if the given URI uses secure transport protocol ie., starts with "http" / https".
397: Find and return the display representation of one or more virtual hosts.  If no such host is found
398: A function that squares all the elements in an input list. The recursive approach is used to solve
399: Flatens the nested lists.  Code uses recursion to flaten any nesting level of depth
400: Convert input to integer if possible; otherwise raise error message with the given value as argument .  If
401: This function takes an index and another list as input. It returns the element at that position in each
402: This function calculates the precision and recall from counts of true positives/negatives in each category
403: Remove specified dictionary entries by sublists.  This function is used to delete the elements of an input
404: Builds command to generate coverage report in json format using check contents plugin of sonarqube server
405: Perform right shift operation on the given value by 'n' places 	Example usage :r
406: Converts the given Quat to rotation matrix. The input is assumed as [X , Y
407: Compare two paths and return true if they are the same path with different starting point; otherwise false is
408: Checks if the string input contains valid parentheses pairs.  If it does contain any invalid
409: Returns the unique elements of an input array. 	Inputs : l -> List[Any
410: This function calculates the errors in two points. It takes as input parameters 'a' and
411: A recursive function to reverse the digits of an integer. The input is reversed in place
412: Convert names to crates and vice versa, replacing illegal characters with underscores –
413: A function that returns the maximum of three numbers.  If two or more are equal it will return
414: This function takes an URL as input and returns the base name of that file/tile id from
415: A function to return the reversed string. The helper recursively builds up an array of ASCII
416: Returns the input capitalized if it is longer than one character, otherwise returns its lowercase version .
417: Find the first occurrence of character in string. If not found return "-". Return index if char is
418: Convert Farenheight to CELSIUS.	Inputs : Temperature in degrees FARE
419: Returns True if the given filename matches one of our whiteliisted files, False otherwise 	False
420: Convert string to MAC address. The input is hexadecimal representation of the mac addr and output
421: Validates the format of an MSISDN number, and returns it in different formats if possible
422: Convert string input into character.  If the length of argument is not one, it raises an error
423: Checks if the string contains "{" and "%". If so, it is parametric; otherwise
424: A recursive function to flattern nested lists.  It uses the built in functions of Python like
425: A function that calculates the number of times an integer appears in list. Code is used to count
426: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is rounded to two decimal places and then
427: periodic function that takes three parameters i ,limit and adds the value of 'add'
428: A linear scan function that returns the index of first occurrence. If not found return -ve value .
429: Builds an object reference list. 	Input : List of Object references, Output -> String
430: This function calculates the sum of squares from n to m. It is used in calculating sums and
431: This function returns the string passed as an argument prefixed with '<-- '. It is used to
432: This function checks if the file extension of filename matches .py.  If it does, then returns
433: Convert the input to either 'YES' or ‘NO’. If it is true/
434: This function returns the size of an image that is at least as large and maintains its aspect ratio.
435: Multiply two numbers together with an extra factor of 'x'.	Example usage :_mult
436: Convert the given string to dot notation format of java classes and methods names .  For example, if
437: Returns the result of mixing two strings. The first string is mixed with another one using an additional parameter
438: Compute the similarity between two fragments of text. The function takes as input both strings to compare their
439: Computes the Mean Squared Error between two time sorted arrays with missing values by normalizing
440: Apply the function to each item in list. 	Inputs -> List of Items and
441: Calculates the probability of an event based on its likelihood. If it is true, returns half otherwise
442: Finds the indices of channels to be excluded from analysis – based on names provided by user input
443: Returns the position of left neighbour in grid. If it is out, returns None .	Inputs
444: Prepare the cost and convert it to USD. 	Inputs : Cost in any type of
445: This function checks if the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking
446: Convert the given string to utf – encoding and back again, using latin -   one as
447: Checks if the character at position 'index' in string `str` isn’t escaped.
448: A function to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and backtr
449: Trim leading zeros from the string. If only one character, return “+”/
450: This function returns the most common digit among two given columns of binary data . If both are equal it
451: A function to validate an enumeration.  If the given input does not match any of those values
452: A function that checks if the server needs to have an available and/or inactivated cats.
453: This function returns the larger of two numbers.  If both are equal it will return one value only
454: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on time.  The coefficients are given as
455: Find the absolute minimum in an array. Returns two values - smallest number and its index of first occurrence
456: Rotates the input 90 degrees clockwise. The function takes as an argument, and returns
457: Inserts the number into an array at its middle position. If length of input list is even then
458: Returns the unit step function. It returns one if input is greater than zero and zeros otherwise .
459: Returns true if the point is within given distance of any feature in geometry. The function uses ST Ge
460: Blend two datasets using the union of their elements as blending function .  The result is an
461: This function checks if the comparison value 'T' compares less than or equal to threshold of reference
462: A function that returns the conjunction of two boolean values. If both inputs are true or false it will
463: Checks if the given row/column indices are valid on an 8x8 chess board
464: Convert seconds to human readable format. For example, convert it from "1 minute" or just
465: This function joins lines of multiple input files into one line using the specified join character between each file’
466: This function takes four lists of images and two numbers as input. It returns the concatenated list with
467: This function is used to adjust the Learning Rate based on Epochs in an Iterative Training process
468: Binary search on sorted data. If the element is not found return its position where it would be
469: Fetches the details of GPU type from Google Cloud Platform API using project id and model name .
470: Returns the output size of convolution operation.  The input is in channel dimension and it's used
471: Convert strings into numbers. If the input can be converted directly then it returns that value otherwise raises an
472: Check if the configuration of all given 'n' Joint objects respects their limits.  If not
473: This function returns the time it takes to acquire an attribute from session. It is used in
474: Parses the graduation year from given string format of 'mm/yy' or just an
475: Convert centimeters to nautical miles, given the distance in meters as input parameter 'M
476: Calculates the False Positive Rate. If total number of true negatives and falsely positives
477: Check if the image ratio matches with given monitors' aspect ratios and print out an appropriate message based on
478: Scales the input vector by given factor and offset. If no factors are provided it returns original values
479: Replace characters in string at given position.  If the new character is longer than existing one then
480: Returns the XOR of two lists. The function takes as input 3 list and returns another one
481: Calculates the slope of each frame falling below its predecessor, and returns an array with these values
482: Get the full ARM id of an existing Public IP address in Azure 	ARMs subscription and
483: This function is used to extract terms from the input lines based on their type and return them in list
484: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal. 	" }__init__(self, rgb
485: Check if two intervals overlap.  If they do then return True else False .   Interval is
486: Removes the common English Stop Words from list of Terms.  This function takes two parameters -
487: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return false . 	Input : str ->
488: This function calculates the average length of all nonempty tokens found within given input string, ignoring
489: Computes the partial trace of an elementwise operation. The function takes as input parameters 'D'
490: A recursive function to calculate the sum of all numbers from one upto 'N'. The base
491: A function that calculates the squares of sums from one to given number. The result is then returned
492: Get the permission string of given open stack user or group by its name, if not exist return null
493: Remove grid cells from the given list.  If 'skip' is provided then it will ignore those
494: Returns the name of an individual's group based on their ethnicity and sex.  The function
495: Generates an adapted name based on the given parameters.  The function takes in three arguments; '
496: This function computes the optimal number of items to distribute among different group. It returns two values -
497: This function returns the numeric score of cards in Blackjack game, where A is an equal to
498: A function that quotes values according SQL syntax.  It can handle strings and boolean types as well integer
499: A slow implementation of the function to calculate 'A' in "The Elements" by Peano
500: Checks if the file name is valid.  It should return True only when it's neither
501: Counts the number of instances that 'X' or ‘O’ appears on given game field
502: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
503: Returns the name of content type based on its position in list. 0 is Post, and so
504: Remove the specified 'prefixed' subpart from start of input strings in list or single element case
505: Returns the sign of an element. If it's negative, returns '-1'. Else if
506: This function checks if there are three or more consecutive cells with the same value on each line. If
507: Check if the given object is of type Port.  If it's None, return False;
508: This function translates the tag to an integer value used in machine learning model training and prediction tasks,
509: Reads and yields the contents of multiple files concurrently using multiprocessing – one
510: return 'FirefoX'			else if pub_filedir in [pub\_
511: This function splits the input string into keywords and prints them out one by oneline  . It
512: Convert argument to method name by replacing "--" with _ .  For example, if the input is
513: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of 4 points to form an axis aligned rectangle.
514: A function to calculate the "Acker" or recursive version of Fibonacci.
515: Convert Snakes case string into Pascale Case – convert the given input in lowercase and split
516: Return an error string when bad channel mask is received. This function will be called whenever the
517: Check if the given string contains 'send' or clean up.  If so, return True else
518: Interpolates the function defined by given 'coefficient's.  If "time range [
519: Code to replace prefixes of the EPC global Business Step vocabularies with https:/
520: Generates lifoever path to the requested gnomAD genome assembly file  . The returned
521: Generates an appropriate string based on the provided 'Status' and returns it. 1 represents success
522: This function converts pressure from pascal to hectopascale, given as input in the form
523: Calculates the length of strings from two lists based on their lengths divided by total number; returns fraction
524: Explodes all elements of the list. If an element exists within another, it will be removed from
525: Remove units from the end of string if it is either '"' and/or '.oz.' .
526: Convert the enum to string. If it's one of three specific enums then return corresponding value
527: Multiply an expression by integer. If the value is one or zero it returns original result otherwise
528: Returns the first key in node's dictionary, or none if there is no such thing as an
529: Convert the given string representation of an integer to date format. If it's 3 digits
530: Computes the derivative of scalar division operation with respect to x or output value . If both inputs are
531: Convert coordinates from Cartesian to Cylindrical. 	Inputs : List of tup
532: Format the page numbers. If input string then return it as output else if array of integers convert to
533: Convert numbers to floats or return the input if not number. 1st level of conversion from
534: This function takes an input string and returns the same text but with all spaces removed, then converted into
535: This function finds the indices of duplicate elements and their parents within list with duplicated values .  It
536: Check if the given filename has an .yml or yml suffix and return True/False accordingly
537: This function toggles between two states based on the source value and whether or nor measurement has been triggered
538: Convert RGB color to string. 	Inputs : rgb -> tuple of three integers in
539: This function checks if two strings are Anagrams of each other or Not by comparing the characters in
540: Convert RGB to ACI standard color space using the LAB conversion method of CIELabToXY
541: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same list with each string capitalized,
542: 获取当前请求的路径信息。 -->"GET /api/v1/"
543: Convert density from kg/cm^3 to g cm³. If the input is in gr
544: Returns the given identifier wrapped in backtick quotes, replacing any existing ` with `` to avoid esc
545: Compute the beizer curve at parameter value 't'. The points are defined by four parameters.
546: Convert Horse Power to power.	Inputs : int, Output -> float . Converts
547: Computes the average of non none values in an array.  If all inputs are null or undefined
548: A function to calculate the Area of Trapezoids using bases and heights as input parameters .
549: This function sets the dimension of an optimization or simulation. It takes as parameter 'problem' which can
550: This function returns the level of agreement between two groups based on their Kappas, which is an
551: Convert temperature from hass to celsius. Code is used in home assistant integration with the sensor component
552: Learning rate schedule function that decreases the learning rates over time, starting with small and then increases gradually to
553: A function that returns the name and score of students who have achieved 98 or more. If
554: Parses the given string into its components.  If it'll be parsed as an I
555: This function calculates the dihedrals of airline tickets. The formula is derived from an
556: This function checks if the given URL is related to an ORACC project on either PENN
557: Convert string to pair of integers  Code length = 36 characters   .   `defstrto
558: This function finds common elements between two lists. It uses recursion to traverse both inputted arrays
559: This function checks if the sum of two grades is equal to their average.  If not it returns
560: This function is used to determine the syllabification of English pronouns. It takes two parameters
561: Change the status of an Action object to given value – .changeActionStatus() function changes current
562: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid'
563: Returns the path to use as storage backend.  If device is true, returns /mnt/.one
564: Compute the total width of lines. If input segments are lists or tuples containing integers representing
565: Finds the number of unique pairs that sum to 'target'.  The input array is sorted with
566: Create an index of the waveform data. This function will create and return one single integer that represents
567: Returns the input as uppercase. 	Inputs : A String . Output - The First character
568: Check if the given string is one of flex alignment keywords.  Returns True or False accordingly .
569: Adds two vectors.  Returns the result as another vector .   Example : add([4 ,
570: Generates random numbers with uniform distribution. 	Inputs : Scalar k and constant C .
571: Find the minimum value in list of numbers using builtin function . The result is printed out on console
572: Convert an identifier to integer representation in the form of two parts separated by '-'.  If input already
573: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase.  If there is no such char, return
574: Returns the value of each variable from an input list, as if they were all defined at once and
575: Converts an integer string to its equivalent list of integers, where each digit is separated by comm
576: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with given semi axes in meters and centimet
577: Returns the extension of an image file based on its input type. If it's not found then
578: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find out which number is greater between
579: Finds the position of each nucleotide at which an SNP can be inserted to maintain sequence
580: Save the current user’ questions and provide feedback on their status – if they have any stored then
581: This function calculates the mean and variance of an input list/arrays' elements .  It
582: A function to calculate the Factoria of an integer. It uses recursion method . If input is
583: This function takes in the names of files and returns their latest version number as an integer .  For
584: A function to find the maximum level of parentheses in an input string. The depth is measured
585: Defines the Rectified Linear Unit activation function. It returns zero if input is less than
586: This function calculates the non central moment of an array. It takes three parameters - 'Mean
587: Remove zip or bazel files from filenames in the given list of file names, if
588: Create unique id based on the region of interest in cities and states"  }}}}}} . }}
589: This function returns the number of digitis in x and 	y added together. It is used
590: Removes all line breaks from the given string of comments or text, replacing them with nothing (" ")
591: Normalizes the input string by replacing double quotes with single ones and triple dots to spaces, respectively."
592: Skip the execution of __main___ method. This function is used to determine if an
593: Returns the number of distinct elements in an array. The function takes three parameters which are used to slice
594: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclidean algorithm which
595: Determine if two friends have common birthday.  If they do return true else false . The function
596: Calculates the True Negative Rate. If both true negatives and false positives are zero then
597: Convert MEL scale value to herz using Mel frequency cepstral coefficients . The input can
598: Translate the string to html entities, useful when saving in database or sending over network  .
599: Format the key and its corresponding optionally formatted string. If no formatting required return an empty String
600: Returns the best action to take in order of increasing window size with respecting an upper limit on actions
601: Convert hexadecimal value to float. If the input is not valid, return None . Otherwise
602: Computes the scale factor to be used in Kernel PCA based on number of points/dimensions
603: This function takes in an input of type tuple and returns the string representation “x versions” where
604: Create an object with the key as its value. This function is used to create future objects
605: Remove the first line of non-"!" characters from string input "." 	Input -> Output
606: Calculates the density of an atom given its atomic number and coordinates. The function uses polynomial interpolation
607: Create URLs based on the type of data to be fetched from NOAO or COP
608: Returns the first character of an abbreviated form. If no initials are present in given names then
609: Implement linear interpolation. 	Inputs : two numbers and one number to be inserted between
610: This function checks if the required column names are present and returns only those which exist. If any missing
611: Check if two numbers are equally divisible.  If they can be divided without remainder then return true
612: Returns the precedences of operators. The higher number means lower priority in an expression evaluation process, i
613: Returns the size of recording region in machine time steps. 1 byte = 8 bits . The function
614: Get the type of an experiment deletion .  If it is not deleted, raise error else return
615: Finds the first occurrence of module in PCB Line List. Returns its Index if found else returns false
616: Map response description. 	Inputs -> Response object, Output => String of the form '
617: A function that checks if the given string is equal to another one after some transformations. If it
618: This function calculates the number of hexagons in an equilateral triangle. The formula is
619: Generates layer names. If no specific suffix is provided then it generates the default one else creates custom
620: This function takes an IPv6 address and returns the reverse of it as string formatting in dotted notation
621: Returns the invalid values from given 'allowed' numbers. 	Inputs : List of TICK
622: 检查一个数是否是三角形数字。如果这个和等于某个值，
623: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers.  If first number is less than second then
624: This function takes in an array of tuples and returns the first elements from each tuple. If
625: Remap the arguments to remove leading '@' character.  If first argument starts with @ then
626: Insert new lines in the given text. The function will add one character of break after each n
627: This function takes in two parameters - an array of elements and the element to be extracted. It returns
628: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return False .  If the input is None ,
629: This function returns the names of two output files that will be created by merging an input audio and
630: This function checks if the given string contains any mathematical expressions. It does so by checking each character in
631: Flatens the given nested lists into one dimension.  For example, if input is [[1],
632: Convert the given number of degrees and minutes into seconds. The result is rounded off with respecting minute
633: Returns the appropriate suffix to append based on whether or not 'x' is greater than 1.
634: Counts the number of items in list that are bigger than given value. 	Input ->
635: Returns the string with spaces inserted before each character in input. If no characters are present,
636: Get value by the given 'Key' in list of Pair.  If not found return null
637: Convert Farenheight to Celcuis using the formula of conversion from Celsuus .
638: Defines function to check if the inputted text/string can be rearranged into palid
639: A function to calculate the nth number in an arithmetic sequence. The first term is always zero
640: Format float number to string with “e” notation, e means scientific notations like in Java
641: Validates the probability. If it's not between [o ,   .9] return error
642: This function finds the largest Prime Factor of an inputted integer using recursion and memoization
643: Check if the first character of input string "text" represents an ampersand.  If it
644: Calculates the Cumulative Sentiment Index of an entity. The sentiment index is calculated as per
645: Returns the DSA Consts. If no constanst are provided return default values else returns them
646: Calculates and returns angle difference between two angles in degrees . The function takes as input parameters both of
647: This function loops through all the components and returns those that have dependencies on other already processed ones –
648: This function calculates the number of frames in an audio clip.  It takes three parameters; '
649: This function returns the syntactical role of an Entity. It assign weights to different roles and
650: Moves the elements of two lists in parallel. The first element from each pair is added and then
651: Calculates the equation of line given two points.  If inputs aren't valid number return error
652: Filter the data based on coverage of queries in an array – if length is more than one and
653: This function checks if two reactants and products are crossing the spin axis of an ion exchange reaction network
654: Remove all newline characters from the given string of input, returning only nonempty lines as output .
655: Returns the sum of three elements in 𝑋. The first two are multiplied together
656: This function is used to generate the command that will be sent over UART.  It takes three
657: Set the id and its associated data types. This function is used to map an ID with corresponding
658: Compare two items based on their number part of the name in alphabetical order . e..g
659: Returns True if the absolute difference between to_BeCompares and value passed as argument falls within
660: This function calculates the prices of products at different levels based on their original cost and an array with
661: This function returns the given user’s username after escaping special characters.  It replaces unders
662: Returns the header of an object.  The display name and unit are returned as partofthe output
663: This function returns the remaining files after moving specified ones.  It uses recursion to find out which
664: Generates hyperlinks. 	Inputs : Label and URL . Returns the formatted string as "[
665: Finds the first even index of an array. If no such number exists return "-".  Code
666: This function checks if all the elements in an input list are alphapets or not by comparing
667: This function maps the given string to its corresponding question type.  It is used in conjunction with other
668: This function checks if the given card suit string matches one of four standard suits.  It returns True
669: Tests if the bit at position 'off' in an integer is set. This function
670: Adds metadata to the start of markdown files using docsify.js' docuSA
671: Check if the given object represents 'done processing sections' in some way.  This function returns true
672: Generates an HTML list of links with the given title and format string to create URLs from arguments
673: Get metadata from row, remove guid and rec ids if they exist . 	Input : Row
674: Returns the binary representation of an integer. If input is less than two, returns zero; otherwise -
675: Computes the modulus of multiplication. This function computs A*B and then takes
676: This function returns the opposite of given input.  It takes in one argument, which is assumed to
677: Returns the plural form of each element within an input list. 	Input - List[str],
678: Parses the input string into list of parameters separated by spaces, returns them as separate elements within
679: Get the last part of an AWS SNS Topic ARN, which is equivalent to its name
680: Returns the label dummys goal. If an instance receives it as either Integer then returns its value
681: Preprocessing the text data to be used in machine learning models – cleaning, normalizing and token
682: Calculates the angle of an object's dip in degrees. The result is between [18
683: Convert the given string into list of lines, where each element is split by new Line character "\r
684: Convert Quad Key to BING Maps API URL  .  	Inputs : A string
685: Returns the corresponding arithmetic operator based on opcodes 0 and/or +/- . For
686: Strip leading arguments that are either --help, -h , – i / m . and
687: This function calculates the DBOT Score based on given scores. The higher, more points are
688: Calculates the ratio of two numbers and returns their square root as output  .  	Inputs
689: A function to solve the knapSACK problem using dynamic programming. It uses memoization and
690: This function returns the index of model with highest value. If all models are equally good, it will
691: This function reads the corpuses from files. It is used to load data into memory and then process
692: Normalises the input string to be used as file paths by replacing "." and replace with underscore
693: Generates the mapping table name. 	Inputs domainTable, Output is string of form "_
694: Checks if two numbers have the same parity. If they do return True else False .
695: Set the value to none if list is empty.  Otherwise, return original data .  	Type
696: Constrains the value within given range. 	Inputs : Value to be constrained , Min
697: Check if one rectangle overlaps with another.  Returns True or False . If the two rectangular regions
698: Returns the list of each element raised to power 'p' from input vector.  For example if
699: This function returns the gender of an individual based on their input. If male, it will return '
700: Convert attribute to predicate.  e,g., 'name' -> hasName .
701: Merge two dictionary objects.  If the same keys exist between both dictobjects they
702: Return the extension of library files. If 'True' then return '.dll', else
703: This function calculates the grayscale value of an RGB color by applying weights to its components and
704: Converts the given string to C identifier format by replacing special characters with underscores and converting
705: A function that applies the Soft Thresholding operation. The threshold value is given by 'lmb
706: Check if the user input contains only valid characters, including alphanumeric symbols - _ , .
707: Split and strip the input strings, returning them as lists of cleaned up values .  This function
708: This function returns the commands that are available to be used with git.  It takes as input an
709: Parses boolean value from parameter string, returns false if not recognized as valid bool or int values
710: Convert frames to milliseconds Code:.	Input : num of frame and the fps . Output
711: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to input. If there's no
712: Finds the first capital character after an optional given 'offset' position from start of string or later
713: Convert temperature from one unit of measurement into another using the formulae K = C+ or F =
714: 3 functions that return true if the strategy is basic, normal or perfect. Otherwise returns false .
715: Convert the given number to its equivalent in Fractional form.  If no data is provided return
716: Convert CD to uHZ.	Inputs : frequency in centi decimals . Output
717: Implement CRC calculation. Code is based on the polynomial and initial value of crctable used
718: Get the minimum domain name from an array of domains.  If no valid domai names are found
719: Modify the inputted 'launcher's name to indicate whether it was run from Paa
720: Returns the dimensionalities of data in column. If it's an array or nested lists then returns
721: Checks if the file name ends with an extension. If it does, returns True; otherwise false
722: Decrements the GPIO Pin Index by one. If it's out of range then raises an
723: Returns the color of pixel at position specified by coordinates. If outside bounds return black (#ffffff).
724: A simple function that returns the weight of an object based on its size in relation to another, with
725: This function checks if the two input arrays are equal. If they're not it returns an array
726: Calculates the temperature rise and loss on surface of an object with given operating point & its size in
727: This function returns the time slot number based on which AM or PM it is. If not valid,
728: Simply adds the two numbers together. This function takes in x and returns its value plus one more
729: Detect the language of an OpenGL shader.  If it's CUDO, return
730: This function merges all the lists in one single line. It uses recursion to do so,
731: return the unique value from an array of values.  The function will keep track on which elements it
732: This function masks the given part of string with lower case letters. If no masking is needed
733: Convert gp/m to lb per s^n, where n is the number of persons
734: Calculates the Hammings distance between two DNA sequences. If lengths are different or one of them
735: Convert the input string into n grams. If length of str is divisible by five, return
736: Normalizes the input string to lowercase and removes punctuation.  If an optional parameter is provided
737: Convert the given analog or alternate modulation to its string representation.  If unrecognized modes are
738: This function returns the path to an attached file based on problem number in pset formatting, i
739: Returns True if the string is empty, else returns it. 	Returns false otherwise .   If
740: This function takes an input of type 'Edge' and returns the parent index along with its label as
741: Returns the two dimensions of an array as if they were in portrait mode.  If one dimension is
742: This function takes in an array of strings, checks if the first string starts with 'remove' or
743: Convert RDFA predicate to readability formatting style – e..g., "Title"
744: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. The input is expected in the format #RRG
745: Count the number of pairs with equal rights. If it's impossible to count such numbers, return
746: Convert underscore separated string to all caps  Code is used in a function that takes an input of
747: This function calculates the sequence of wires in relation to an "initial" one. It takes into
748: Parses the size of an object from its string representation in format 'width x height'. If
749: Default value of missing values.  A function that returns the provided argument if it's not none
750: Check if the given IP address belongs to link local IPv4 addresses range 10.* or fe
751: This function calculates average of first elements from each input list.  It is used to calculate mean
752: A function that calculates the exponentiation of an integer using iteratively. It uses recursion to
753: Counts the number of rooms that are at least as far away from any room. 	Input
754: A function to calculate the power of an integer in O((logn)) time. It uses binary
755: Returns the given string repeated 'times' times. If number is ‘one’ it returns that
756: A function that returns the first element of tuple if it exists. If not exist then return false or
757: Adds two vectors elementwise. 	Input -> Output [10]	[
758: A function to return the smallest integer greater than or equal of input number which is also powers. The
759: Check if the candidate is present as an overlap with any of other rows.  If so return true
760: Generates station codes from the given dictionary. 	Inputs : Station Dictionary, Output ->
761: Checks if the given number 'is' power of two or not . Returns True/False accordingly
762: Check if the current user has required roles.  If not return false else true .   The function
763: This function checks if the given keyword is one of Python's builtin keywords. If it
764: Computes the product of all elements in an array. If empty, returns null; if not only
765: A function to calculate the length of name. If input is an empty string, it returns zero else
766: Returns the prefix of an object in relation to its parent's namespace if it starts with '.'
767: Validates the type and returns it if its correct. Else, raises an error with all possible
768: Calculates the square distance between two points.  Points are represented as tuples of x
769: Combine the first names of all members in an array into one string. The result is separated by
770: A function that returns the products of all other elements in an array. The result is calculated by multip
771: A function that converts string inputs to booleans and vice versa . If the input isn
772: Find the second occurrence of target in inputted strings. If not found return "-". Code is case
773: Calculates the ZOO I value based on animal size and returns it as an array of values
774: Checks if the given number in an even or not. If it's divisible by two
775: This function returns the value of 'None' if it is one or more fields that are not present
776: A simple tokenization function that splits the input string into individual tokens based on whitespace characters,
777: Sanity check if the input id string can be converted to an integer. If it's empty
778: Parses the URLs and returns two neighbors of each url in list format – one from
779: Convert the given numerically formatted string to seconds. If no unit is specified, return as it was
780: Split the list of id'd elements into groups based on their 'splitId'.  If
781: Clean the filename by replacing spaces, parentheses and other special characters with underscores or d
782: Convert an input list of numbers into string. 	Inputs : [10 ,34
783: This function takes in an email address and returns the username part of it, stripping any leading or
784: Calculates the leverage ratio needed to achieve maximum margin. The higher, better is your risk tolerance and
785: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and
786: This function takes in genBank formatted information and an integer to specify the level of depth that each
787: Removes links with no valid reference to the months.  This function takes in an array of t
788: This function checks if the given value is true.  It returns either 'True' when it receives
789: This function returns the appropriate filename based on user inputted string, which can be either 'Crypt
790: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was read from left to
791: This function takes in an array of numbers and returns the same output as padding but without leading zeros
792: Finds the end index of an array. If it'll be 6 elements long then returns
793: A function to limit the range of values. – [1] .clamps an input within
794: Checks if the given string/list of characters forms palidromic sequence. A single character
795: Remove the private attribute name from an object.  This function takes two parameters - 'attribute' and
796: A function that returns the first item of an input list or tuple if it's only element present
797: Get the target to install.  If no specific versions are specified then return just package names else returns
798: Look up an AWS SNS Topical by name or ARN – returns the Amazon Resource Name
799: A function to find prime factors of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization technique where
800: Returns the sequencer technology used by given simulation software.  If no such information is available it raises
801: Create and return new Transaction object. 		    .  	.    	    }}}}}} }}
802: Delete characters from the end of given strings in Python using recursion and list comprehensions .
803: Generates string representation of the given list.  The output is one line per element with elements separated
804: This function calculates the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule over time, with some initial
805: A function that sums the digitis of an integer. It uses recurssion to calculate it .
806: This function returns the difference between two lists. It works by comparing each element of first input with second
807: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and
808: Returns the appropriate log formater based on given level of detail. 1 = basic,  0
809: This function checks if the input sequence is within its maximum length. If it'isn’t
810: Returns whether the string starts with two double underscores.  This is used to ignore comments in
811: Cross product of two 4D vectors. This function takes in the coordinates as input and returns
812: This function returns the label of stream based on sample rate and number channel.  It is used to
813: Remove leading spaces from each string in the list of lines, if they exist at all; otherwise return
814: Calculates the  distance between two points in three dimensions using Euclidean norm . --->
815: Check if the given string starts with '==>'.  If it does, return True; otherwise
816: Calculates the square of each element in an array.  Returns total value as resultant output from
817: Converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input isn't valid it throws error
818: "Map status to the given commands" . …. } ...} else if type ==
819: Mark the given keyword in each document of an array with its frequency count from provided list . If no
820: Counts the number of whitespaces present within input string 'myStr'.  This function is used
821: Convert MB to KB. Code is used in the function of converting memory size from megabytes
822: Get the base part of an application's major and minor versions, or 1 if there is
823: Convert string to boolean, with 'True' if the input is one of ['Y', ‘
824: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the text inputted by user . ...	def
825: Transform the data from one format to another using dictionary comprehension and return it as transformed dict .
826: Convert temperature from one scale of measurement into another using the formulae provided by WHO's website
827: Convert KODIE formatting to ASCII text in Python scripting language – Remove all the
828: Calculates the lone pair correlation constant based on given parameters of atomistic system and its radius cut
829: This function generates SQL conditions based on the input list of column names. If no condition is needed,
830: This function takes an input string and converts it into PIG Latin, ie translating each
831: 3 events that trigger the creation of an issue, fork or merge event. Code is triggered by
832: Flatens the given input into one dimension.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists, and
833: Calculates the number of overlaps between two sets. The overlap is calculated as half or more than
834: Convert register range to binary. Code is recursive and uses divide by power of two method with
835: Convert the number of inputted day into seconds. The function takes in one argument, which is expected
836: 3D collision detection. Check if two cubes are colliding in three dimensions using the left
837: Returns the points of circle with center at given coordinates and specified radii.  The function takes two
838: Finds and returns the header lines of an HTML document or web page using BeautifulSoup library
839: A function to check if an integer number 'is prime' or not. It uses caching mechanism
840: Compute the scalar product of two vectors.  Returns result as single number .   Inputs are
841: Convert list of tuples with dates and habbits into mark down format .  For example [
842: This function swaps the http and https schemes in an URL string, returning either 'HTTPS
843: Check if an object represents 'Auto' or ‘automatic’ value; returns true when the
844: Returns the result of subtracting each element in second list from corresponding elements at same position on first.
845: This function checks if the first element of an XML string starts with "</>" which indicates
846: Get the plain text value from an object. If it exists, return its string representation; otherwise returns
847: Appends an element to the end of given sequence.  If no input provided then it returns
848: Return only the object's field names. This function filters out non string values from input
849: Calculates the relative difference between two values in terms of their weights and bias factors – used to
850: This function takes in three arguments. The first is the input string to be padded or trimmed
851: Removes sequentially identical elements from the list.  For example, given input `[[3],
852: Sanitation function to convert markup into plain format using regex and markdowndown parser .
853: A recursive function to solve the Tower of HANOI problem. The number `N`
854: Compute the score of each player in turn. The winner is determined by comparing their cards to other
855: This function returns the data needed to create an SOA record in DNS zone file format .  It
856: Generates the name of an FFUZZER module. 	Inputs : A string
857: This function converts the keys of an object into their corresponding paths as strings, then returns them all
858: Sanity check the resource names in an array of strings, replacing '-' with '_'.  This
859: Find the key from given list that exists within provided dictionaries and returns it if found else raises an
860: Converts three coordinates into triangular indices. 3D to trilinear index mapping
861: Reads the file at given relative or absolute path and returns its content as string if it exists;
862: Returns the cases of keyword in different formats . Example : "kw" -> ["
863: Get the id of an authenticated or anonymous User from data dictionary .  If not found return none
864: Returns the larger of two numbers.  Code snippet to find out which number is greater between
865: A function to generate an amount of spaces according the level. If it's zero then return as
866: Check if the input dictionary contains single alert format. 1st level keys are 'alerts',
867: Expand the bound box veritcally by given amount. 	Inputs : Bounding Box
868: Returns the list of features that can currently support by trading.  The function is used to determine which
869: Compensates the frequency of each value by applying different factors to it based on its position and type
870: Computes all squares in the given range.  Code is written to be reusable and easy
871: A function to return non null values.  If the input parameter "Value" has no valid data
872: This function inverts the order of characters within an input string. 	Inputs : A
873: This function scales down the given dimension by dividing it with provided 'scale' factor. If no
874: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This is equivalent to counting how many ones are present
875: Decodes the message by replacing all backslashes (\\) with newlines ("\n").
876: This function takes an input list of integers and returns the same output, but with each element squaring
877: “describe” the given value of 'Humidify' function. Returns one out
878: Convert the given list of integers to ansi color codes.	Inputs : List[int]
879: This function calculates the margin of error in meters. It takes as input an integer representing some ge
880: This function takes in two parameters - an RGB value and the Gamma correction factor. It returns new
881: Returns the mask of bits with length 'n' that is used to represent an integer. For example
882: Create soft link from src to dest – os module in python .   #1047
883: Round the number to nearest multiple of given integer. If negative then return -rounded value else positive
884: Returns true if the number is divisible by eight, otherwise false. If it's not an
885: Converts an ASCII representation of the input to its binary equivalent, then reverses it and
886: This function takes an array of edges and converts it into the corresponding nodes. It uses recursion
887: Checks if the number n can be rearranged to form an integer that reads same backward as
888: Compare two versions. If the first version is less than second return '-1', if they are equal
889: Convert string into an HTTP URI format if possible; otherwise return the original input as it isn’t
890: This function takes in an array of numbers and returns the bitwise OR operation result. It is used
891: Convert the major part of an integer to its equivalent in string format, and return it as result .
892: Get names of all users in the given list, separated by commas and joined with comma .
893: This function returns the value of 'b' when called with any integer input. It is used to
894: Checks if the given string represents an IPv6 shorhand form of IP address, ie
895: This function takes in one string and returns two substrings. The first substring is the middle of
896: Convert the given input to boolean. If it is 'true', return true, if not then false
897: Calculates the difference between each cell and its minimum value.  Returns total of these differences as result
898: Calculates the error of an accuracy value. This function checks if ACC inputted by
899: Convert the input string to CammelCase format using underscore as separator  . e g "
900: Calculates the reading rate per minute. The function takes three arguments - number of events to be counted
901: Calculates the single class classification accuracy. 	Inputs : Correct Classification Count and Total
902: Returns the runs of D and m/d values in an expression statistic.  [10
903: Get the schema version of an Android Manifests.  [get_android/manifext
904: This function takes an atom or bond list as string and returns it into the form of python lists if
905: Calculates the number of tricks needed to win. 1 trick is equal tp one card draw
906: Convert string to integer. 1'0'->3, 'A'/64 ->
907: This function calculates the number of layers in an array. It is based on binary exponentiation and
908: This function calculates the estimated value of an input pair based on its position and another list's
909: Counts the number of zeros within each subarray.  Code is used to count how many
910: Convert the given value to string. If it’s true or false then return as such otherwise raise
911: Convert the given string to an integer in base two.	Inputs : str -> Output type
912: This function removes duplicates from an array. It uses recursion to handle nested lists and keeps track
913: Format the given list of numbers in Roman numerals. If there is no number, return an empty
914: A function to calculate the squared value of an input. 	Inputs : number, returns
915: A function that takes in two arguments - the first is an array of strings and second one represents how
916: Returns the header namespace of an object or its parent if it is not in one, otherwise returns None
917: Get the IP address of server from given location. If not found then return parent's ip else
918: Check if two lists are equal.  If one list is zero length the function returns false else it
919: Calculates the area of one pixel in square meters.	Inputs : resolution -> The horizontal
920: Returns whether the time is within specified range or not in terms of percentage form . e g., if
921: Computes the Walliser's Product using recursion and iteration methods."} {code=
922: A simple function that checks if the input number is zero. If it's not, then calls
923: A function that skips duplicate keys.  It checks if the current key is already present and only
924: This function implements the Bregmann Map algorithm. It is used to compute an optimal transport map between
925: Decodes the data from an Apertures byte. Returns frequency stop value in Hz .   [
926: Check if the input is valid. If not, print an error message and exit program execution .
927: Clean the data by removing leading and trailing whitespace from each element in an array of strings or
928: Convert the given string to ISO 8601 format if it's not already, otherwise
929: Returns the regular expression that matches any string which is immediately preceded by 'follows' and then
930: Calculates the constant probability of Deutsh–Josba algorithm. It returns an estimate based
931: This function rounds the input to its nearest integer value using Python's built in math library functions,
932: A function that returns the appropriate language version of 'hello' based on input.  If no match
933: Convert eCalendar Course Code to Standard Format – Compulsory Courses only . Returns the
934: Check if the given number 'is' power of two. Code checks whether an integer has only one
935: Assembles the coordinate object. 	Inputs : x , y and z coordinates of point in
936: Check if the given file name does NOT contain 'doc' or test'. This function will
937: Returns the predictions as boolean values based on given thresholds. If prediction is greater than or equal
938: Returns the value of input plus 3.	Inputs are integers or floats, returns an
939: Returns the list of unique GUIDs associated with each element within an inputted FRACTURE
940: Calculates the average of two numbers with an increasing count. If 'n' is one then returns
941: This function calculates the total of all digtis in years. It uses recursion to calculate it
942: Builds the URL to view about page of given user on Facebook' basic profile interface .
943: Returns the smallest common multiple of two numbers. If they are equal return that number itself else returns zero
944: A function to locate an object in nested data structure. It uses recursion and depth first search algorithm
945: Multiply two vectors elementwise. If one of the input vector is empty it returns an output
946: A function that prints the number passed to it.  It's called 'Worker'.
947: Defines an amplitude of 1. Amp is the value to be added on top and it
948: Unwrapping function or method.  If the input is an object, it will return its underlying
949: Adds one to the input. 	Input -> Output  0, +3,-4
950: Returns the reaction name of an atom. 	Inputs : compound -> str, returns string
951: Convert speed from kilometers per hour to meters/second.	Inputs : Speed in K
952: Returns the logical "OR" of two conditions. If either one evaluates as true then it returns
953: Returns the line style string based on input. “line”, Dash or Dashed dot etc
954: This function checks if two numbers have the same number of significant figures up to specified precision .  If
955: Returns the type of an astronomical body given its id. The function is used to identify different
956: Returns the string representation of an inputted Phone number. 	Inputs : A String representing either
957: This function takes an input string of the form 'PREFIXED'-'NUMBER'. It conver
958: Convert lat/long from degree to radian.	Inputs : float or list of floats
959: Check if there're ANY dictionary matches the given 'matching criteria'. If yes then return
960: Get the minimum follower ratio based on user id. Code is used to fetch data from database and
961: Delete notifications from the given name.  Returns new notification List after deletion of specific user's
962: Convert string to boolean value using python 3 syntax .   Code is used in converting strings like '
963: Returns an empty list if the number of clics is even. Otherwise returns values from provided option array
964: Returns the item in 'items' closest to given number.  Sorted by absolute difference from input
965: Returns the bandwidth of data in bits per second. The formula is derived from speed = bitrate/
966: Defines function to return the minimum & maximum of an integer array. If input is empty returns error
967: Computes the moving average using closed form solution. 	Inputs : i ,alpha . Output
968: Calculates the Rayligne's Z function. 	Input parameters are two numbers representing
969: Returns the smallest and largest x & y coordinates of two points.  This is used to create bound
970: Returns the longest string from list of strings. If there are multiple such longests, returns all those
971: Change state based on the number of neighbors that are true. 0 or more than two neighbours
972: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. If one of them is empty or
973: Finds the missing number from an unsorted integer list. If all numbers are present then returns zero
974: Check if an array contains any of the specified elements.  If so return True else False .
975: Calculates the margin of error in boilers. The function takes two arguments representing approximate and real
976: This function retrieves user id and name from the given dictionary.  It is used to identify users
977: Convert an object into integer if possible; otherwise return zero . If the input can be converted from string
978: Returns the complement of DNA sequences by replacing bases with their complements in reverse order, ie.,
979: Checks if the given string contains either "." character OR "-" in it, returns false otherwise
980: Get the tensor name from an input slot. 	Inputs : Node Name and Output Slots
981: Parses the version string into its components and returns them as integers in order major minor patch .
982: Returns true if all the CIGAR operations in 'cigars' are either deletions ('
983: This function calculates the asymptotically peak of an exponential decay curve. The parameters are tau
984: A function to check if two lists or integers are of the exact width. If they're not
985: This function checks if the input object has an 'Owner' key and returns its corresponding user name or
986: Check if two axises are the exact equal. If they're both none return True else False
987: Returns the dual of triangle with vertices at coordinates given by ‘tri’. The result is another
988: This function finds the maximum sub array in an integer list. It uses Kadane's algorithm
989: Calculates the percentage of yields.   [Code] .eof" %percentage% "
990: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. Code is already written in Python language
991: Get destination key from the source. 	Return type is string, it's used to identify
992: Wraps the list at given 'start' and 'end'. If start is negative or greater
993: Check if the given url starts with 'http:///www..../'.  This function will return
994: Get the id of an OWL Ontological Term from its IRI .  If it is
995: This function takes in an input string and returns the appropriate name of software suite based on its prefixes
996: Get the first matching Resource object from Resources by its 'Path'.  If no match is found return
997: This function returns the header list.  It is used to get all possible column names that can be
998: Casts the given object to None. If it is an empty string, returns false; otherwise return
999: Counts the number of zeroes.  Code is used to count how many zeros are present
1000: Returns the filename of an attachment. 	Inputs : str or type, returns string with prefix
1001: Returns the subwords of given length from input string. The function is used to split large tokens into
1002: Calculates the ceiling of x divided by Y.  Returns an integer value that is greater than or
1003: Exclude files with hidden or system directories. 	Inputs : file name, Output ->
1004: Returns True if the given sequence contains an element at position 'index' and False otherwise.
1005: Recall@K with K candidates. Code snippet to calculate the precision of an algorithm using
1006: This function performs division of two numbers. If the second number is zero it raises an error message "
1007: Calculates the horizontal position and depth after following commands from an input list of treads/comm
1008: This function returns the minimum value in each column of an inputted 3D list. The columns
1009: This function returns the string representation based on input parameter. It checks if provided argument matches any known
1010: Parses the test line into two lists of strings separated by commas .  The first list
1011: Check if the given list contains any phrases that are substrings of another.  If so return true
1012: Convert the input to boolean value if possible; otherwise return false . 10/3rd -
1013: Convert picohertz to mol/liter or liter per minute conversion factors from the US National Ren
1014: A function to check if the sum of all numbers upto nth term in triangle number series.
1015: Combines rules with an optional binary operation.  For example '3 + 4 * x' would
1016: Converts the given value from grams to miligrams, then converst it into gram
1017: Returns True if the departure is 'Not Run'. Otherwise, returns False.  [code]:def
1018: Skip the current row if it is not valid according to given conditions. --> This
1019: Setup arguments of the given optimization algorithm.  Returns dictionary with keyword args to be passed into optim
1020: Returns True if all elements in the given line items are empty, False otherwise.  If there is
1021: Get the parameter name. If it's an independent variable comp., return its original value; if
1022: Returns all non isomorphic matroids of the given set.  The function is recursive and uses
1023: This function calculates the yield depreciation of an object given its initial condition and parameters like
1024: Returns the IP address of an Internal Node in Network 479863, based on
1025: This function returns the reflection of x and/or both or all three axes.  It is
1026: This function checks if two dictionaries have the same keys and values in different orders or are identical but
1027: Generates an alphanumeric string of length 10 with random characters from the set [
1028: Returns the raw data from an array of numbers. The function takes three parameters - normalized value
1029: This function returns the header name of an I/O Channel.  The returned string is either '
1030: This function replaces the dash (-), dot (. ), and underscore (_ ) in character name with
1031: Get the version of configuration from blob object, defaulting to zero if not present or invalid value
1032: Calculates the cost of replacing one character with another. If both characters are identical then it returns double
1033: Calculates the overlap score between two strings based on their lengths or content if they are equal in length
1034: Finds if the given string is present on any of lines within specified .txt files – one
1035: A function to calculate the total of all elements in an array. If input is empty, it returns
1036: Returns True if the absolute values of two numbers are equal. Otherwise returns False . 	Example usage
1037: Split the URI into its components, handling both absolute and relative URIs correctly – split
1038: Check if two shapes have the exact dimensions. If one of them has no dimension at all then it
1039: A recursive function to check if one List contains another.  If the first element of both lists
1040: Calculates the area of an isosceles right triange. The formula used to calculate it
1041: Checks if the given object isn't none of its type or value; returns true otherwise false
1042: Extracts the first part from each line if it exists otherwise raises an error when trying to access
1043: This function returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The returned value is in format of
1044: Adds the RGB color to data set if not already present in it and returns updated datase[
1045: Filter out the matching and non matchable data from one or more lists of strings based on common prefix
1046: Defines function to check if number passed as argument even. Returns True or False accordingly based on whether
1047: Calculates the negative confidence in terms of true negatives, false positives or zero if there are
1048: This function checks if the given 'guess' matches with stored/stored in database.
1049: Generates an abbreviated version of the input string, with ... if it'll be longer than
1050: Extracts the message id from correlation string if it exists else returns original value of input parameter
1051: This function takes two lists of spanned sentences and adjusts the original list so that it fits within
1052: Calculates the Term Frequency of an element in list. Takes two arguments - 'element'
1053: Encode the array of rules into one string. 0 is represented as "." and any other
1054: A recursive function to calculate the nth Fibonacci number. The base cases are
1055: Convert musical notes to frequencies in Hz using the C Major scale . The input is an integer from [
1056: Compute the point of intersections between two lines. If they do intersect return their coordinates else false
1057: Returns the encoding to be used when writing files.  If 'True' is passed, returns utf
1058: Create an API endpoint URL. 	Inputs : Route name, Output is the full url of
1059: Convert an EPS GIS Code to its short form.  For example '4319'
1060: Write the given list of strings to file with each string on new row using specified filename and path
1061: This function checks if the difference between two numbers is within specified percentage. If not it returns False else
1062: Convert the number of whole weeks to full time duration. For example, convert '3' into "
1063: This function takes in an input string and returns the same as output. It is used to convert first
1064: Modify average of list with one number. 	Inputs : Old Averages , New
1065: Computes the cumulative probability of each pixel in an image.  The probabilities are calculated by multip
1066: Checks if the given target's dimensions are valid.  If they aren’t it raises
1067: Returns the value of an equation defined by two points on one axis. The function takes in three parameters
1068: Computes the square root of 'n' using Herons method in python." --->"
1069: Returns the first 36 characters of an input string, followed by three ellipses if it
1070: Convert the given 'speed' to deceleration time in milliseconds. The formula is derived
1071: This function adds two lists of means and variances. It uses the numpy library to perform element
1072: Returns the smallest or largest of two values.  If 'val' is between both numbers then it
1073: Compute the product of all elements in an array.  This is equivalent to multiplying each
1074: Convert Decimal Degree to Direction and Magnitude. The input is the value of degree
1075: This function takes in an input list and returns the reversed version of it. It does so by
1076: Check if the given files contain any of ACKs. If yes, return true; otherwise false
1077: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence. The first three numbers are always defined as
1078: If the user wants to run in one thread mode. Otherwise return default number of concurrent tasks if
1079: Calculates the velocity of an object at time 't' given its initial speed and acceleration.
1080: Checks if the given string represents an integer in base 36. If it does, returns
1081: This function takes in the documentation string of an API or method as input; it returns only those parameters
1082: Remove blank lines from the input text .  It uses python's built in function to split and
1083: A function that calculates the minimum of two numbers. If there are no more than one number,
1084: Implement an Insertionsort algorithm.  Code the function to sort list of numbers in asc
1085: Returns True if there's at least one price above the given 'threshold'. If not returns
1086: Convert algorithm to key type based on the prefix of its name – R=rsa, S
1087: Adds .CSS extension to the given file name if it doesn't already have one,
1088: Returns the delta between two points in space. Used to calculate distance and angle differences when moving from one
1089: Checks if two lists of file paths are the same.  If one list contains any element that
1090: A function to calculate the maximum possible value of two ranges. The weights are calculated based on how much
1091: This function pads sequences to the length of longest sequence. It takes as input list/array 'se
1092: Generates sorted data based on the id of load balancers and servers.  The function takes as
1093: Get the maximum nesting level of parentheses.  If no matching pair is found return None
1094: Returns the direction to its left. If it's east, returns west; if north ->
1095: Checks if the list of recent failures exists in an array.  If it does exist return true
1096: Return the input as it if not of type 'str' else return an empty String.
1097: Calculates more stuff. – Code to add 'extra' information into the input data structure if
1098: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. 0th and first two
1099: Calculates the frequency of capturing events within given windows.  The function takes two lists as input
1100: Checks if the given character or string represents an opening bracketing symbol. ...
1101: Get the last part of class name in python 3+ . e..g "MyClass"
1102: Convert MEL value to herz.	Inputs : Mel scale frequency . Output -> F
1103: Convert dictionary to list of tuples.  This function is used by the json module's
1104: Checks if the number of vertical lines is equal to zero or not. If yes then it checks
1105: Transform the basis name to lowercase, replace slashes with underscores and stars are replaced
1106: Extracts the environment version from an input string, if it'll be 3rd gen
1107: Checks if the inputted text has mixed case letters in it, ie., all upper or
1108: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
1109: Returns the fancy label of an interval.  The labels are defined as N{start < end}.
1110: Compare two lists of numbers. If both are empty return zero; if one is emtpy then
1111: Computes the coordinates of squares on an x and y axis with given height &amp;#4
1112: Converts the given input to its equivalent bool type. If it's “true”
1113: Check if the new states are identical to old ones.  If they match then return True else False
1114: Set the username of an account. 	Inputs : strategy -> The authentication method used to
1115: Convert the given string to Title Case, ie., capitalize first letter of each word except possibly
1116: Format the number to be displayed in an overflown situation. If it's greater
1117: Recursively apply function to all elements in list.  If element is tuple or pair it applies
1118: Parses an input string to create the corresponding Order object, if possible; otherwise returns false .
1119: Returns the winning party information. – [...] .get() method returns dictionary of all parties and
1120: This function returns the name of txt file based on given id and eras. 	Inputs
1121: Extract the id of an existing Github user's public or private ‘GIST’
1122: Defines function to check if input string can be converted into numerics. 1=True ,
1123: Calculates the position of an object in linear interpolation. This function is used to calculate where
1124: Checks if the sum of two numbers can be made from one digit.  If so returns True
1125: Convert the first character of each word in an inputted sentence to its corresponding ASCII value.
1126: Convert False to none.  If the input is falsy then return null or nothing else convert it
1127: Convert the given number to its equivalent in Octave. 10 is converted into O, and
1128: Finds the common elements in multiple lists using sets and returns them as list of unique items that exist
1129: This function returns the maximum and minimum values of an array or list with two elements each representing x &
1130: Get the device's unique identifier.  This is used to create and manage devices in an Io
1131: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the same list with all elements trimmed.
1132: Normalizes an integer representing the number of months to its equivalent in terms as days. If not valid
1133: Check if the given point is within board. 1 <= X , Y <=  N . Return True
1134: Sum two collections of numbers. If they are equal in length raise an error if not return their combined
1135: A function to calculate the total of all digts in an integer. If input is negative it returns
1136: Calculates the average length of two lists. If one list is shorter than another then it returns zero
1137: Calculates the Kinetic Energy of an object given its mass and initial velocity .  	Inputs
1138: This function takes an input x and checks if it is exactly 3 digits long. If so
1139: Returns the error between two numbers. If absolute difference is less than 𝑎−�
1140: Returns the common elements of two lists.  Code is written to find intersecting values between given input
1141: A function that strips newline characters from the input string.  It uses recursion to do so
1142: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to n . If there's no
1143: Remove leading/trailing whitespaces from string values in the input dataframe column if they exist;
1144: Returns the list of every possible sub string in order. This function uses recursion to generate each individual
1145: Fixes the order of headers based on their values.  If they are not numbers or strings then
1146: A function that returns the common elements of two lists. The head and tail are defined by 'inter
1147: Convert input to bool if possible; otherwise return the same value as it was given – Code sn
1148: A function to get the first element of an array or string as its unique identifier. If there
1149: Check if the given ‘Point’ lies within rectangle.	Inputs : Point & Rect
1150: A function to calculate the total number of seconds from hours minutes and secs. The input is in
1151: Constructs the publish commands to be used in CI/CD pipelines using additional steps provided as input
1152: A function to limit the value of an input within specified range.  If outside limits return minimum or
1153: Returns the length of sentences from given list.  The function takes as input two dimensional array where each
1154: Computes corrected and then normalizes cummulated percentage values based on the provided ranks counts & factors
1155: Replace all occurrences of an element with another.  If the input isn't iter
1156: Returns True if the MAC addresses are within one unit of distance apart; False otherwise . This function is
1157: This function returns the unique groups of elements from an array. It uses recursion to find all possible
1158: Compute the scalar product of two vectors.  Code is used to compute and return one number that
1159: Get the ABI of an Event.  If not found return None .   The function will search
1160: If the HTTP request resulted with an error of type "Too Many Requests", return true.
1161: Return the highest nybbles of an integer.	Inputs : int, Output ->
1162: Check if the provided arguments are valid.  If so return True else false otherwise .   ##
1163: This function calculates the error of classifying an object based on its probability. It returns 0
1164: Check if the given input is in any of several possible strings that are converted to all upper
1165: Normalizes the input data. If it's str/bool type then returns as string else if
1166: This function takes two lists of integers and returns the list obtained by appending each element from second to
1167: Classifies the first character of an input string. If it's alphabetic, returns
1168: Trim the garbage from input string. If there is no garabage in it, return zero
1169: This function returns the svg file name based on whether or not an application has been validly run
1170: Check if the HTTP response status codes are reusability.  If so, return True; otherwise
1171: Check if the given regular expression matches at any of several patterns in an array . If no
1172: Calculates the sum of kicked points. 1 point is equal to .034 meters
1173: Merge three queries into one. If any of the inputs are none then return first non null input
1174: This function returns the string 'Hello' followed by input parameter.  Code is used to greet users
1175: Calculates the difference in milliseconds between two timestamps. If both are equal returns zero
1176: Converts degrees to arc minutes, given as input parameter in the function "def". The conversion
1177: This function takes as input the list of strings, splits them into individual characters and returns their respective
1178: Convert all elements of the input to lists. If an element already isn't iterable then return
1179: Sanity check the destination. If it is empty or starts with /, remove them from destinations
1180: Code: produces goods or services from the given entry.  Returns source of production as string if valid
1181: Return the element at index 'i' from list. If out of range returns null .
1182: Defines the function to subtract two complex numbers.  The input is expected as tuples
1183: This function parses the command line options related to image size and compressor methods used in zlib
1184: Returns the programming or plain text interpretation of file extension based on its mapping in dictionary .  If no
1185: Counts the number of times 'a' appears in string.  Code is written to find out
1186: Return the name of an image file without its path or extension . Return None if it is
1187: Implement the Extended Euclid Algorithm. This algorithm is used to find gcd of two
1188: Generates the output file name based on input parameters.  The function takes in four boolean inputs and
1189: This function returns the name of an agent's behavioral policies.  The index is used to
1190: Parses the inputted string into an integer that represents its ASCII equivalent. If it'
1191: This function calculates the Sidak correction factor based on significance and number of tests performed." S
1192: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'fact
1193: Check if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of number S. If it’s
1194: A function to extract the natural orbital occupation numbers from an input list of strings and return them as integers
1195: Get the external name of an AWS CloudFormation Stack resource in one line using its logical ID and
1196: Defines the PRelu activation function. This is similar to ReLucelion but with an
1197: This function generates the filename of an nparray to be saved in noisy parameter sweep directory with given
1198: This function reverses the order of elements in an array. If there are more than ‘n
1199: Create filename from the given string. 	Inputs : Last element of file name, Output -
1200: Defines the function to add two numbers.  It checks if both inputs are either integers or flo
1201: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return False .  If the input is None ,
1202: Checks if one set of strings are subset or superset.  Returns True when the first string
1203: Flatens the given nested lists. 	Inputs : List of Lists, Output ->
1204: Remove the specified string from start of inputted strings in list or single element 	Inputs :
1205: Convert an integer or string into its corresponding character. If the input isn't valid then return it
1206: This function generates the color of an LED based on its position in relation to other LEDs. The colors
1207: Split the input parameters into separate strings, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from each
1208: This function chooses the color of layer based on its type. 	" Conv" ->
1209: Extracts the version number from an input string. If it'a not valid format returns none
1210: Defines the Hamming distance between two strings. If both are empty return zero; if one is
1211: This function calculates the time it takes to charge an electric vehicle. It assumes that all batteries are
1212: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and
1213: Returns the credit multiplier based on index of room in building . The higher floors are more expensive and
1214: Checks if the given ID corresponds to an existing valid network segment.  If it does then returns
1215: This function calculates the negative threshold value.  It takes as input positive thresholds and returns
1216: This function calculates the total of minimum values from each sublist. 	Input - list,
1217: This function returns the first file name that ends with "seg\_1". If no such files are
1218: Flatens the play field. – Code to flaten an array of arrays into one single list
1219: Sorts the scores in ascending order. 	Inputs : list of tuples where
1220: Extracts the text content of an XML Element or None if it doesn't exist .
1221: This function returns the origin of an Admin 3 level entity. If it is from 'US
1222: This function takes two lists as input and returns their summed elements in the same order. If one
1223: Handle domain list requests.	Inputs : URL object and method to use in request . Returns the
1224: Expand the given string with dot at end if it is missing.  If already ends in .
1225: This function removes all leading spaces from the input string.  It uses recursion to handle multiple consecutive
1226: Returns the path to pheWAS codes file in data directory .  This is used by other
1227: This function checks if the given filename points to an uncompressed gzip or zipped .txt
1228: Returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are negative return that number instead if they'
1229: Check if the given string contains any numbers or not 	Inputs : Address as String Output -
1230: Convert the given integer to its corresponding string representation.  If it's not recognized, return '
1231: A function to calculate the middle value of three numbers.  If all values are equal then it returns
1232: Generates the JKYLL_URL from given file or directory name in current project's
1233: Validates the given 'Runtime Environment' against known valid ones.  Returns True if it is,
1234: Counts the unique numbers of antennas visited by robots at given locations .  The function takes
1235: This function calculates the noise peak of an audio signal based on its amplitude and another parameter which is
1236: Checks if the input num can be considered as number. 1 or -infinity <
1237: Compare two configurations. If both are lists of equal length with the same elements in their respective positions then
1238: Compute the average of metrics based on classes present or not . If no such record exists then return
1239: A function to check whether the input number 'n' it prime. If yes then return true else
1240: Returns True if the given object has name ending with 'tx'.  Otherwise, returns False .
1241: Returns the sentiment of given text. 1 is positive, -ve if negative and neutral otherwise .
1242: This function checks if the source is of an unsuported extension.  It returns true when it
1243: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it had been passed through another method
1244: Generates pie chart with percentage labels. If the percentages are greater than two, it will round
1245: Get the name of an effective control point.  The returned string is in format '<Character>
1246: This function checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the character counts within
1247: Set the current of channel to given number. 	Channel is an integer from -107
1248: This function calculates the score of an item based on its position in list, with lower positions being
1249: Parse artist information from the given dictionary. 	Inputs : Dictionary of Artists with keys
1250: Extracts the IPI number from an input string. If it is not 9 digits
1251: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the first word. If there is only one string
1252: Moves the robot in given directions. The position of current and final positions are returned as list elements
1253: Convert the input into an appropriate table representation if it's not already one; otherwise return as given
1254: Finds the virtualization information of an LPAR.  If not found in list then returns null
1255: Returns the fifth power of input.  This is an example function to demonstrate how one might implement eas
1256: Checks if the child key matches with parent. If it's empty or shorter than its corresponding
1257: This function converts all lower case characters in the input string into upper cases and returns it as output
1258: Checks if the first 6 elements of an array are all "InERTIA". If so
1259: Calculates the MUNSHELL value of an object given its luminance Y in cd/
1260: A function that returns the English word representation of an integer.  If input is not in [ -
1261: Counts the number of games played in each sport.  Input is list with sports names and output
1262: Unsets the specified 'n'th Bit in binary representation of an integer. 0 <= n
1263: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal. If the input is not valid return false.'  .
1264: This function takes in the name of an nMap file and escapes any percent signs within it using
1265: Convert the given string to its corresponding level of importance in terms as per Severities defined by user
1266: Defines an empty function named "code".  The body of that method is just to print out
1267: Remove specified characters from string.  Code is written to remove specific character or set of charactors
1268: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius.	Inputs : float, Output ->
1269: Calculates the amount of fuel required to launch an object with given mass from its module or rocket
1270: Returns the normalized version of an input vector.  If 'len' is more than one it returns
1271: Check if the path starts with "gs" or begins without "/".  If so return true else
1272: Convert the given string to canonical format.  If it is empty, return an emtpy str
1273: Transposes the dimensions of an input tensor.  If data format is channels first it will rearr
1274: Decodes the string from CP1047 to UTF8 using cp encoding and returns it
1275: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were passed through .replace
1276: This function checks if the input number falls within valid integer values. It returns True when it's
1277: Checks if the input string contains any numbers. If it does then returns true else false . Code
1278: Decodes an ERD integer value to its decimal equivalent. The input is expected in hexadec
1279: Compose RGB values into one integer. The order of the colors is red then grren and last
1280: This function takes three parameters and returns the constructed URL.  It joins them with '/' as separ
1281: Prints "UnAuthorised" and exits the program. – [Your Name] -
1282: Convert Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula of conversion from degrees c/f
1283: Return 'Success' if the input is positive, else return an error message. This
1284: A function to determine the size of file in bytes. It returns an integer representing how many groups can
1285: Trims whitespace from both ends of the string and replaces PEP prefixes with standard ones
1286: Checks if the input sequence is composed of valid nucleotides.  If it's invalid
1287: Removes adjacent duplicates from an array.  If the first two elements are equal, it removes
1288: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid'
1289: Removes leading and trailing slashes from string values, if any exist in the inputted list
1290: This function checks if the given URL has any of our supported file types.  If it does,
1291: This function checks the syntax of all given model definitions. If any definition has an error it returns
1292: Update evaluation values based on prediction.  If the target is both true positive or false negative then increase
1293: Convert the number of bit to megabits. 1 Bit = ~= 4e -
1294: Convert entity names to plain text formatting .  e = Entity name in string form, returns
1295: A function to convert list of IDS back into their corresponding string values.  The input is the
1296: Returns the point on plane with maximum distance from origin.  The function takes two parameters - an array
1297: Replace the name of Guide joint with Boundary Joint Name – if it is present
1298: A function that returns the appropriate character depending on input string.  It can handle pipe, comma ,
1299: This function checks if the mouse is within any of given button rectangles. If it's
1300: This function returns the color corresponding to each class in an image. The colors are defined by RGB values
1301: Remove empty paths from the list. This function takes as input an array of coordinate lists,
1302: Returns only the numbers in list.  If input isn't an integer, it will recursively
1303: This function checks if the input number 'is prime'. It returns True or false. The numbers that
1304: Parse return value from the given input, if it's not formatted as expected returns original one
1305: Check if one set is subset of another.  If the first element from both ranges matches then it
1306: Returns the score of an interview based on number humans in it, with different scores depending upon how many
1307: This function takes two positions as input and returns the same position but with values clamped between zero to
1308: Returns the input string in lower case and removes leading/trailing whitespace if it exists."
1309: Computes the average of an array.  If no value is provided it will raise error if any
1310: A simple recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It's very in
1311: Resolve the id of an existing movie from its name using provided list .  If not found
1312: Converts the first three letters of each word to their corresponding number representation, and returns it as
1313: A recursive function to calculate the value of polynomial j at point 'x'. The coefficients are given
1314: Get all names from the given dictionary of action objects 	Actions are keyed by their unique ident
1315: Convert integer to string. The result is in thousands, and the input number must be less than or
1316: Calculates the volume of water in cubic meters from moles per liter using an approximation formula based on
1317: Check if two lists have common elements.  If so return true else false .   The function will
1318: Reduce the degree to be between [-π, +π]. If it's outside of that
1319: Calculates the derivative of KF with respect to density at given point in parameter space 	n
1320: Unnests the input if it's an iterable and returns itself otherwise.  If there
1321: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  The
1322: Filter out the boundaries of an irregularly shaped object.  If it's not rectangular, then
1323: Projects vector 'xy' onto the basis defined by vectors in 3D space. The result
1324: This function returns the next even number in an array of numbers. If it is already at or above
1325: A function to generate an unique process id based on the input arguments. The generated ID includes all parts
1326: Returns true if the list contains no duplicate elements, false otherwise.  The function uses recursion to
1327: Convert string percentage to floating point number, stripping the '%' symbol from it and dividing by
1328: Code defines two functions to find the intersecting elements of lists. The first function finds all common items
1329: Defines functions to calculate the normalized form of an input list or numpy ndarrays using
1330: Map input number x from range [0..1] to output value within the specified min/ max
1331: Check if the list contains an @ symbol. If it does, return True; otherwise False .
1332: A function that calculates the next greater day's temperature.  The input is an array of
1333: This function calculates the total cost of all items in an online shopping cart by adding up prices from
1334: Get the legacy msg types by index or name .  If it's an old style of messages
1335: Extracts the items from user' s Wall on Facebook using JSON handle provided by facebook SD
1336: Returns the middle part of string 'str' with length specified by parameter. If negative number is passed
1337: Format the given path as string. If it is not an absolute file system based or relative
1338: Convert the given Stop ID to its equivalent in format of two parts separated by colon, e..g
1339: Convert the given value of feet to meters and return it as two separate values. The first one is
1340: Send trace log to the specified address.  The sender and receiver are both included in each line of
1341: Defines the sign of an input. If it's negative, returns '-1'. if positive
1342: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N'. The first two numbers are always
1343: Calculates the cost of travel based on given distances. If one unit is travelled, it costs
1344: Convert the inputted text into Jadoe Case formatting i.. e., each word's
1345: This function takes three arguments - x point to be normalized and the original parameters of normalization. It returns
1346: A function to convert the coordinates of an IJ system into its equivalent in JK System. If
1347: Check if the given parameters are within range. If they're all true then return "True".
1348: Find the smallest header depth of an HTML document's source tree structure .   Code snippet
1349: This function returns the appropriate string based on what kind an 'archive' or no operation should take.
1350: Returns the angle between two hands of an analog clock. The input list is expected to contain exactly one
1351: Inserts the string 'three' after position in list.  Returns new modified circularly linkedlist
1352: Calculates the surface area of an object.	Inputs : Mass and Volume . Returns Density
1353: This function connects to the database and executes an SQL query with provided limit on rows returned by each
1354: This function creates an empty board of the given size with 'X's and pipes, where each
1355: This function shifts the scale of an angle by adding one to it and then dividing its resultant
1356: Convert decibel weak watters to watt.	Inputs : Decimal number representing the
1357: Get the forward read position. If stranded and positive direction is given then return start of alignment in
1358: Get the first element of each list from an indexed array. 	Inputs : List[
1359: This function subtracting one from the id of Redis Stream messages, if possible and returns it as
1360: Check if the given 'pos' falls within an overflowing area. This function checks whether
1361: This function calculates the maximum value that can be achieved by taking items from an available list. It
1362: This function removes all the specified types of characters from inputted strings/words – punctuations
1363: This function checks if the objective is converging. It returns True when all objectives are within tolerance and
1364: Replace the values of specific keys with new ones from given dictionary mapping." ---> Code
1365: A function that generates all possible unigram phrases from the given list of word.  It uses
1366: This function takes an input string of names and returns the first or only word that is NOT one among
1367: A recursive function that calculates the largest power of two less than or equal to 'n'.
1368: Convert 4D index to one dimension.	Inputs i and J are the row indices;
1369: Check if the given data starts with "X-" prefix, followed by 8 digits or letters
1370: This function splits up strings by number of desired partitions. If it cannot evenly divide then last
1371: This function returns the length of inputted string. It ignores spaces and counts only non space characters
1372: This function converts the given sets to lists. It uses recursion, so it can handle any
1373: Get the bit at given position in binary representation of an integer. 0 based and inclusive on both
1374: This function generates the Reachable Matrix of an input Graph. The matrix is filled with boolean values
1375: Get the URL of browser based on IP and Port number – if both are zero it will return
1376: Generates random keys of given 'lenght'. The key is made up from lowercase letters
1377: Adds LaTeX commands before and after the body of text. 	Example usage : \
1378: Check if two histries are the same ignoring case and new lines/spaces – Function
1379: Flatterning an arbitrarily deeply embedded lists. 	Inputs -> A List of
1380: A function that finds the closest item in an array to another value. It uses recursion and keeps
1381: checks if the given 'Tile' object represents one of DORA indicators. If it does
1382: Determine if the current chunk ends with specified tags.  If it does not start or is part
1383: Convert number to human readable format with suffixes like Kilobytes , Megabyte
1384: This function calculates the number of digits in an integer. It takes two parameters - 'numer
1385: Tinh xấp phân các só trong mô
1386: Returns the percentage of 'b' that is within an interval defined by two numbers in relation to another
1387: This function calculates the decay rate of polynomial regression in each iteration based on an input parameter 'e
1388: Find the version attribute of an object. If it's modified, return 'Modify'. El
1389: Convert labels to reverse order and return as string with . in between each label or the last one after
1390: This function calculates the minimum number of coins needed to make change. It uses dynamic programming approach with
1391: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is stored
1392: Add all elements of the list. – Bad add operation, but it'll do its job
1393: Generates the string representation of DMc tasks. 	Inputs : Domain name and Task
1394: Returns True when the plot at position [x][y] is larger than its neighbours. Otherwise
1395: This function mirrors the pairs of elements from input list.  It takes as an argument one element
1396: A function to perform interpolation between two values.  It takes four arguments and returns one value based
1397: Get the error message from an exception or log entry, if present; otherwise return empty string .
1398: Returns the full path of file without extension and directory name if it ends with backslash else returns only
1399: Remove the given 'prefixed' part from input strings if they start with it; otherwise return original
1400: Check if the name is not related to recursion. This function checks whether or no,
1401: Recursively transforms the given transformation string into an equivalent one that can be used in python'
1402: Checks if all characters in the word are non letters or underscores only .  If yes
1403: Convert the given input to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return false .  If true or yes
1404: Copies the input vector v.  Returns its elements as an independent clone of that array, which
1405: Returns true if the given object has at least one element. If not, it returns false and stops
1406: Format the value as an abbreviated version of its default string representation. If it's not possible
1407: A function to schedule the initial Learning Rate based on Epoch number and Total Number of Epoches
1408: Returns the length of kmers used in assembly.  If 'assemble' is called with an
1409: This function checks if all the letters of word are unique. It does so by checking each character against
1410: Counts the number of lines with nonempty content within given text files or directories recursively .
1411: Parses an XML attribute as Boolean value, if not provided returns default one .  If the
1412: This function checks if the given list contains an element equal to either lowercase version of inputted string
1413: Returns the square root of each integer value found within list 'S'. This function uses Python' built
1414: Get the project URL's base url from list of known urls and return first match or None
1415: Computes the relative difference between two sets of complex numbers in degrees and returns it – used to
1416: Replace the rightmost occurrence of '<TARGET>' in <SOURCE>  with
1417: This function returns the current version of Django being used in your project as context data to be passed
1418: Clean the id by replacing non alphanumeric characters with underscore (_).  This function is
1419: Combine two lists of results. If both are empty return the other one if only 1 result
1420: Create list of unique nonempty strings from the first argument that are also present as elements within second one
1421: Create and return dictionary with status as 'failed' alongwith the given data.  The returned dict
1422: Convert RGB color to grayscale using the formula given in problem statement – Round off resultant
1423: A function that calculates the interpolation between two points. It's used to create smooth curves
1424: Combines two sequences into one by merging the values of common dates and adding an ampersand
1425: Returns the data type of an input. If it's string returns 'Text', if numerics
1426: Check if the given number is float. This function will return true only when input string contains
1427: Code to set up the error message based on input parameter and return it as string .   Inputs
1428: Checks if the given inputted text represents an empty comment.  If it does, returns true
1429: Create whitespace strings.  If the number of characters is divisible by `tabsize` then
1430: Filter directories in the given paths using lambda function and return only those which end with '/'.
1431: Returns the signed distance from 'Point' to line defined by two vectors.  The half space is
1432: Projects vector ECEF coordinates onto the local east/north basis.  Returns new X
1433: Returns True if n is an integer and the number of digits in it's binary representation are
1434: Calculates the index of which binary bucket to use given value and range. This is useful when you
1435: This function splits the input string into two parts at each occurrence of an argument provided and returns them
1436: Calculates the volume of prisms.  Inputs are base and side length or top & bottom
1437: This function takes in the graduation year and returns it as formatted string with its corresponding full name of
1438: Parses the given string to extract gem group and its corresponding hashing algorithm from it .
1439: A function to check if the inputted integer 'is prime' or not. It uses recursion
1440: This function reads the input string and skips over certain number of newline characters. It is used
1441: Check if the first part of given input matches with provided Prefix.  If yes then return True
1442: Appends the given query condition to list of conditions based on provided parameters and returns updated filtered results
1443: Defines the function to divide two numbers. 	Inputs : Two numeric values as arguments
1444: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their difference.  It is used to calculate the negative
1445: This function filters out the unused or dead channels from given list of transits. It uses hashing
1446: Finds the maximum repetitions of any pattern in an array. 	Input : list[str
1447: Defines an iterative function to check if the inputted text/line of characters are all whites
1448: Display the given list of Python Warnigs. If no warnig is provided, it will return
1449: Check if the text contains any brackets. If it does, return true; otherwise false –
1450: Convert bold tags to marker and vice versa in the given text using regular expressions – if it
1451: A function that calculates the total of all numbers from one to n.	   .    Code
1452: Calculates the importance of each state based on its average value. The higher, lower is considered to
1453: This function takes in the name of an OSM TILE and returns its longitude & latitut
1454: Create an element with the given label and child elements. 	Inputs : Label of type string
1455: Disjoint Groups.  A function that takes an array of group names and returns the list with
1456: Parses an address string and returns the integer value of it based on its units ('bytes','
1457: Generates the number of digits in FIBO sequence up to 'n' digit. Code
1458: Check if the given input can be considered as symPy.  If yes then return true else false
1459: Returns the abundance of Oxygen in an atom's nucleus, given its atomic number as input
1460: This function divides two numbers. If the second number is zero it raises an error message "cannot
1461: This function takes three parameters and returns the smaller of two values. It is used to determine how much
1462: Calculates the distance between two points in one dimension. If either of them is at origin then it
1463: Count the number of tilINGS in an array. The function counts all possible arrangements that can be
1464: Returns the AWS Region based on input.  If it's US Gov West, returns us
1465: Convert input to string if not already.  If the provided argument isn't iterable then return
1466: Finds unfinished neighbors of each cell on the board. --> Code Summary : A
1467: Wraps an inputted degree to the range of [18,79] degrees.
1468: This function calculates the product of two numbers. If one or both are zeroes it returns '
1469: Truncates the string to '...' if it exceeds length of given number.  If not
1470: This function takes in an array of two numbers and returns the first number if it'is less than
1471: Returns the shortened version of an input string.  The function is used to provide consistent naming
1472: A function that rounds the scores of students.  It takes in an array/list containing score values
1473: Write the function to check if point p lies within box defined by points of two corners.  The
1474: Defines function to perform binary cuts on three dimensions. If the absolute value of an element is less
1475: Remove all HTML tags from the input text string 	Inputs : Text to be cleaned up,
1476: Normalizes URLs by removing trailling question mark and adding http if not present in the string
1477: This function cleans the input text by replacing all non space characters with spaces and returns it as output .
1478: Convert URL to filename safe string – remove http, https and ?%. Replace slashes with
1479: Defines function to calculate the sum of two numbers.  Code is in Python language and uses built
1480: Calculates the probability that an application will go down due its users' instantaneously available rates and their
1481: Validates if the input string is an ASCII Domain name . This function checks whether
1482: Adds the given 'amount' to each component of an RGB or HEXA decimal representation.
1483: Simplify the given full path to just return its last component, without any slashes or extension
1484: A function that joins the elements of an array into one string. If any element is `null`
1485: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence using memization. The result is stored in
1486: Converts an integer into its corresponding alphabetical character. For example if the input is "
1487: This function checks if the game is over based on its current state.  If it's in
1488: Returns the beam shape tag of an object.  If no such attribute exists, returns empty string .
1489: This function calculates the value of one parameter in terms 𝑠. The parameters are
1490: Create an empty dictionary. 	Inputs : contribution -> A list of scores or contributions to
1491: Checks if the prediction tokens are consistent with those of another token sequence.  If they match exactly
1492: Returns the emoji based on health of jobs. If it's above or equal to '
1493: Returns the URL to search artists in given countries and genders using Harvards API  .
1494: A recursive function to calculate the number of spaces in an array. The result is stored and re
1495: Adds 3.0 if both inputs are integers or floats else raises an error with message
1496: Checks if the given variable name starts with either "W" ("Worker") and/or
1497: Returns the transpose of matrix. The input is not modified but returns new one with transformed data .
1498: Return the unique id of an object. This function is used to get reference IDs
1499: Flatens the list of lists.  For example, if you call `flattern([[[],
1500: Returns whether the next element in an array is of type 'bool' or not.  If it
1501: Converts the name of an VRF to its equivalent NAPAlM BGPVRF
1502: Learning rate schedule based on the number of completed training iterations, with different learning rates at certain stages in
1503: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways in which you can distribute 'n' items into
1504: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  If
1505: Counts the number of dots on an array. – Code is used to find out how many
1506: Convert the given string into singular form. This function will remove "es" at end of
1507: Filter the list of strings to only include those that contain 'extras' and/or ‘
1508: A function that prints "good bye" and then exits the program.  The print statement
1509: This function returns the value of an input string that is either in fractional form or decimal/integer
1510: Calculates the power of each digit. Returns total value as result . Example :pod() will return
1511: Trim the "+" character from each element in pv list and return as string .
1512: This function performs bit by Bit AND operation on two IP addresses. It is used to check if the
1513: This function splits the input text into unique, non duplicate word lists and then joins them back together
1514: Check if the input string matches disease id format. If it does match return true else false .
1515: Generates an unordered list of links to Jira tickets based on the inputted array, each
1516: Generates combinations of elements from the list. The number and order are fixed by 'n'. If
1517: Combine two integers into one. If the first integer is positive then it's used as coefficient
1518: A function to remove the specified string from end of given text if it exists in that position .
1519: Infer the names of channels in an EMG signal based on their positioning relative to each other
1520: Implement linear interpolation.  Given two points 'A' and point B', return the value
1521: This function flattens an arbitrarily nested array. It uses recursion to flattern the
1522: Finds the time points where voltage changes from low to high over an interval of recording .  The
1523: This function calculates the circumference of one circle given its diameter and area macroscopic value .
1524: Returns the prefix of an SSD or HDD based on its name, e..g., / dev s
1525: Checks if all addresses are present as keys of the given map.  If not it returns false
1526: Removes plural form of the given language from provided text.  It uses lambda functions to check
1527: Extracts the last four octets from an OID and returns them as IP address string format
1528: This function formats the given string to match with API request.  It takes in one parameter, which
1529: Returns the smallest element in an array. If no elements exist, returns zero by default if provided with
1530: Check if the function has been correctly implemented and returns correct output when given valid inputs – e..
1531: Convert number to million. If the input is zero or negative return 'O'. Else convert and
1532: A function that finds the maximum and minimum of an array. It uses recursion to find both
1533: This function returns one of the keys in dictionary randomly chosen from all possible ones – used to select
1534: Convert Google Storage URL to Public Url 	Input : GS url, Output ->Public
1535: Converts boolean to integer. True is converted into zero, False becomes one .  	Ex
1536: Maps Ansbile types into their corresponding jsonschema equivalent  .   Type mapping is done based
1537: Returns the first N numbers of multiple series. For example if you call `multiples` with argument
1538: Return the revision range in which all revisions are identical.  If there is no such version
1539: Convert Hexadecimal to Address.	Inputs : str . Output is the address in
1540: This function takes in the variances of two images and returns an adjusted color value based on their difference
1541: Returns the size of an argument in bytes. For example, int is considered to be four byte long
1542: Convert an unsigned integer to its byte array representation. This function converts the input value into bytes by
1543: Returns the properties of an element based on its symbol or name . The function is case insensitive and
1544: Check if the first chromosome is dominated by second.  If it's true then return
1545: Sets the global variable 'VERBOSITY' and prints out its new value. 0 is
1546: Convert DSCP to TOs. This function converts the given value of 'D' in
1547: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1548: Calculates the cube of an inputted integer. Code is written in Python language and uses exponent
1549: Returns the name of day on which given integer represents. If not valid input raises an error message .
1550: Checks if the input string contains any non whitespace characters.  If it does, returns True
1551: Computes the factorial of all numbers in given list. The result is returned as dictionary where keys
1552: Deconstructs YAML references into their actual values – recursively if necessary . If the
1553: Compare two integers. If the first integer is greater than or less then second one returns it else return
1554: Returns True if the given 'set' contains an element equal to `.`; otherwise False .
1555: This function checks if the file extension of an output path matches one specified.  It returns True or
1556: This function calculates the gradient of attention weights. 	Inputs : two points in space and
1557: Generates the string to be used as an input in buttons. This function takes three parameters
1558: Interleaves two binary numbers. If the number of bits in both input is not equal then it
1559: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when '
1560: Checks if the given object represents an AST block. ... ..	. .
1561: Generates the population of fields from given list.  This function is used to generate an array with
1562: A function to generate the Fibo sequence upto 'counter' number. The first two numbers
1563: return the number of cores used by sampling. If less than or equal to zero then it returns four
1564: 检查是否支持的资源类型控制。如果没有指定，则返回False；否则
1565: This function takes in an input string and returns the first part of it that is not modified by any
1566: This function takes an input float and rounds it to the nearest tenth. It uses two helper functions
1567: Checks if the given string represents an IPV4 or IPv6 valid unicast addressing.
1568: Returns the tripled and filtered version of input numbers. The function takes in an array/list '
1569: Compute the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. This function
1570: This function creates an infinite loop by repeatedly adding the first element of its argument to itself. It'
1571: This function returns the first 6 digits of an inputted customer id. The purpose is to
1572: Returns the crystal system of an atom. 0 is triclinc, ... , up to and
1573: Parses the first part of an ID from URLs using "/" as separator."
1574: Convert an integer into its binary coded decimal equivalent. This function uses recursion and bitwise operations
1575: Calculates all possible substring of length K from string S.  Returns the count and list with
1576: A function that returns the indices of all occurrences within an array.  The first parameter is
1577: This function takes in an argument and returns the same input but with all nested lists converted to flatten
1578: Code to split the input into PIL logs based on comma separated values from either WARNING or F
1579: This function calculates the RosenBrock's loss or fitness of an individual in multi dimensional
1580: This function calculates the linear sum of two numbers.  It takes three arguments and returns their average
1581: Clean OS from the given string, if present; otherwise return original input 	Inputs : String
1582: Plotting the Kinematic Boundary asymmetry.	Inputs : delta and
1583: Decodes the path segment.  If it'll be two slashes, returns one single forward
1584: Create an empty replacement list.  The size of the replalcement is determined by 'size
1585: A function to return the reversed string.  Code is written in Python language and uses recursion
1586: Convert the given numerical rating to its string representation. 0 is considered as 'terribble',
1587: Generates the prediction of whether an event is positive or negative based on CNN and AS predictions. If
1588: Check if every value is present and nonempty within the dictionary of lunchers' meals .
1589: Adds two lists of coordinates.  Each coordinate is represented as an integer pair and the function returns
1590: Checks if the given string of characters are in abc order.  A character's position
1591: Returns the product of two lists.  Each element at position 'n' is calculated as multiplication between
1592: Computes the modular power of two. If exponent is negative computs in reverse order to avoid overflow
1593: Returns the longest name from an array of names as it is represented by one line string with quotes around
1594: This function returns the list of tuples that represent all possible combinations from three lists with lengths given
1595: Returns the reflection of cp about an arbitrary point.  The vector from that reference to c is calculated
1596: Calculates the average energy of an array. 	Inputs : list, Output - float .
1597: Check if the cross section is empty or not. If it's an 'empty', then print
1598: Convert string to YAML format.  If the input is an empty or null, return nothing
1599: This function takes two lists as input and returns the elements of first given second.  It is used
1600: Calculates the velocity of an object in Earth's frame given its position and direction relative to Gal
1601: Returns the list of all unique characters present within given geometry.  If no character is found, returns
1602: This function checks if the input data type matches with an integer or string. If it's not
1603: Removes duplicated elements from the sequence. The result is reverses order of unique items in se
1604: This function evaluates the polynomial at x. It uses recursion to calculate each term of multiplication and
1605: Fetches comments from reddits r all submissions in the specified post and sorts them based
1606: Implement the logical 'AND' operation. If both inputs are nonzero then return true else false
1607: Implement the basic encryption algorithm using public key cryptography. The message is encrypted with an exponent and
1608: Code to generate the URL of an NASA Exoplanet Archive database file based
1609: Convert the coordinates of an object in bounding box format to normalized coordinate system. This function takes as
1610: Flatens the inputted nested lists.  It removes duplicates by converting to set and then back
1611: Returns the CIFAR – one of ten classes from an array. The function maps each integer
1612: Removes an element if it exists and returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating the operation was not
1613: Checks if all cards in the given player's hands are of equal rank.  If so
1614: Returns the middle point of two points. The input is expected to be pairs or tuples representing
1615: This function removes all numbers from the input text string and returns it as output without any numerals in
1616: This function takes as input an array of items and returns the same list with all duplicates removed while
1617: Returns True if the number is divisible by either three nor five. Otherwise, returns False .
1618: This function moves an element from the list to its front if it exists and returns updated List .
1619: Trims the given list of tuples by removing elements that are not within specified 'height'
1620: Returns the first element of each list in input.  This is equivalent to rotating clock wise through one
1621: Checks if the given numbers can form PythaTriangle. 1<=b <c
1622: A function that calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The result is an
1623: This function generates the prefix of cup codes.  The radiance unit is represented by R and then
1624: Get an element from the given 'list' using its position. If it doesn’t exist then
1625: This function calculates the altitude of an object at any given distance from ground level in meters,
1626: Convert the given weight in grams to kilograms. If input is less than one, return
1627: Split the given list of strings into two lists based on their type, and return them reversed
1628: Returns the base name of file from given path using Python's built in function "os".
1629: This function joins the options into one string with format "key1==value … ,;colon
1630: Convert special math symbols in string format into their standard mathematical notation equivalents, e..g., replace
1631: Limit the value to be between [min=1] and max[79]. If val
1632: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
1633: Returns whether the input `type` matches with one of three types. If it's an integer
1634: This function takes two parameters - the number of columns and an initial condition. It returns 3 sets
1635: Linear interpolation function.  Given two points in the form of [a , b] and
1636: Checks if the given string starts with four spaces. This function will be used to check
1637: Sanity check the input string to ensure it'll be processed correctly by our function – returns
1638: Extract the repository's username from its URL, if it is not in format "username"/
1639: This function sends an email to the recipient.  It takes in one parameter which is expected as input
1640: This function pads all sentences to the length of longest sentence. It adds padding tokens at end until each
1641: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, if you call `flattern([[[],
1642: Generates the content of tweet. 	Inputs : Preamable text and Message to be
1643: Returns the list of numbers from 'start' to ‘end’. If start is greater than
1644: This function takes in the name of an internet host, strips out 'http://' or ‘
1645: Returns the list of operating period by project and its corresponding lifecycle. 	Input - List
1646: A function that returns the intersection of two lists. The elements are sorted and duplicates removed from both
1647: Checks if two frequencies are equal. If they're not the same frequency of occurrence in text
1648: Returns true if the given value greater. Otherwise returns false and raises error message in case of assertion failure
1649: Converts UVW to GRZ coordinates in the International System of Units . The conversion is based
1650: Convert TCP state from Hexadecimal to string.  The states are defined as follows :
1651: Checks if the given 'x' value lies within an interval defined by two angles.
1652: Join the given 'Base URL' and Query String. 	Inputs : Base Url &
1653: Convert text to uppercase and add NL character at the end of it, then return as is
1654: Calculates the Levenschtein distance between two strings.  This is used to measure similarity
1655: Perform division operation. If the input values are not numbers return empty string else perform actual
1656: This function calculates the transfer factor based on current and total number of training iterations."   [...]
1657: Merge two dictionaries. If an element is present only on one dictionary it will be removed from
1658: Returns the key with maximum value in data.  If multiple keys have same highest values, returns first
1659: Returns the RGB value of an inputted colored object with reduced opacity. If transparency is at maximum level
1660: Checks if the given value contains any of specified strings.  If it finds at least one match
1661: Check if the string contains 'publis' or any combination of characters.  If it does then
1662: A function to generate the y values of polynomial with given coefficient and number point inputs . The output is
1663: Validates if the file is either .GTF or GFF format – returns true when valid
1664: Sorts the list of strings in ascending order based on their length and then alphabetic
1665: checks if the final vertex of one list is same as initials in another. If yes then it
1666: Calculates the perpetual value of an investment. 	Inputs : principal amount and interest rate
1667: Transform the input string by shifting ASCII values of each character in accordance with client's received
1668: Calculates the overlap between two tokens. The function returns an integer representing percentage of common elements found among
1669: Perform linear interpolation between two points in the space of complex numbers using only one point and another
1670: Verify if the user has permission to perform an operation.  If they do have permissions then return
1671: Returns maximum possible episodes based on given parameters .  The function calculates and returns an integer value that
1672: This function takes in an array of points and returns the minimum point along with maximum. It uses recurs
1673: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, if you call `flattern([[[],
1674: A function to calculate the number of steps required by Collatz conjecture. The input is an integer
1675: Ensure scripts are compatible with the current platform, adding .sh/.py extension on Windows and returning
1676: Concatenates all elements in the input array. If no argument provided, returns an empty one
1677: Check if the given coordinate lies within an object's boundary.  If it does not lie in
1678: Convert polynomial to string representation.  If the input is an empty list, return ""; otherwise convert first
1679: Returns the position of an element in two dimensions. If it is not within bounds return -98
1680: Returns the next HotFix number based on current major and minors versions of an application or library .
1681: Normalises the text input to be between zero and one based on word count of query string in percentage
1682: This function returns the given string with an underscore prefix and suffix. 	Example usage : print
1683: Count the number of times character appears at end. Code is recursive and uses helper function to tra
1684: Check if two numbers are equal.  If they're both numeric types then it checks equality
1685: This function is used to get the value of one specific dataset in an array.  It takes two
1686: This function takes an array of column names and returns the same list with 'task' appended to
1687: Get the id of an HTML element from its name, e..g "save".  Returns string
1688: Calculates the area of an equilateral right triangles. The formula is used to calculate it
1689: Finds the first kmers of an input string.  If there are no more than one identical
1690: returns true if the language is one of two languages that are considered intermediate.   .    """
1691: Computes the contrast between two means of gray matter and white Matter in anatomically defined brain
1692: Compiles the input string into an integer value based on its content, if it is 'you',
1693: Remove trailing newline character from string.  If the last char is not '\\r'
1694: Merge the attributes of two lists. If one element matches with an index from another array then it
1695: Calculates the area of bins. 	Inputs : Count and Bin Edgesses
1696: Cheksums are used to verify the integrity of lines read from files. This function calculates and
1697: Returns the first occurrence's position or None if not found.  If multiple occurrences exist
1698: Convert an input string into dictionary of key/values pairs, where the keys are strings and values can
1699: Remove URL from text string – find and replace all the found links with an empty space or nothing
1700: Calculates the efficiency of free electron transfer from lifetime to frequency domain .  	Inputs : L
1701: Map the value from one range to another. 1 input unit maps into n output units with scaling
1702: A function that implements the Insert Sort algorithm. It sorts an array of integers in ascending order
1703: Create an application configuration object.  This is used to store the settings that are common across all applications
1704: This function calculates the position of centered alignment in an HTML table's cells based on given dimensions
1705: Generates an HTML table from the given MarkDown Headers list and returns it as string formatting
1706: Convert PhRED quality scores to ASCII. This function converts phased error rate data into an
1707: A function to generate all pairs of numbers in the given two dimensions. The first number is from zero
1708: Convert an integer to ASCII. The first byte is the lower eight bits of 'n', and
1709: A recursive function that sums the absolute values of all elements in an input list. The base case
1710: Returns the number of weights needed to initialize two local circuits.  The function takes as input parameters -
1711: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to given number 'N'. This function
1712: Fix End of Line Characters in Text Files – Replace Windows (\R), Unix(\
1713: A helper function to check if an element is in the list. If it's found return true
1714: Returns the starting positions of each block. If input is positive orientation then returns start position else reverses
1715: This function dedupes the names of scopes by appending an incremental number to each name
1716: A function that rounds the input number to two decimal places. If it's greater than ${
1717: Implements the Sequentially search algorithm. This function searches an array of items one by
1718: This function checks whether the given `tail` is acceptable based on critical values. If it isn’
1719: Converts pixel values to waveform. The coefficients are used in the equation y = c_
1720: Generated intermediate point coordinates between two given endpts.  The number of generated intermediar
1721: Checks if the given hypothesis string can be used as an alternative to comparison operators.  If it
1722: Count the number of matching letters in two strings. If both are same length return count else if one
1723: Returns the number of quarters that have passed since January. If an invalid input is given it returns "
1724: This function returns the first threshold value in list that's less than or equal to 'current'.
1725: Defines the function to reverses an inputted String.  It uses recursion and helper functions
1726: return the remainder of dividing input by prime number. This function is used to generate unique codes based
1727: This function is used to extract the numeric part of an mg or pql filename . The extracted
1728: Simplifies the output of stdouts by removing unnecessary information from it and keeping only what is necessary
1729: Counts the number of leading spaces. 0 if there are no space characters at all, or
1730: Convert string to boolean value, True if the input is yes or true; False otherwise – case
1731: Scales the input list of numbers by multiplying each element with provided scalar. 	Inputs
1732: Convert datetime object to string in JavaScript date time style .  e g., "1970
1733: Convert the given color scale to an equivalent one that is scaled. 	Inputs : A dictionary
1734: Calculates the change in entropy due to wall temperature difference. 	Inputs are initial and final
1735: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase and make other characters lower case in font name string
1736: This function counts the number of elements within an index that are less than clip length.  It takes
1737: Returns the ASCII value of character at given position in string. If outofbound return '-'.
1738: Compute the product of two numbers.  The first number is subtracted from one and then multi
1739: Calculates the temperature rise power loss factor based on operating and weighing parameters . The function raises an
1740: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the reverse order.  It uses recursion
1741: Convert the first character of each word to upper case and make all other characters in string as small letters
1742: Convert the given string to its corresponding RGB value. For example "red" will return red's
1743: Check if the given matrix has square dimensions.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .
1744: Checks if the first character of an inputted channel name. If it's none, returns
1745: This function splits the given comma separated list into individual strings and returns them as an array, replacing
1746: This function splits the time in seconds into hours minutes and second. It returns these values as list
1747: A function that calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers.  	Inputs are any number
1748: This function returns the mean color of cars.  It takes an input 'Key' and return its
1749: Convert web.db type to equivalent SQL data types in sqlite3 module 18/0
1750: This function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It uses Python's
1751: Generates sequence of levels based on the average distance from an initial point.  The first level is
1752: Counts the number of prime digtis from left to right. If input isn't valid raises
1753: This function returns the inputted text in color Yellow. 	Inputs : String -> Output
1754: Remove leading indentations from text strings in Python 3 syntax tree representation of the source file,
1755: Convert an integer month number into its corresponding name. 0 -> January, ... ,9 =>
1756: Returns the source name from given module/package names in format of 'moduleName' or None if
1757: A function that truncates the input string to fit within specified length. If it exceeds max limit then
1758: Convert the inputted text into Jade Case, where each word's first letter is capitalized
1759: Normalizes the angle difference between two angles. If result is greater than one degree or less then it
1760: Returns an empty string if all elements are not true, otherwise returns the same as input. This function
1761: Calculates the maximum heat conduction coefficient value. 	Inputs are number of elements and layers
1762: Generates an article sample from the given list of relevant and irrelevant articles. The function takes two
1763: Extracts the type of promotional and services from transactions strings in format "PROMO_{
1764: This function subtracts two matrices. If the input is not valid it returns an error message else
1765: Returns the color at given position in colors array. 0 is blue and so on up to gray
1766: This function takes in an input string of numbers separated by spaces and returns the same number as float but
1767: Takes in list of task names and returns whether all the given ones are finished.  If none
1768: A function that calculates the sleep time based on number of attempts. It returns an integer representing how
1769: checks if the player's input is correct and returns remaining number of attempts. If not then it
1770: Check if the given 'sub' is equal to its reverse. If yes then return true else false
1771: Convert input to number if possible; otherwise return the original data type – one line function that conver
1772: Toggles the visibility of an object. If both objects are open then it closes them otherwise
1773: Convert the input to an Uppercase string  Code snippet : return str_tobecon
1774: Evaluates the given list of phrases and returns their hash values based on provided dictionary .
1775: ... . ``` 			.format() -> "{0} is the number of times
1776: This function returns the result of applying an operation to each element in list. The input is divided by
1777: Returns the maximum overlap between two intervals. If they don't intersect each other return zero else returns
1778: Defines the RELU function. It returns zero if input is less than or equal to z
1779: Checks if all the characters of given string are capital letters.  If any character isn’t
1780: Calculates the T statisitc value between two means with given standard deviations and sample sizes .
1781: Calculates the growth rate of water pressure in an unstable isotope at given temperature and composition using W
1782: Returns the list of bowti e index files based on base name provided as input parameter .  This
1783: This function inverts the order of elements within an array. 	Inputs : Array,
1784: This function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the same output but with each subarray
1785: Return the given string with an underscore character. If not of type `str` it
1786: This function calculates the percentage of users who have purchased from brands. It takes two parameters - number
1787: Calculates the non discrete relative likelihood of two events occurring at different times.  The function takes three
1788: This function returns the number of hours in given minutes.	Inputs : Minute -> Output
1789: Returns the value at given pointer in specified 'Memory' object.  If `Mode` is set
1790: Extracts the DOI suffix from an inputted Protocol'DOIs string, returns it
1791: Check the length of configuration example. ...   # TODO add more details here ...    return
1792: This function groups clients into subsets of size 'size' using the given list. The first subset is
1793: Check if two strings are either the same length by removing exactly 0 character. If they're
1794: This function checks if an IP address falls into the multcasting range – ie., it
1795: A function that converts an arbitrary Python Object into its equivalent ascii representation or the first line
1796: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Function.  It is used in backpropag
1797: Flips the order of elements in an input tuple.  For example, if you have ('a
1798: This function returns the required number of leading whitespace.  If string is longer than needed then it
1799: Calculates the average of all elements in an array. 	Inputs : list, numpy
1800: A function to subtracting two vectors.  Returns the result as another list of numbers .   #
1801: A function to add two numbers.  If one of the operands is None or False then it
1802: Compute the ratio of two numbers in python function formatting as per the problem statement .
1803: Refactor the trademarke' s information into one dictionary per company, with each entry containing all
1804: Returns the number of times 'End' appears in list. If it is at end, return one
1805: Convert dictionary to standard output format using keys and values of the given item as input parameters – prints
1806: Fetch job status information from Jenkin' s API endpoint using the provided URL .  The response
1807: Convert the contrast ratio between two colors to their relative brightnesses in terms of luminosity or intensity difference
1808: This function takes in an input list of strings and returns the string that is formed by joining all elements
1809: Returns the nth element of list. If position is out range it throws an exception .   [
1810: Get the list of feature objects from GeoJSON data  Code snippet used to extract and return
1811: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same elements, but with each line pref
1812: Computes maximum likelihood estimation of temperature. 	Inputs are number neutral molecules and expected relative mole
1813: Convert the given game board into its tuple representation.  This function takes as input an object representing current
1814: This function takes as input the list of scalefactores and returns new lists where each element is
1815: Calculates the Rey's number.  Input is velocity of fluid in m s^−
1816: A function to determine the orientation of three points. Returns an integer indicating whether they are clockwise or
1817: Check if string s contains any character in the list of characters.  If so return True else False
1818: Convert 4d point from camera coordinate system to image plane. This function takes in the coordinates of
1819: This function builds the TOs of an object. It takes in parameters to determine whether or not each
1820: This function calculates the Mean Squared Error between two time Series. The input is expected
1821: This function returns the maximum element in an array. It uses recursion to find it, but is
1822: Clean the text by removing newline and tab characters from it, then return cleaned version of input string
1823: Calculates the body weight of an individual based on their height and gender . The formula used is derived
1824: Returns the mean and variance of an interval. The formula used is based on uniform distribution which has equal
1825: Create an API URL. 	Inputs : host -> the server' s domain name or
1826: Normalizes the given 'Reading' between ‘min’ and maximum values. If Reading is less
1827: A learning rate schedular that decreases the LR by factor of .1 at every tenthous
1828: Convert string into integer or floating point number if possible; otherwise return the original input as it was in
1829: Delete all occurrences of an element in list.  Returns new List after deletion . If
1830: Retrieves the value associated with key from pair list. If not found returns an empty array .
1831: Convert the given bio formatting to standard one line per sentence and return as string .  This function
1832: Set the bit at position 'k' in an integer value. 0 <= K < w where
1833: Checks if the given input can be considered as an unsigned integer. This function returns true
1834: This function calculates the height of an object on top or bottom side when it hits another.
1835: This function returns the CEPs message with prefix and suffix, if it is valid or not."
1836: Convert string to ASCII values of the characters in it and then convert them back into their original form
1837: This function checks if the given string is related to DNA. If it's one of three common
1838: This function calculates the number of iterations needed to complete one epoch. It takes two parameters - total
1839: This function takes as input an ordered list of strings and returns the same elements but without duplicates.
1840: Return common items in two lists.  If the first item of both list is equal then it returns
1841: Constructs the shortest path from one node to another in graph using Depth First Search.
1842: Convert the input into an equivalent floating point number within specified limits – real part only . If it
1843: Returns the indentation level of an input string. If it's not valid, returns zero
1844: This function checks if the input string "To Search" has 'hello' in it, case ins
1845: Checks if the first character of an input string 'sends special message'.  If it does
1846: Generates URL path format. 	Inputs : Version ID , Resource Name and Method name .
1847: Flips the first and last of an inputted full or partial Name string, returning it as one
1848: Calculates the partial mass ratio of two molecules given their velocities and distances – using an approximation
1849: Generates an HTML table header row from the given list of column names – each name is converted
1850: Returns the quantization of zoom level. If input is zero, returns constant value at that point in
1851: This function formats the Maven jar name. It takes two parameters group id and artifcat ID
1852: Returns the intersection of ‘two lists’. The function uses recursion to find common elements between
1853: Adds the necessary functions to display status of live and non - livestatuses. –
1854: Check if the parameter name ends with "_name" or not, excluding "disp_" prefix
1855: A function to perform Binary Search on an Array. It returns the position of element in sorted list
1856: This function takes in the name of an event and returns its order number as per given scenarios .
1857: This function returns the indices of all non-"N" characters from right to left, which are used
1858: Checks if the given position in one of two regions overlaps with another.  If so returns
1859: Check if the counter is at or after one of two periods. If so return true else false .
1860: Defines an add function. 	Inputs : two numbers or floats . Returns the sum
1861: This function returns the integer that represents whether number is positive, negative or zero. It's used
1862: Split an RGB value into its components. Returns the three primary colors in order red green blue .
1863: A function to calculate the value of an "ackerman" number. The formula is defined as follows
1864: Checks if the input text can be converted to an integer.  If so returns true else false
1865: A function that removes duplicates from an inputted array. It uses recursion to traverse the
1866: A function that returns the value of 'ramp' when called with an argument. If input is
1867: A recursive function to calculate the nth Fibo number. The time complexity is O((
1868: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes.  The intersection is calculated as area
1869: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was run through Python'
1870: Generates tags based on input parameters if available else uses default values or throws an exception .  [
1871: Filter out palindromes from the list of strings. This function takes as input an array
1872: Returns the hosts information from an API response object as tuples of key value pairs with each tuple
1873: Calculates the Lennard Jones potential energy between two particles at given distance and parameters of particle interaction
1874: Clean the mentions in text by replacing them with their unicode replacement character, which is an invisible zero
1875: Convert the string type of 'FollowType' to an integer value using dictionary mapping . get() method
1876: Checks if the given entry represents an skipped tuple. This function returns true when it
1877: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points.  The function takes in as input an array
1878: Split the text into parts of equal length. If 'split' is not possible to divide even
1879: Compute the beta variance of two numbers. This is used in calculating confidence intervals and other
1880: Returns the color of positive interaction. If no value is provided, it defaults to blue."
1881: Convert bounding box coordinates from model to center form . The function takes as input the original coordinate of
1882: Convert list of strings to answer string. 	Inputs : List[str] -> str
1883: A function that returns the index of an element in list. If not found it will return '-1
1884: This function checks if the number of runs in an experiment is greater than or equal to minimum required
1885: Count the number of digtis that are either simple or have only one digit length and can be represented
1886: Parses the mask from an input string.  Returns only part of it, after 'Mask
1887: Filter out non letter characters from string – using is alpha() method to check if character belongs in
1888: A function that tries to find the given pattern in any of its substring.  If found it
1889: Add two coordinates. If the result is out of range [8] then return false else true .
1890: Convert degree minute second to decimal format .   Code : Converts the given input of Degree
1891: This function checks if the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking
1892: This function returns the reward based on how many earned and remaining distances. If no more point is gained
1893: A recursive function to calculate the power of logarithm. It's used in some algorithms that
1894: This function calculates the number of correct and total predictions made by comparing two lists.  It returns
1895: Returns number of digis in given lockerNumber. If it is less than 3 then return
1896: Compute the R parameter.  The function computes and returns value of 'R' which is
1897: This function returns the positions of all occurrences ('n') within an input DNA/RNA
1898: Returns the vector of values that represent an object's position in space with respect to another point on
1899: A recursion based solution to find the NTH FIBONACCI number. It uses mem
1900: Extracts the title of an article from Wikipedia' page. If not found, returns none."
1901: Calculates the arithmetic mean of values. 	Inputs : list, Output - float or
1902: Returns the target coverage if more than five lines are uncovered else returns half of initial coverages as
1903: Check if the first character of string 's', which represents an object, method attribute.  Returns
1904: Convert the given value to decimal form, taking into account if it's already in percentage format or
1905: Check if the input expression can be considered nonnegative.  If it's an integer or floating
1906: Get the name of an entity's creator. If no such information exists, return 'G
1907: A function to receive data from the socket and decode it into string format using specified number of bytes
1908: Returns the learning rate of each specified Optimizer. 	Parameters : dict -> list or tuple
1909: A function to calculate the Factorial of an input integer. It uses recursion and memoization
1910: Convert Fahrenheit temperature into CELSIUS using the formula of conversion from faren
1911: Checks if the given input can be converted to numerically.  If it's an integer
1912: Code defines functions to find the symetric differences and intersections between two lists.  The three
1913: Returns the difference between corresponding elements of two lists.  This is used to calculate weight differences from one
1914: Returns true if the given coordinates are within New World.  Coordinates should be between (-97
1915: Generates environment dependency metadata. 	Inputs : elem -> Element to be checked and the
1916: Calculates the derivative of dy/dx at point ∫. .   [...]    return
1917: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI series iteratively.  The input is an integer
1918: This function returns the elements of first input that are not present as an element on second.  It
1919: Convert Hexadecimal to Decimals.	Inputs : A string of one or
1920: This function calculates the output size of deconvolutional layer. It takes input and kernel sizes
1921: Remove the last three characters from string if they are "/" and "return".  If not,
1922: Convert millisecond timestamp to seconds.	Input format is ms, output type will be s . e
1923: Calculates the resistivity of an object given its length and area.  The formula is derived from
1924: Filter the dataframe by specific keys and their corresponding value.  If 'value' parameter isn’
1925: Returns the keys of short cut list.  Code is used to generate hints based on shortcut lists .
1926: This function is used to calculate the smooth curve of type one at time point 't' with parameter
1927: Calculates the average length of all sentences within given list/array 'sentences'.  The function
1928: Swap the first and last characters of each word in string. 	Inputs : A String
1929: Convert weight from one unit to another using the conversion factor provided by user input or default value if not
1930: Redirection of the current request to another URL.  If no redirections are needed then returns
1931: Generates the next generation of individuals in an evolutionary algorithm.  The new individual is created by
1932: This function checks if the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking
1933: Returns the closest FIBONACCI number to given input. If two numbers are equally close then
1934: This function takes two parameters and returns the result of applying some mathematical operations to them. The operation is
1935: Calculates the linear interpolation between two points in an array of counts based on their positions within that
1936: Remove the given 'prefixed' subtext from an input text if it exists in that context;
1937: Conductitivity to tan delta conversion function - converts the given frequency and material properties into an equivalent
1938: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This is equivalent to counting how many ones are present
1939: Implement RadIX quicKSORT algorithm. 3 way partition scheme is used to divide the
1940: Returns the lam parameter of membranes based on their geometry in cm^1 or mmHg
1941: Check if the first argument is an integer. If not, return false; otherwise true or recursively
1942: This function creates the relations between forms based on their index and previous ones's indices – it
1943: Defines the function to add two numbers.  The input is expected as tuples of integers
1944: Generates an outlines of the best possible hands. The list is used to generate five cards from
1945: Checks if the input string can be converted to an integer. If it does then checks whether that
1946: Encodes the string s by cyclically shifting each group of three characters. If necessary it will also
1947: Returns the number of lensed channels based on input configuration string, which can be either 'G',
1948: Computes the digit's sums of all numbers up to n.  For example, if you
1949: Remove dollar sign from string 	Inputs : str -> Output is an integer . Removes
1950: Determine overall quality status of the given JSON object.  If it is not valid, return False
1951: Split the name of an object into its subcomponents, if possible; otherwise return it as is
1952: This function checks if the year is Leap Year or not. It does so by checking whether it
1953: This function takes in two parameters and returns the corrected coordinates of an object within its bounding rectangle.
1954: Returns True if the last four hexadecimals of an integer are '8' or "
1955: Convert Peca IDs into links that point directly back at the source repository on GitHub
1956: Checks if two trees are the same.  If they have identical paths/names & types but
1957: This function takes in list of verbs and returns the joined string. If there is only one word,
1958: Generates the range of numbers from "start" to “stop”. If it is not
1959: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  The result is an integer if both inputs are integers
1960: A function that calculates the value of variable 'x' based on three other variables and an additional
1961: Code is formatted to include the model name. 	Example input -> 'load("myModel
1962: Parses an input string that may contain commons and returns the result as integer or floating point
1963: Check if any of the elements from list ‘a’ are present within another given array. If
1964: Parses issue name from the given string and returns them as an array of strings if they are
1965: Calculates the size of an array or list. It takes two parameters - 'item' and its
1966: Returns the product of x and itself raised to power 'n' times.  The result is divided
1967: Convert knots to miles per hour	Input -> Output Explanation : Converts the
1968: A function that takes an input sequence and returns the same list with unique elements. It uses dictionary to
1969: Return the given string with its first character turned to uppercase and all other characters lowercased.
1970: A recursive function to generate all possible combinations of numbers within the given limit.  The first argument
1971: Returns the directory of GAMESP UK.  If not recognized, returns input as is .
1972: Returns the name of an instrument based on its type or identifier, converting to uppercase if necessary
1973: Counts the number of items in 'coorList' that are larger than "reference" coordinate
1974: This function sorts the population list by removing dots from end of each element in array and returns total number
1975: Convert the given percentage value into its equivalent GE Level.	Inputs : A float between [low
1976: Clean the input string by removing non ASCII characters and splitting on spaces to get individual word tokens,
1977: Defines the SmoothStep function.  It takes two parameters and returns an interpolated value between
1978: Returns the string representation of an integer inputted by user. 0 is mapped to 'okay
1979: A function to find the largest prime number less than or equal ‘N’. It uses recurs
1980: This function takes an FQDN as input and returns the host name from it by reversing
1981: Returns the clipped value of 'a' if it is less than or equal to ‘b
1982: This function sorts the input list by one column in ascending order, similar to how you would do
1983: Convert bytes to human friendly format. ...		    return "{:.{}f}{}".format
1984: Create and return the string 'Greetings' with inputted names. This function takes
1985: Extracts the specified column from an input list.  If it'll be out off bounds
1986: Calculates the value of e^i*X where X is an array.  This function uses
1987: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
1988: Checks if the input is zero. If it's callably non integer or its value isn
1989: This function returns the first of each quarter in any given year.  It takes as input an ISO
1990: This function pads the given string with leading zeroes. It uses recursion to achieve that by adding
1991: Unpacks the message from "pin <hash>" into its components if it is of format
1992: Sorts an input list of numbers and returns pairs where the first number is odd or even depending on
1993: Expand the grid in 3D space. If coordinates are equal then return -base and add
1994: Checks if the given card set has at least two consecutive pairs.  If it does, returns
1995: Check if the item has calls to LUA functions.  This is done by checking whether it starts
1996: This function rounds the input to nearest integer. If it is negative, then round down; otherwise up
1997: Calculates the exposure time of an integration. 	Inputs : Number Of Integration , R
1998: Convert string s into signature.  The output is the first n characters of input, followed by
1999: Convert an integer to bytes. The result is the byte representation of 'index' in big endian
2000: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from one degree in temperature
2001: A recursive function to find the minimum value in an iterable.  It uses Python's
2002: Parses Manufacturer Data HEX string into serial number. If not provided, returns 'Unknown
2003: Check if the input can be converted to an integer or not and return it as either number type depending
2004: This function returns the maximum degree of any element within an inputted array. If no elements are present
2005: This function returns the learning rate based on an inputted step and decay factor. If it'll
2006: Convert Windows style newline characters to Unix format in the given string of input, and vice vers
2007: Calculates the progress bar's current length based on its percentage of completion.  The maximum possible
2008: Replace multiple occurances of sub string in the given input with another one using recursion –
2009: This function takes two arguments - 'rows' and the maximum width of each column. It returns an
2010: Normalizes the given number of days/hrs and mins into their equivalent in terms on earth
2011: Checks if the first element of list is 'O' and returns true or false accordingly. If
2012: Replaces tokens {imagesFolder}, “Images Folder” and {"reconstruction"} with
2013: Convert an integer to its equivalent in the specified number of bits. The result is returned with '0
2014: Calculates the number of intervals in an Lorenzian Sine Wave Interval, given
2015: Calculates the Manhattan distance between two points.  The function takes as input coordinates of any point
2016: Builds the command line flags to be used with yasm.  This function takes as input an
2017: Convert the first letter of each word to uppercase and remaining letters are converted into lower case –
2018: Convert the last three characters of an inputted number to integer. If less than 4 digits
2019: Get value from JSON dictionary based on the provided parameters; returns default to zero when not found .
2020: Returns the SoftMax function of x, which is an activation Function used in Neural Networks to
2021: This function takes as input an array of points and returns the smallest rectangle that encloses all these
2022: Defines the function to greet someone. If no argument is provided it greets world otherwise with their
2023: Convert the input into an array of lists. If already in form as arrays or single element then return
2024: Returns the list of raw timestamps within given range. 	Inputs : List[str
2025: Remove duplicate entries from the input string s and return it as one line separated by spaces, without any
2026: Clean the CSV file of empty strings.  This function takes in an array/list and returns
2027: Validates if the input is an integer between 1 and  = > 0, inclusive on both
2028: Multiplying two numbers. If one of the arguments isn't number it returns an error message
2029: Convert the input to an integer. If it's already in form of string or number then return
2030: A function to check if the inputted integer 'is prime' by checking divisor upto its
2031: A function that returns the intersection of two lists.  It checks if each element is present at least
2032: Builds resiliency URL with protocol and default to https if not provided by the user  .
2033: A function to generate feature names.  It generates the list of features based on input number 'n
2034: Check if all values are within specified ranges; otherwise raise an exception with error message .   Code sn
2035: Reverse the order of elements within each sublist and reverse all lists at once, then return
2036: A function to limit the range of values. – [1 line] .clamps an input
2037: Returns the lines of text that contain 'pattern' within them from given list or string as input and
2038: Remove duplicate entities from the alert list based on their names and return updated lists of unique entity objects .
2039: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their sum in string format.  For example : if
2040: Set the IRI definitions in Swashbuckle.Swager object  Code length :
2041: Defines the function to greet someone by their name. 	Inputs : String -> Output
2042: Returns the cell reference of an element in column i.  The first character is 'A' to
2043: Computes the scalar product of two 3D vectors. The result is returned as an integer value
2044: Calculates the time to travel given distance and speed. The function takes into account different speeds at various
2045: Convert the given Resource to its default scope.  This is used when no specific scoping information has
2046: Convert TSV to Table format – convert tabular data from string into structured form suitable as input
2047: Calculates the vapor pressure in Pascal. 	Inputs : Temperature and Density of
2048: Trims the tokens in an array to fit within specified maximum length. If there are more than one
2049: Normalizes the pixels of an inputted grayscale or RGB Image. The function takes as its
2050: Fixes the URL if it isn’t valid or not starting with http/ https . Returns an
2051: Returns True if the point with coordinates x and 	y falls within radius 'r' of an
2052: Returns whether two numbers are equal. If they're not the same number then it returns zero otherwise
2053: Returns the value of an API URL from configuration data, but if no such key exists it raises exception
2054: Convert latin text to windows codepage. This function uses recursion and the subroutine
2055: A function to determine the severities of logs.  It takes in log messages and returns their corresponding
2056: This function takes in one list of strings and returns the combined string.  It uses Python's
2057: Calculates the length of tweet text. ...   # TODO add more details here ...
2058: Ensure that the input object 'x' has exactly length of number specified by parameter `nr
2059: Returns the proportion of value within its minimum and maximum values. This function is used to scale
2060: Generates HTML tags. 	Input : string and html_tag - Output = generated Html
2061: This function returns the folder name from given file path.  It uses recursion to find out where
2062: Send the list of servers to specified user. 	Type : Server List Command . Syntax - /
2063: Adds two lists of numbers. Each element in the result is obtained by adding corresponding elements from input
2064: Chunks the given input into chuncks of specified length. If there is no room left in
2065: Calculates the number of neighbouts an electron can have. If it's too far away,
2066: Checks if the given string contains only symbols or digits, and returns True/False accordingly
2067: Check if the namespace name meets certain conditions.  If it's too short or long then return
2068: This function is used to find the maximum possible sum of elements in two subarrays from an array
2069: Remove all the '-:' characters from input string and replace them with '.' . 	Inputs
2070: Finds the closest integer greater than or equal to ‘n’ that is divisible by '
2071: Returns the weight of an object in relation to its position within range. If not inside given ranges return
2072: Computes the product of three points in ℝ³. The input is two lists representing
2073: Remove accent and special characters from the name string, then remove leading/trailing quotes if any exist
2074: Merge two sorted lists.  If one list is null or the other isn't then it
2075: Convert an input string to uppercase using the .UPPER method of Python's built in str
2076: This function removes duplicate tweet ids from the input list. It uses recursion to traverse through
2077: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2078: Check if the given string represents an application zip. 1 line function that returns True when input matches
2079: Returns True if the number of electrons in z atoms is less than or equal to 3. Otherwise
2080: Defines an algorithm to transform the case of each character in input string into its corresponding capitalized version
2081: Sort the list of KeysPoints by response and get top 'N' best.  If there
2082: Detects whether the correlation between two signals is present or not.  If both are empty then
2083: Defines the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Uses Euclid's algorithm to
2084: A function that takes in two sequences and returns the sorted version of their union. The input is assumed
2085: Returns the name of reference with given id. 	Inputs : Reference ID, Output ->
2086: A function that returns the first word in an array of strings where it's feminine form.
2087: Convert time in sec to readble format. For example, convert '1389' into
2088: Builds an URL to the experiment page of given base url . 	Input : Base Url
2089: Check if the given library and type are multi selection. 1st line checks whether it'is
2090: Get the hour part of date and time from input string in YYY/MMDD format –
2091: Check if the input variable 'a' can be considered as an integer or float. If it isn
2092: A function to calculate the power and then apply modular operation. It uses Fast Modular Exponentiation
2093: Convert the input into numerics. If it's string then convert as number; otherwise return original
2094: Returns the result of division by ten. Code is used to divide an input number 'N' into
2095: Transposes the matrix. 	Inputs : Matrix, Output - transposed version of inputted
2096: Convert row to SQL tuple. 10 fields, all string type data in the order of id
2097: Create an array of strings that represent the style when drawing arrows.  If value is negative, draw
2098: Returns the appropriate file based on whether or not FWHM is less than 1/3 of
2099: This function returns the path to save linear regression coefficients in csv format .  It is used by
2100: Split the string into list of strings based on comma, return as result .  [ "choice
2101: Returns list of all the death counts in today' s data.  If no deaths on that day
2102: Find the package of resource.  If no slash found, return none .   # TODO :
2103: Returns the browser url based on whether it's live cd or not. 1/0 -
2104: A recursive function to add two numbers in the form of their binaries.  It uses bit
2105: A recursive function that checks if one given lists is the subset of another. If it's
2106: Returns the color of strands based on whether they are reversed or not, with True being red
2107: Checks if the list of elements ends with an identical item.  If it does then returns True
2108: Add mincss stats to the URL.  If there is already ? present then append MINCss
2109: This function checks if two vectors are the same. It does so by comparing their first elements recursively
2110: Check if the given position is within bounds of an array.  If it's not then return
2111: This function is used to handle packets. It prints the number of each received and processed by printing it
2112: Create an SQL URL. 	Inputs : host name and the Database Name . Returns ->
2113: Converts rates from one unit to another. The conversion is based on the conventions used by
2114: Returns the title of an article in HTML format. 	Inputs : String - Title to be
2115: This function splits the input string into tokens by replacing all dots in it with nothing and then splitting
2116: Converts the first character of each word in input to uppercase, and returns it as output
2117: Implement the DJB algorithm to generate unique hashes. The function takes as input an arbitrary string
2118: Calculates the critical radius of an atom.  The calculation is based on atomic velocity and distance to
2119: This function returns the value of 'satlin's' argument. If it is less than negative
2120: Check if the length of inputted strings are within acceptable limits . If they aren't it raises
2121: Compute the boundig box of given set point coordinates.  The function takes as input an array
2122: A recursive function to calculate the Fibo sequence. The base cases are defined as per usual
2123: Checks if the count is within  [3,9] range. If not it returns false
2124: Returns the name corresponding to an inputted number representing one particular working days in English . e..g
2125: A function that multiplies or divides two numbers depending on which is smaller.  If the first
2126: A function that checks if the file name with an extension matches any of given list – case ins
2127: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The helper method is used in actual
2128: Convert an RBG color to string format. 	Inputs : tuple of three integers in
2129: Exclude custom views from the list of available API EndPoints.  This is useful when you want
2130: This function splits the input date and time into its components – day, month , year etc
2131: Returns the file extension of given filename as string e,g .txt,.csv etc..  if
2132: This function checks if the given URL is handled by AWS STS service or not .  It returns
2133: Removes the first occurrence of 'pattern' from each string. If not found it returns original strings
2134: Convert the input to lowercase and split it into individual characters. Return each character as an item with
2135: This function reverses the string.  It uses recursion to achieve that by taking last character of
2136: Interleaves two lists. If the second list is longer than first one it will repeat elements from
2137: Implemented Binary Search on SORTED ARRAY. Returns true if the number is in
2138: Get the class mask of an IP address. Returns one bit per octet in IPv6 format,
2139: This function takes an URL as input and returns the last part of its path, which is considered to
2140: Convert RGB to XY color space conversion function .   Code is used in the creation of an algorithm
2141: Returns the name of an union type from given list.  The names are joined with '___'
2142: Simplify the product of two numbers by finding common factors.  If no such number exists in
2143: Split the input text into authors and geners using comma as separator, returning them each on
2144: Sorts the list of strings in descending order. 	Inputs : List[str]
2145: Get the first matching item's Key from Dictionary.  If no match is found return 'None
2146: This function adds the initial condition and perturbs index to get final result. 	Inputs
2147: This function checks if the radio software is installed. If not, it will prompt to install or guess
2148: Resize the given 4D bounding boxes to fit within specified minimum size constraints. If they
2149: Looks up the Instance ID of an EC 1.x server with given HostName in
2150: Discards newline characters from the beginning of string.  Useful when you want to remove all
2151: This function calculates the smeared data matrix based on given bandwidth and frequency of signaling centre
2152: Adds two lists of the same length together. If one input parameter missing value returns that non null
2153: Generates the path to access public release genomes in HT format .  The file is hosted on
2154: Returns the nth element of list if it exists. If not existent then returns none .
2155: This function calculates the average of numbers in an input list. If no number is provided, it
2156: Calculates the middle point of two points.	Inputs and Output : Point A ,Point B
2157: This function calculates the decay factor of Learning Rate.  It is used in gradient descent optimization algorithms
2158: Filter out the endpoint objects that have CORE END POINT attributes.  This function is used to
2159: Normalizes the module name by removing '.' or '.model' prefixes from it if they exist
2160: Sort latency keys in ascending order. – Code to be used with the given list of lat
2161: Returns the last component of path p. If no slash is found in it returns None if not
2162: Returns the temperature in Celsius. The formula is derived from Fahrenheit to
2163: Defines the function to check if window size is valid.  If it's less than two
2164: Encode the given 'Action Type' to its corresponding Route if it is prefixed with ""@
2165: This function takes in an input string of format hh::mm and returns the same output with hours
2166: Parses the major version of an X.X implementation from its string representation, e..g
2167: This function returns the filename of training data.  The split id is used to append .JSON extension
2168: Convert string to boolean using case insensitive comparison – yes/ true -> TRUE , no /
2169: Defines binary number conversion functions . 1s and zeros are converted into their respective base numbers
2170: This function subtracts two vectors elementwise.  It returns the result as another list of numbers
2171: Convert the given number of levels to power in scientific notation, i., e..g convert from decimal
2172: Add two lists of numbers together. The first and second arguments are the input arrays to be added up
2173: A recursive function to calculate the iterative version of calculating Factorial. Code is written in Python
2174: This function is used to tidying the robots. It tells one agent that it needs help
2175: Compare two networks. If one network is empty and the other isn't then it returns true if
2176: This function calculates the centroiid of two points in latitude and longtude coordinates
2177: Convert the given value from one SI Unit to another using conversion factor provided by function . The input is
2178: Extracts time data from signal objects and returns it as curves on the form of dictionary list where
2179: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
2180: Checks if an object's name starts with underscore. This function returns true when
2181: Check if the given VLAN ID number valid. A Valid range of an IP address in C
2182: Calculates Young' Modulii from given values of K and D . Returns the moduli in
2183: Finds the first matching birthday among all people. If no match is found returns None else return that
2184: A function that computes the linear combination of two lists. The first element in each list is multi
2185: Convert two numbers to string.  Example usage : print("The name is ", '10',
2186: This function joins the elements of an input list into one string. If there is no such element with
2187: This function returns the given input as an ASCII art banner.  It uses escape sequences to
2188: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2189: Remove 'real bug'.  Code to remove the word "Real" from string if it is not
2190: Find the last watched item in directory. If no items are found return zero indexed position of first
2191: Returns True if there are any profilometry on the given list of plates. False otherwise, considering
2192: 返回一个格式化的字符串，用于帮助命令。如果目标是None
2193: Check if the given 'pkg' belongs to another package.  If it does then return true else
2194: Translates German um Laute und ß to Umlaut and �,Ü
2195: Extracts values from the JSON array.  If no value is found in any of its elements
2196: Calculates the Sensitivity Metric of two events based on their IDs; returns zero if
2197: This function takes in the url of an individual post and returns only its subredit name after removing "
2198: Convert the inputted text into an integer array using Python's built in split() function and map
2199: Remove duplicated data from the given datasets. 	Inputs : List of Dataset, Output
2200: Convert the transcipt to uppercase and remove leading/trailing white spaces from phrase inputted
2201: Implementing learning rate decay. 	Type of Code : Python function .   Length =
2202: Returns the result of applying function f to each element in list lst.  The output is returned
2203: Convert an object to its textual representation.  This function will convert all types of objects into their
2204: Check if the two input lists are equal. If they're not identical in size or contain different
2205: Finds the maximum weight that can be put in knapsack of given 'n' items with
2206: This function returns the block dimensions of different versions/configurations or layer counts based on inputted
2207: Returns the next possible locations of an object in grid based on its current location. The function takes two
2208: Generates default variable names. 	Inputs nVar, the number of variables to generate and
2209: Returns the landscape of given AWS Region.  If not found, returns 'NA'.   .e
2210: Create an HTML anchor tag with the given alt text and URL. This function is used to
2211: Convert underscores to star characters in the given string of input 'Text'. 	Example Input
2212: Check if the first DNA sequence longer than second. --> Return true or false accordingly based
2213: Returns the percentage of value within range [minimum..maxima] that falls into. If all
2214: This function reverses the string.  It uses recursion to reverse each character in turn, starting
2215: Enumerates through the list of medical images.  Returns an enumerated version with each image having
2216: Convert the coordinates of an object bounding box from absolute pixel values to tensorflow's format.
2217: Converts ages from one unit to another. The conversion rates are based on the average human'
2218: A function that calculates the total of squares in an input list. The elements are squashed and
2219: A function that returns the wait interval in seconds based on number of retires. If no more attempts
2220: Print the time taken to execute an operation in millseconds. The function takes two arguments which are tim
2221: Returns the experience points needed to reach next leve in game, which is twice as much higher than
2222: This function generates the name of checkpoints.  It takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding
2223: Find the minimum index in outer zones. If no such an element exists return zero or None if not
2224: Set the bit at given position in an integer. 0 <=offset<36 . This function
2225: Check if the given character represents an integer. If it's zero, return True; otherwise False
2226: Flatens the sequence.  If an element in sequential data structure contains another sequences or lists it
2227: Get the view scope by dicoms in DICOM dictionary. Return as list of four elements representing
2228: Calculates the geometric center of given set or list.  The result is returned as three elements tuple
2229: Checks if list is sorted in ascending order.  If it's unsorted, returns
2230: Convert string values into numbers. If the input value can be converted directly as an integer or floating point
2231: This function checks if an element exists within another. If it does exist then returns that value else raises
2232: Calculates the total scores of 7 different parameters based on their respective weights and sums them up to
2233: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid'
2234: Returns the indent of given string in python language .  It is used to get leading whitespace
2235: Check if the input text can be converted to number. This function will return true only when
2236: A function to check if the number passed in as an argument can be divided evenly by any integer
2237: Extracts the last name from given Full Name. If no semi colon is found then returns whole
2238: Checks if the ports are within valid range.  If they aren't it prints an error
2239: Create an URI string to connect with the PostgreSQL database. 	Inputs : user name ,password
2240: This function checks if the provided column name exists in default parameter set of pandas dataframe or not
2241: Check if the issue has theme tags. ...	def getattr_(self_, attrname
2242: Convert list of tuples into dictionary. Each tuple represents an entry with two elements - the first
2243: Normalizes the package name by replacing underscores with dashes and converting to all lowecase
2244: Checks if the first number is evenly divided by second.  Returns True or False accordingly .
2245: Convert time in seconds into milliseconds.	Input -> Time as Second, Output = Mill
2246: Check if the given string contains any characters that are repeated more than once – ie, an
2247: Expand the list of values with 'None's to two elements. If there are no null
2248: This function removes duplicates from the input sequence. It uses recursion to traverse through each element
2249: Clips the input to be within specified range.  If outside of bounds return closest boundary if inside
2250: This function makes sure that the input is within valid range. If not it raises an error message stating
2251: Creates names based on the instances and their indices.  The format of these strings is determined by
2252: Normalize the given SHA hash to its original form if it is not recognized by our system or
2253: This function generates an array of length 'n' in reverse order. It uses recursion to generate
2254: This function matches two lists by comparing elements at the same position in both. If they are equal it
2255: This function returns the URL to make an API request with Alex's Top Sitelist data
2256: This function takes two arrays and an integer as input parameters; it returns the result of mixing these inputs
2257: Calculates the area of an isosceles right triangle with bases equal to 'a' and
2258: Generates edges of the graph from given list. The function takes two parameters - number 'N'
2259: This function checks if the given input is an actual valid Leap Year. A real world example of
2260: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.	Inputs : 3D array of integers,
2261: This function is used to calculate the hash value of an integer. It uses bitwise operations and has
2262: A function to generate the URL of UTM timeline page based on year and course sessions .
2263: Returns the lowercase version of input string split by spaces, used to identify different platforms .  For
2264: Returns the definition of an individual's score in terms based on their respective grades, if they have
2265: Convert an array of pairwise data into the format required by Annotator.  This function takes
2266: Returns the elements of 'right hand side' list that are present only on right and none left
2267: A recursive function to solve the problem of choosing items from an array such that each item is less
2268: This function creates and returns an SQL query string from the given keyword list.  It joins all keywords
2269: Computes the inverse of an inputted Quadternary number.  Input is expected to be
2270: This function pads the sequence with specified value until it reaches maximum length.  If current size of input
2271: Encodes special characters to HTML entities using the encode() method of string objects."  [10
2272: Adds the given 'amount' to each of red green and blue components. If resulting value exceeds
2273: Returns whether the K' th bit of byte is set.  This function uses binary operations to determine
2274: 3 variables are sorted in ascending order. The first two elements of the list can be used
2275: Generates an array of points on the line y=mx^c mod p.  m and
2276: This function calculates the median of latitude and longitudes from given list.  It uses map
2277: Reads the point from input file. 	Input format is "x y z". Returns tuple
2278: Returns the string 'c' followed by inputted strings with underscores replaced 	with spaces
2279: Check if the input list of 1D or multi dimensional array contains at least three elements. If
2280: A function to calculate the sum of two points in 3D space. The input is represented as
2281: Adds trailing / to the URL if it doesn't already end with one.
2282: This function loops through the given windows and returns all of them that have been accessed by any process with
2283: A recursive function to calculate the largest power of two less than or equal input number. If no
2284: Extract energy units from the given textual representation of an electrical power conversion factor, e.. g
2285: Returns the result of adding 4 to x and multiplying by fvcfcvfc vvv
2286: This function takes two arguments representing the current number of parts in an assembly line and returns how many more
2287: Get the path of an image resource in media files.  If file is None, return default fall
2288: Convert the given number of minutes to seconds. The result is in format "minutes :seconds .
2289: Returns only the instances with id "cloud object storage" from inputted resources.  This function is
2290: Returns the ratio of difference between two values. If they are equal return NAN and Na if not
2291: This function calculates the curve of films based on their ratings and returns them as percentages .
2292: This function calculates the decay factor of an IRB to Gate error. It takes as input two
2293: Defines the parameter with given parameters. 	Type of argument is string and returns an object that
2294: Calculates the percentage of CPU time used by process.  		    . The function takes four parameters
2295: Convert the given number into its equivalent zero to ten representation.  For example, if input is between
2296: Code defines the function q with parameters of type float and returns an integer value . The result is calculated
2297: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output but with each string converted to
2298: A recursive function that repeats an element. The result is the repeated elements in list form as
2299: Normalizes the covariance type.  If 'coverage' is given, it will return its equivalent
2300: Builds controllable objects from the given definitions.  The first definition is used to create an
2301: Returns the weight of swimmer based on their age and sex . If they are male then it returns
2302: Format the given text to remove brackets and quotes, then replace newlines with actual line breaks in
2303: Clean the first line of text.  If it starts with '.' then remove that character from start
2304: This function calculates the average of numbers in numList. 	Inputs : list, Output
2305: Checks if the input is zero. This function returns true when it receives an integer or
2306: A function to calculate the score of matching two strings. The scoring system is based on how many characters
2307: Encode the input x to Gamma distribution using inverse of cumulative density function .	Inputs
2308: Build an SQL insert statement with the given table and fields to be inserted data – e..g
2309: Create and return the user agent string with given prefix . 	Parameters : str -> The User
2310: Convert complex parameters to log scale and replace . with _ in the parameter names of fft function calls
2311: Convert the value of an integer to start and end slot numbers. The range is inclusive at both ends
2312: Returns the weight of an object in its container's sort order based on it’ s configuration settings
2313: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
2314: This function returns the project details in dictionary form.  The input parameters are all required and must be
2315: Calculates the fraction of how much space is occupied by documents in relation to total available size.
2316: A recursive function that loops through the given color list and replaces each instance of "{color
2317: Check if values and sizes of tensors are equal. If they aren't it raises an error
2318: Create and return the string representation of residue name with number.  The format is 'name':
2319: Rename the given 'Element' with its corresponding Charge. If it is zero then return as
2320: Clip the rectangular area of one to another. If they don't intersect then return none else
2321: Find the maximum of minimums.  This function takes as input an array and returns its peak to
2322: This function returns the minimum value in list of dimensions.  It sorts by first dimension and then takes
2323: Convert JACCARD similarity to DICE coefficient.	Inputs : float, Output ->
2324: Merge all elements in the block into one string. 	Inputs : list of strings,
2325: Calculates the sensible heat flux in watts per square meter given an initial temperature and pressure of water
2326: Calculates the probability of two independent samples from different populations.  The result is an average value between
2327: Check if two points in 3D space have an adjacent position. If they do not then return
2328: A function to calculate the weights of different types views.  It takes an array with two elements and
2329: Calculates the bandwidth of an ERB signal in dB/Hz based on frequency response function curve .
2330: This function calculates the amount of tokens to be transferred from A account balance in order that it matches
2331: Convert the input to tangent using arccotangents and return it as output  .
2332: Finds the first file name that contains given string.  Returns 'None' when no such files
2333: Returns true if the input is 'y', else false. 	Inputs : String ->
2334: This function takes as input an array of lists, and returns the same list but with each element moved
2335: Return the href attribute of class name in camel case formatting . e..g.,
2336: This function returns the highest and lowest peaks in an array of numbers. It uses recursion to find
2337: Convert an object into its equivalent Python List. If the input isn't already in form of python
2338: A recursive implementation of the KnapSACK problem. It returns maximum value that can be put
2339: Get the value of an installed configuration attribute with optional fallback to provided one if it doesn't
2340: Clamps the value of 'X' between [-∞, +∝] or [+
2341: Convert an array of numbers into strings. 	Inputs : list[int], Output = List
2342: A function to generate the list of gifts.  The input is an integer representing how many gif
2343: A function that calculates the products of all other elements in an array. The input is two lists
2344: Convert configuration data to ESPEI format.  Converts the given list of configurations into an
2345: Convert string to float. 	Inputs : List of strings containing numbers as textual representation .
2346: Checks if all the specified files are present. If not it returns false otherwise true  . The
2347: Checks if the input string sa\_ids no. has exactly 10 digits and starts
2348: Checks if the string starts with digit and then checks each character in order to see whether it'
2349: Checks if the input value can be considered as an integer. 1 scalar means it's
2350: Check if the given name is an exportable identifier.  This function checks whether or no, it
2351: Calculates the length of RSA key in bits. Returns an integer value representing bit size or '-
2352: Normalises the service name by removing special characters, spaces and converting to lowercase 	Example usage
2353: Returns the hour rate of cycling based on total hours worked. The input is number to be calculated
2354: Generates an array of numbers from start to end with the given increment.  For example if you
2355: This function takes in comma separated string and returns list of keyword value pairs .  It uses recursion
2356: Defines functions floor(), ceiling() & divides two numbers.  If the second number isn'
2357: This function takes in an input string and returns the reversal of that message.  It uses recurs
2358: Convert Julian day to Modified julien date .'s function takes in one argument, the
2359: Calculates the score of an algorithm. The input is two integers A and/or integer representing number
2360: Return the name of an image file without its path or extension . Return None if it is
2361: Returns the mapping value of given 'Severities'. If not found then returns default as "default
2362: Scales the input 'factor' times. 	Inputs : Signal and Factor .
2363: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers.  Returns None if either number is zero or negative to
2364: 计算给定列表中和为'x', 'y','z': return the product
2365: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it had been encoded using urlencode
2366: Defines function to format string using symbols.  If input type isn’t recognized it will return
2367: Convert between feet and centimeters or conversions from cm to other units of measurement . The input
2368: This function returns the name of an integer as per its position in months. If it's not
2369: Calculates the mean of two numbers. This function takes in an array and returns its first element minus
2370: Calculates the time required to repeat an object of given width and height in milliseconds based on
2371: Flatens the inputted nested lists into one dimension.  If an element of 'input' array
2372: Maps the given list of tuples to return an attribute mapping that is reversible and unique
2373: This function takes in two parameters - word and an integer. It returns the positive version of given number
2374: Check if all elements in the 'Expected' list are present within ‘Collect’ . If yes
2375: Convert an integer to binary. If the number is less than or equal one, return it directly in
2376: Check if two domains have the same top level .com or similar extension – case insensitive comparison
2377: Returns the size of list lst. 			[1 point] Code is used to find out
2378: Lookup module. Returns the name of an imported python file or directory as per its path
2379: A function to compute the integer square root of an input number. It uses binary search algorithm with recurs
2380: Checks if all characters are unique.  If not, returns false; otherwise true." S
2381: Send an email to the recipient with sender' name and custom text. This function is used
2382: Calculates the Area of Triangle.	Inputs : base and Height . Returns ->
2383: Returns the last four years of given date range. For example, if input is [198
2384: Checks if the given object can be considered as scalar. 1 scalars are ints or
2385: Convert the given filename into an id string by removing .png or jpg extension if present, else
2386: This function finds the position of an element in list. If it is not found then returns '-'.
2387: Converts the given degree value to gradian. The conversion is done by multiplying it with
2388: A function that returns data without string keys from the input dictionary . 	Inputs : Dictionary of
2389: Convert an IP address to integer and back. This function takes in the binary representation of any valid IPv
2390: Convert list of routes to path string.  Each element can be either an integer or dictionary with name
2391: This function returns the separators used in CSV files.  It takes as input one of four
2392: Create an URL from the given file system paths, using HelioN's base domain and
2393: Calculates the model's prediction precision. If both inputs are provided then it calcula...
2394: This function finds all occurrences of sublists in one list that are equal or partially contained within
2395: Convert family id to HOID.  If the length of input is less than or equal zero
2396: Check if the input object 'dict' has keys "region" & 	"NeuroPixel
2397: This function checks if the hand is in order. It does so by checking whether all of its elements
2398: Returns whether the temperature is within range of given percentage and absolute value – if it's below
2399: Linear interpolation function.  Returns the value of an object at position 'pos' between two
2400: Check if the given path contains real data. 0f true, return false otherwise . If it
2401: Check if two spans are exactly the same.  If they have different lengths or contain unequal
2402: Removes all keys with empty values from the given dictionary object – Mapping Object . The function
2403: This function calculates the daily intakes of calories based on BMR and an inputted level
2404: Returns the argument if it's 41, otherwise raises an exception.   [code]
2405: Join the given identifier with an optional prefix from another name space.  If no other namespaces are
2406: Remove .css extension from file names in the given directory or files, if present; otherwise return original
2407: This function partitions the input list into 'n' parts. Each part is of equal size and returns
2408: Returns the list of files that are not present after moving.  This function uses recursion to tra
2409: Check if the tree or sublist at given position has balance. If it does not have any children
2410: Finds the peak in an array. If there is more than one, returns first found Peak else
2411: Creates hash value from sub string. The function creates the hashing algorithm by multiplying current character
2412: Transform the input vector 'u' using linear transformation matrix.  The output is computed as follows
2413: Get the type from schema property.  If it's null or not an array return its value
2414: Create line equation.  Given slope and y intercept of the form `y = ax+b
2415: Count the number of ways to make change. This function uses dynamic programming and recursion with memo
2416: Returns the same word repeated as many times it is.  For example, if you call "answer
2417: Remove duplicate non disjoint tuple spanned in the given input.  If there are multiple overlapping ranges
2418: Returns the appropriate form of word based on whether number is 0/negative. If it's
2419: Check if the input string 'x' has no characters or white spaces only, return True when it
2420: Update dictionary 'b' values into the same place as keys of dictonary ‘A’
2421: Returns the last element of list with priority.  If there is no such an item in array then
2422: This function takes two cards and returns the first card's suit followed by its rank.  For
2423: Returns the type of edit required to change one string into another by replacing characters or deleting them if possible
2424: Returns True if the input value "v" represents an anonymous function. Otherwise returns False .
2425: This function returns the parameters of an EfficientNet model based on its name in string format . The
2426: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization technique of dynamic programming . The
2427: Convert an Unsigned Integer to Bytes. This function converts the given number into bytes and
2428: Returns the word and its tags combined in one line.  The original method is used to get these
2429: Generates the output subfolders based on input parameters. If no parameter provided then it returns
2430: Returns the list of discard segments in an area. If not applicable returns empty array .	Parameters
2431: A function that generates the first n FIBONACCI numbers as strings. The sequence starts with
2432: Recursively cuts off the longest segment until it is shorter than given time. If no such cut
2433: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence at given index. The first two numbers of
2434: Replace the timezone of UTC by its equivalent local one based on given hour difference with 4
2435: Convert the input value from one range to another.  The conversion is linear and continuous but not exact
2436: Removes the specified file extension from given string.  If no match is found it returns original name
2437: Checks if the given number can be expressed as binary and then checks whether it'd form Pal
2438: This function breaks up the input string into individual word tokens using space as delimiter and returns them
2439: Adds sign to positive numbers. 	Input -> Output Example : Input = 1, output
2440: This function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula √((
2441: Convert the given pumping time to milliliters.  The conversion factor is provided as an input
2442: Trims leading and trailing spaces from the string 'str' . 	Input : str,
2443: Calculates the speed of an object moving horizontally in meters per second based on distance and
2444: This function filters observations based on their distances from the observer. It returns True if observation is within range
2445: This function takes four arguments and returns the negative of each one.  It's used to create
2446: Flatens the list of dictionary objects. If it's simple term, returns as one element array
2447: Adds two numbers recursively. The function adds the first number to another one by adding it until
2448: This function returns the name of an Entity based on its type and prefixes if it is
2449: Check if the inputted value represents yes in any case sensitive manner – ie., 'Y
2450: Builds an affine transformation matrix.	Input parameters are the upper left x and y coordinates of
2451: Return the character at position of string 'last letter' in reverse order. If there is
2452: Check if the input object represents an SARIF report.  If it does then return true else
2453: Returns the bit at given 'index' in number. If num is not positive integer then it returns
2454: Calculates minimum & maximum indices of an array/list based on user's provided start / stop
2455: Joins the list of verbs into one string. 	Inputs : List[str] -
2456: Returns the URL of an NHL player's profile on statsAPI . ...
2457: Create an Event Message. 	Inputs : Identifier and the type of events to be created
2458: Returns the inputted array duplicated. – Code explanation and usage example provided below .   -
2459: Fixes the big drum by adding one tick to each hit sound.  If it's not
2460: Get the name of an employee's supervisor. If no such information exists return NULL if there
2461: Check if the given path starts with http, https or ppdetcat scheme – returns True
2462: Returns the first occurrence of an item in list.  If it is found at any position then returns
2463: Validates if the inputted argument 'options' or ‘values’ are lists. If they
2464: Returns the interpolation factor between two values within range [min_value..max_val]. If
2465: This function returns the length of one or more consecutive sequences that are all identical up to but not including
2466: Create or modify URLs from flairs text inputted by the user, if it doesn't
2467: Checks if the function or method x has one of several operators. The operator can be any call
2468: This function calculates the coefficients of an equation that represents Bernstein polynomials. The first coefficient is always
2469: This function calculates the Hubert distance. It returns one if MahaLANOBIS Dist
2470: Returns list of rows from 'items' where at least one element is present among the provided "keys
2471: Generates the URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs on BioConductors website
2472: A function that checks if the string is composed of all distinct characters.  If it's true
2473: Get the name of scheduler function. 	Inputs : Stack Name, Output -> Sc
2474: This function returns the smallest value from an array.  It does so by iterating through each element
2475: Calculates the CatMulRom spline at one point in 6D space with four
2476: Processes the data from an image captioning model.  The input is expected to be list
2477: Parses and returns the results of an ElasticSearch Search in string format 	Formatting
2478: This function checks if the given constraints are met. If not it returns zero and sets up to meet
2479: Divide two numbers. 	Inputs : Value and the number to be divided by . Returns
2480: Convert bounding box to area.  The input is in the format [x, y ,w
2481: Computes the F measure of two sets based on their respective precisions and recalls using harmonic mean
2482: This function prints the command line arguments. It is used to test how argparse works in Python script
2483: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if all spaces were removed from it
2484: Checks if the given string contains only whitespace characters or no character at all, ie.,
2485: A function to check if the given input 'Year' parameter represents an actual leap Year. It checks
2486: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within the specified number of decimal points.  For example is
2487: Convert hyphenated function names to underscore format in python files and functions within the current directory or
2488: Normalizes the starting point of an array. If it's negative or greater than dimension size then
2489: This function ignores the specified extensions in given directories and subdirectories recursively  . The result
2490: This function takes two arguments and returns the element at index 'index' of an array. It uses
2491: Map HTTP response codes to their corresponding success/error messages or other information .e..g., IN
2492: A function to return the appropriate name of an actor or actress based on their gender and character'
2493: Returns the number of items in an object.  For example, if you have [3] it
2494: Encodes an integer into sequence of characters using the given symbol set.  If input string provided then
2495: Check if the given string represents an HTTP URL or not 	True - it'll be considered
2496: A function to check if the input can be converted into an integer or floating point number. If it
2497: Check if the inputted argument can be considered as an audio channel. This function will return
2498: Calculates the absolute difference between each pair of elements from two lists. Then applies an arbitrary function to
2499: Calculates the percent of assembly length. 	Inputs : Assembly Length and Total Assembl
2500: This function takes an input string and returns the same as its argument but with all non numerics characters
2501: This function takes as input an array of real numbers and returns the same size, where each element is
2502: A function that adds two to every third element of the list. If an item is greater than equal
2503: Compare two sets of data points and return true if they are equal else false 	Input ->
2504: Resize the image to fit within given dimensions. This function takes two parameters - 'img
2505: A function that returns the argument list type.  It recursively calls itself to handle nested lists and
2506: Calculates the square of an input. Returns float number as output . ...	.   ..
2507: Remove namespace from string.  If the first character of input is "{" then remove it, else
2508: Check if the year provided as input by user, whether it's leap. If yes then return
2509: Convert the given symbolic representation of memory to its human readable form.  For example, '.'
2510: Check if there are any files that aren't being track by git.  If so, return
2511: A function that implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers.  It uses recurs
2512: Search in Matrix. Given an m x n integer grid where each cell contains either integers from the set
2513: Implementa una función que realiza la operación de restar dos n�meros bin
2514: Calculates the temperature and pressure at given height in m using linear interpolation between two points of known
2515: Filters the input based on its type and content – only returns true if it matches with given
2516: Creates an n x 1 grid. Each cell is initially empty and can contain any type of
2517: Count the number of descending prime sequences that can be formed from given numbers and their heads. The
2518: This function takes in an iterable of strings and returns the same elements but with dashes replaced by
2519: Create list of substrings from string, excluding first and last character .  If the resulting strings
2520: A recursive function to calculate the sum of squares. Code is used in calculating Fibonac
2521: Returns the date in ISO 8601 format.	Inputs : year ,week and
2522: Removes leading zeros from the string.  If there are no digits in it, returns
2523: Appends zero to the left of numbers less than 19. For example, if you
2524: Checks if one string starts another.  If the first character of x matches with that in y
2525: A recursive function to generate the first 'N' FIBONACCI numbers. The base
2526: Normalizes the slot names to lower case and removes spaces between word characters if they exist; otherwise returns
2527: Remove parentheses break from the list of strings.  This function will return an empty array if
2528: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  The input is expected to be tuples or
2529: This function calculates the amount of money an investor would receive after receiving loan with given annual and
2530: A function to generate the first n numbers in FIBONACCI sequence. The input is an
2531: This function converts measurements from millimeters to inches using the conversion factor of .   Inches
2532: This function calculates the brightness of an RGB color. The formula used is based on human perception and
2533: Retrieves the task id from either message's header or its payload, depending on whether it
2534: A recursive function that calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It returns an error message
2535: Convert string to ASCII values. 	Input -> String s; Output = List of integers
2536: Adds an element to the list if it' not already there.  If so returns original else
2537: Compute the deviation between two points in terms of tolerance limit and return it as an absolute value if
2538: Check if the given workspace id is present within list of names. This function returns true
2539: Remove duplicated elements from the list. This function uses recursion to traverse through each
2540: This function performs right rotation on an integer. It is similar to the bitwise shift operator '>>
2541: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2542: Returns the string representation of an object.  If it is not possible to convert, returns None
2543: This function pads the given region by adding specified margin to all sides.  It returns new coordinates of
2544: Sorts the given list of locations by their latitude. 	Inputs : List [t
2545: This function calculates the depth of two points in 3D space. It uses linear algebra to
2546: This function returns the hemisphère of an inputted geographical coordinate.  It takes in
2547: A recursive function to calculate the product of two numbers. It uses addition as repeated subtraction operation
2548: Return the minimum between two values. If one of them isn't defined or if they are equal
2549: A function to look up an element in the dictionary.  If found it returns that value else if
2550: Convert the input string to uppercase and replace all spaces with underscores in it, then return
2551: Convert query string parameters to integers 	Inputs : A comma separated strings of numbers as input and
2552: Convert the given language and region to lowercase or upper case based on whether it contains '-' ('
2553: A function that returns the position of an element in list or array. If it is found within given
2554: Returns the maximum depth of tree or subtree rooted at given input Node object."
2555: This function merges bins of the same distribution. It uses two helper functions to find out which bin
2556: Filter out all elements in the array that are not of type int or float. 	Type checking
2557: Implement binary searching algorithm. Code to find the index of given number in an array/list using
2558: Checks if the grades are identical.  If they're not then it returns True else False
2559: Returns the new position of an object after moving left. If it can'nt be moved anymore returns
2560: Checks if the given object has standard output allocation routin.  Returns True or False . If
2561: A function that returns the unique elements of an iterable. It uses stable sorting to maintain order
2562: Count the number of unique and total characters in poem string . ...	def count_ch
2563: A function to check if the value passed in as an argument can be considered "not available" or
2564: A function that generates the path to reach from one number 'a' towards another. The numbers are
2565: Generates member declarations from list of tuples.  Each tuple contains name and type,
2566: Convert the given 'Value' from one range to another.  The conversion is done by scaling and
2567: Return the intersection of two crops. 	crops are represented as tuples or lists
2568: A function that checks if an array is sorted. It uses recursion to solve the problem by comparing
2569: A function that generates the longest increasing subsequence in an input list.  The output is also returned
2570: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
2571: Map the value from one range to another. 	Inputs are values and ranges of input data
2572: Check if the given 'Domain' is present as one of its possible values.  If it exists
2573: Parse the input into an array of strings. If it's already parsed as such return that
2574: Extracts the text and digit part of an input string into two separate strings respectively by checking each
2575: Filter out the camera lists that are either empty or contain more than ten characters. Return true if all
2576: Normalizes the input to be between zero and one. If it is less than or equal too minimum
2577: Returns the first four elements of an array divided by 10. If less than or equal to
2578: Selects data from the given accumulator based on provided function. If no selection is required then returns
2579: Check if the point is on an edge of polygon. This function checks whether given points are
2580: Returns the flip Angles of an object.  If not available returns UNKnown .   [
2581: Get the display name of an object from its unique identifier.  If not found return null .
2582: This function replacess all spaces in the inputted text with underscores and returns it as
2583: Remove all spaces from the string and return it as one line of text without any extra space in between
2584: Check if the input is of correct length and contains only numbers separated by commas, then return it
2585: This function returns the type of relationship between two entities. It can be uni or bi depending on
2586: This function returns the type of workdays based on input keys, it can return MONTH
2587: Calculates the average of data. 	Inputs : list, tuple or numpy array .
2588: This function takes in an array of dictionaries and returns the same structure with duplicate names renamed.
2589: Returns the prefix of an DOI from its full URL or identifier if it exists in our database else
2590: This function takes an array of segments to split into combos. It also accepts another list/array
2591: Generates all possible unique non overlapping sequences of 'N' characters from the given input string "
2592: This function sets the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. 0 <= N
2593: Replace the first occurrence of given `replaceTokenString` in each element within an array.
2594: Calculates the VibrIndex based on NDVI and DBI. 	Inputs
2595: A recursive function to calculate the result of multiplying two numbers. The number is calculated by dou
2596: Invert the coordinates of given list. 	Inputs : List[Tuple[(int ,
2597: A function that returns the schema of an item with given parameters . The returned value is always "Schema
2598: This function takes two parameters - an array of integers representing the number counts per channel and another integer that
2599: A function that converts time delta into seconds .   Code snippet : ## END CO
2600: Convert the given frequency to imaginary permittivities in ohm^3/MHz . The formula
2601: This function returns the mood level based on total happiness. It's used to determine how much of
2602: Calculates the volume of an object with given dimensions. 	Inputs : Dimensions in cubic
2603: This function replaces the { $ origin } placeholder in given string with actual value of ' ORG
2604: Convert string into integer or return zero when not possible .e g "134a6"
2605: Returns the value of an attribute in parent's robot. If it doesn’t exist returns
2606: Returns the Slacker color associated with given log levels – CRASHES are red , ERRORS
2607: A function that separates the input string into segments of length one hundred. The number in each segment
2608: This function takes two lists as input and returns the division of each pair from both.  It uses
2609: Shift the given list of fragments' ids to match with their corresponding positions in an array.
2610: Apply tariffs based on the time of day. If it's morning or night then applies standard
2611: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2612: Convert long/lattitudes into WKT format. This function takes two parameters -
2613: Convert RGB to hexadecimal. Input is three integers between 0 and FF which represent
2614: A function to calculate the Poichamner symbol. It is used in number theory and combinator
2615: Get the full path of an application's command file in its directory using relative paths to it .
2616: Create and return an empty board of the given 'n' by n dimension. The first row is
2617: Returns the major part of each inputted string as integers, ignoring any non integer characters and sort
2618: Copies all keys and values from one dictionary to another without overwriting existing entries with the same key
2619: Calculates the proportion of elements that are also present within another list.  The function takes three arguments
2620: Format the dictionary of label names and their corresponding values into one line string separated by commas with no
2621: Calculates the F measure of two sets based on their respective precisions and recalls . If either
2622: Calculates the Body Mass Index of an individual. 	Inputs : Weight in kg and L
2623: Convert an object into its equivalent of lists. If the element isn't already within another type that
2624: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, if you call `flattern([[[],
2625: Returns whether two integers are equal. If they're not the same integer then it returns zero otherwise
2626: Returns the time to wait before performing an action at each level of progression in iterations . The default
2627: Convert string to List.  If the input type isn't 'str', return it as an
2628: Rotates the list of elements.  The last element becomes first and all others are shifted to their
2629: Remove duplicated packages from the list.  This function uses recursion to iteratively process each package
2630: Get the host name of an object.  If both 'Pod' &amp;#x0
2631: This function calculates the start activity of an activity list. It starts with 0 and then checks
2632: Remove the header from source file content if it exists and return modified version of that string or original one
2633: This function returns 'Biggest' if the input number is greaterthan 10, else it
2634: This function finds the factors of an inputted integer by checking if it is evenly divided into smaller
2635: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .1967 as given by US
2636: Calculates the value of an integer. The function calculus is used to compute and return resultant
2637: This function groups the given list of 'Racers' by their closing times.  It returns
2638: This function returns the result of integer division. If divisor is zero it will return 'zero'
2639: Calculates the area of rectangles. 	Inputs : Base and Height . Returns Area
2640: Check if two given operations are equal. If they're both less than ("less"), greater equals
2641: Zip the contents of directory path and save it to archive object "zih".  The function
2642: Returns all dictionaries from the list that have given 'value' as their corresponding to specified dictionary keys
2643: This function converts the first two characters of an alphanumeric string to uppercase letters by
2644: Calculates the total dissolved solids in water at different concentrations.	Input parameters are concentration
2645: This function calculates the total number of cards that are part or all one, two,..., ten ,
2646: This function removes punctuation from the input string. It does so by checking if there is any non
2647: Flatens the given input. If it's an empty or single element, returns that item itself
2648: Remove the last suffix from string if it is of type 'dataset' or any other specific prefixes
2649: Convert IPv4 to IPV六地址。如果输入的IP为空，则返回默
2650: Calculates the product of diagonal elements.  Code is used to calculate and return multiplication result from given
2651: Convert log levels to colors in the console output – INFO -> blue; WARNING &
2652: Returns the result of subtracting 'Operands' from Modulues. If Operations is not
2653: This function takes two parameters and returns the difference between them. It is used to scale down or up
2654: Generates an array of keys with the same length as input. 0s and True values are
2655: Calculates the forward rate of return. 	Inputs : item as either an integer or floating
2656: Create function to check if input can be converted into number.  If it's string then try
2657: This function takes in the name of an Ensembl Gene and returns whether or not it is 4
2658: Normalizes the input list of numbers.  The function takes an array and returns its normalized version where
2659: This function doubles the input. Code snippet to be used in other functions or scripts that
2660: Checks if the source IP matches both destination addresses. 1=matching;0 otherwise .
2661: Initialize the value function with constant values. 	Inputs : cost matrix , Value Function .
2662: Defines the Rectified Linear Unit activation function. It returns zero if input is less than
2663: Get the argument from an inline python docstring or function definition line by removing comments and splitting on spaces
2664: “Returns the name of weekdays.” } . Code is used to return names from numbers
2665: This function calculates the derivative of θ with respect to time.  It is used in optimization
2666: Calculates the perpetual value of an investment. 	Inputs : Principal Value , Rate
2667: Convert the input into an array of lists. If already in formated as such return it directly;
2668: Check if the given URL is HTTP/HTTPS based on its prefixes – returns True
2669: Unwrapping DOPLER scalar values from the given profile data .  If 'profile'
2670: A function that calculates the number of ones in binary representation. The input is an integer 'N
2671: This function is used to penalize the complexity of an individual. The higher its value indicates more complex
2672: Returns the state of hive. Returns "coast" if it is in any form
2673: Determine the volume of an isosceles trinagle given its three edges.  The
2674: Check if the number of ions is divisible by each site. If not return false else true
2675: This function calculates the score of each team based on their scores in match and returns them as list
2676: Normalizes the value to be between -1 and +1, useful in machine learning algorithms that work
2677: Returns list of unique input tokens from the given dictionary. 	Input -> Dictionary with counts;
2678: This function generates an integer from the inputted strings. It uses modulo operation and ASCII values
2679: This function calculates the number of characters to be added at both ends in order make 'padding'
2680: Check if the given AWS CloudFormation Template has an HTTP API resource with default authorizers.
2681: This function returns the name of an efficientdet model.  The parameters are batch size and training rate
2682: This function replaces all the instances of certain types/characters with other characters. It can handle
2683: This function takes two lists as input and returns the first one appended to second.  It is
2684: List of methods to be used when integrating azimalithic data. The method chosen
2685: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the pattern matching those string with wildcard (*
2686: Checks if the operator passed in as an argument matches any of our comparison operators.  Returns True
2687: Publish devices to the container image based on provided list of mount points or device mappings .
2688: If the input value `is false` then return none. Else if it's an instance
2689: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was written on paper with
2690: Extract the username from an AWS Codeguru Auth0 user pool .   Get cogn
2691: Convert ASCII string to integer. 1 character at time in the input is converted into its corresponding
2692: Check if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. This function is used to prevent
2693: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and
2694: Clamps the given 'Value' within specified range. 	Inputs : Value to be cl
2695: {len([x.strip() and x[0] != "#" 	for	and
2696: Filter molecules by their chains.  Returns the first n atoms in each of these chained groups if
2697: This function takes in an input of type float and returns the same value but formatted as currency with two
2698: Computes the scalar product of two lists. If one list ends before another starts or both are empty
2699: A function to find the first occurrence of an element in list.  If not found returns "-1
2700: Converts Binary to Decimals. Code is written in Python language and uses recursion
2701: Finds the longest common subsequence of two strings.  The time complexity is O((m+
2702: Linear interpolation function. 3 parameters to calculate the linear combination of two points in space with
2703: Remove trailing slashes from the end of path.  If there is no such thing, return
2704: Returns the URL to get information about subscriptions of given NetIDs and Subsciption codes
2705: 返回一个或舱的类型。如果所有者为零，则认为是薄
2706: Count the number of matching letters between two strings. If characters match in both string then increment count by
2707: A function that generates the execution trace of an application.  It uses recursion to traverse up
2708: Convert hubble's constant to the speed of light in km/sec using given initial value .
2709: Counts the number of occurrences that specific letters appear.  If given an invalid input raises
2710: Calculates the probability of winning in tennis. The function takes two parameters - one is expected to score
2711: Convert datetime object to string in the format of YYYY/MMDD HOURMINUTESE
2712: This function formats the score of mating. If it's negative, prefixes with '-'.
2713: Filter events based on certain conditions. ... def getattr_(key_,
2714: If both 'flags' are true then raise an error. Else if either flag set return
2715: Remove the specified dictionary's entry by its 'name'.  If it exists then removes and returns
2716: This function calculates the value of y given an input 'X' and parameters in vector form.
2717: Convert locale to RFC 3081 alpha format using '-' as separator, e
2718: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid'
2719: Returns the difference between two lists.  The result is another list with elements that are only present once
2720: Returns the type usage associated with an encryption or signing operation.  Key can either encrypt/dec
2721: Convert list of latitudes to GHA. Returns the converted value as an integer or float depending on
2722: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This function uses bitwise operations to calculate it efficiently
2723: A function to find the maximum sub array sum in an integer list. The algorithm uses dynamic programming and
2724: This function checks if all elements of the array are submodules ending with _module .  If yes
2725: A function to calculate the Fibo number at position 'N'. The first two numbers in sequence
2726: This function cleans the input string by removing extra spaces and converting all characters to lowercase 	Example
2727: Sort timstamp list by second in ascending order. 	Inputs : List of t
2728: Decorates C array data with hexadecimal values and type information in the form of string format
2729: Convert an array of Hexadecimal values to ASCII characters. 	Inputs :
2730: Convert an object into list. If the input isn't convertible then return empty array; if
2731: Converts the given string to GTK+ label.  The special character "&#34
2732: This function applies the Gamma correction to an RGB color. It takes two lists of numbers as input
2733: A function to limit the value of an input between two given values.  If it is greater than
2734: Returns the path of an HTTP request as string from split method .  The first word is ignored in
2735: Prints "I am either not supposed to or is already working" if the input parameter 'doing
2736: Returns the baselines of an antenna array that contain another one. The function takes two arguments - '
2737: This function calculates the middle point of two points. The coordinates are given as input parameters to calculate
2738: Check if an object represents oval.  If it does then return true else false .   [
2739: Returns the previous element in an input list. If at start of sequence returns last item from original data
2740: Adds two numbers. If the first digit of both are equal then it adds only one'st
2741: Builds the URL to run an existing Experiments in the given BaseURL with provided id .
2742: Replace all occurrences of patterns in the string with corresponding replacement strings from right to left order
2743: This function checks if the number is present or absent on any of three equal sized boxes within an N
2744: Convert the name of an online game's player character to its corresponding toolname.  For example
2745: Returns True if all conditions are met, False otherwise. 	Inputs : list of strings representing
2746: Calculates the minimum of two values and returns it as output if they are not equal or else return
2747: A function that returns the first digit in an input string. If no digith is found, it
2748: Calculates the mean of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two real number values . Returns one
2749: Calculates the number of steps needed to reach or exceed an objective.  The function takes two parameters
2750: Check if the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number is set.  If yes
2751: Convert the input string to lowercase and remove all non alphanumeric characters except ‘A
2752: A function to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid'
2753: This function calculates the sum of all numbers in an array that are less than or equal to '
2754: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise raise an error exception with the given message .
2755: Check if the given inputted word or phrase forms palidromic. A single letter, number
2756: Computes the slope of two points in space. If they are on same x or y coordinates return
2757: Create groups of items.  Each group has 'n' elements and the last remaining item is added
2758: Returns the value of bit at position 'K' in binary representation. 0 indexed from right
2759: This function takes two arguments - an array of strings and the index from which to start slicing.
2760: Separates nested lists into separate elements.  If the input isn't an empty array or
2761: Returns the comp level of an octane. 1st and second half are eF/Q
2762: Create weather key from latitude and longtude coordinates – used to identify unique locations in the
2763: Transposes the given matrix. 	Inputs : Matrix M as an array of arrays or lists
2764: Fixes the URL to have http or https at start if it doesn't exist, and returns
2765: This function checks if the input number is Palidromic. This means that it reads
2766: Create mail title based on span and conditions.	Inputs : Span -> time in seconds
2767: Parses the given fat timestamp into day/week and week number. Returns as list of three
2768: This function returns the string passed as parameter in Green color. 	Example usage : print("Hello
2769: Checks if all characters in the string are numerics or not .  If yes, returns true
2770: Check if data type of input 'data' to function "isStr" – returns true when
2771: This function calculates the axis ratio of an ellipse given its semi major and minor radii
2772: Returns the Julianday number of year. The formula is derived from astronomical calculations and
2773: Create an instance of the Node class. 	Inputs l and h are lists that represent left
2774: Checks if an input string matches any of the keys in header entries – case insensitive .
2775: Check if the given input string represents wild card character.  If it does, return true; otherwise
2776: Parses the given string into its constituent parts and returns them in order as tuples
2777: A recursive function to calculate the power of two. Code is based on binary exponentiation algorithm which
2778: Returns the maximum value and its index.  If two values are equal it returns only one of them
2779: Builds the service URI. 	Parameters : Base Uri -> String , Partition Name
2780: Convert string to id. If the first character of input 'str' object equals '#', then return
2781: Delete duplicated elements from the list.  This function uses recursion to remove duplicate items and returns
2782: Returns True if the input character represents an English VOWEL, False otherwise.  Code by [
2783: Convert the given string to title case, replacing underscores with spaces and hyphens in between each
2784: Counts the occurrences of given 'Word' within text comments/strings – case sensitive
2785: This function sorts an array in ascending order and fills it with the elements from another list. The
2786: This function is used to tidying the given object. It will tell human and wait until it
2787: Add points to the player' s total and increase their experience by “points”. If they
2788: A function to generate all the prime numbers upto n.  Code is written in python language and
2789: Compare two groups of users based on their policies tenant name user names . This function will return
2790: Convert the given duration to samples. 	Inputs : Duration in seconds and Sample rate of
2791: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points.  Code is written in Python and uses numpy
2792: Calculates the middle point of two numbers. This function takes in low and hihgh as parameters
2793: This function checks whether the given request matches with any of supported platforms by comparing it to all possible
2794: This function takes two arguments - labels and classes. It returns the index of first occurrence in label array
2795: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers.	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Output
2796: Returns the index of one sample from unlabelled data.  The ratio is calculated as per number
2797: Create an RGB color object. 	Inputs red ,green and blues are integers between [
2798: A function that sorts an array using the Selection Sort algorithm.  The list is sorted by repeatedly
2799: A recursive function to calculate the power of an integer. If exponent is odd then return base^
2800: Calculates the maximum common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm
2801: Convert an object into the form that can be used in Python lists or arrays – either as one
2802: Returns the state of an object based on its type and name from JSON data – if it exists
2803: Defines the function to strip leading and trailing whitespace from string val, then adds newline
2804: A function to calculate the Hammings weight of an integer. The number is represented in binary and
2805: Returns the mention of given id as string formatting by discord API .  if input isn'
2806: Computes the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm to minimize an objective function.  The
2807: Generates all possible combinations of 'length' "size" from the given sequence.  For example
2808: Calculates the precision of an algorithm. If there are no true positives or false negatives in
2809: Checks if the given 'list' has any of its elements equal to provided "Value".
2810: Returns the number of seconds in given amount or time. Code is used to convert hour into second .
2811: This function takes in text and replaces certain phrases with other ones using regular expressions . It also
2812: A function that merges two dictionary objects into one by updating the values of common keys with those from
2813: This function takes two arguments - the original word and its corresponding abbreviation. It returns an inputted
2814: Creates and returns 1d array of rows * columns size with all elements as zero . e
2815: Create an array of the first and second elements in each tuple.  This is used to create indices
2816: Check the electrified scenarios of partitioning in an electric grid system – Reference level , Medi
2817: This function checks if the given 3D object is rectangular. A rectangle has to be at least
2818: Convert list of strings into one string with each tag separated by comma and space. If the input array
2819: Convert velocity to output.	Inputs : Velocities in km/h Output is the corresponding
2820: Convert y to the unit of measure. 1 is returned if it's already in that
2821: Converts the given string to corresponding file name.  For example, FCId will be converted
2822: Returns the first value of dictionary d, if it exists else None .  If there is no such
2823: Clean the input of Chamber. 0 = None;   'G' = 3467
2824: This function calculates the volume of an inverted box. The formula is used to calculate it based
2825: Calculates the number of days in one day.	Input/Output Example : Input = 13
2826: Convert the given input to CSV format.  If empty, return an blank string; if only
2827: Check if the file is an IMRCT versioned history.  Returns true or false accordingly .
2828: Check if two rectangular areas collided. --> --->>> Code Summary <<<----
2829: Convert Python boolean value into JavaScript Boolean. 	Inputs : A python booleans, Output
2830: Get all directories with train history file present at the top level of each directory listed as input to function
2831: Calculates the stretch factor of an audio signal. The function takes three parameters - length samples in input
2832: Returns the maximum number that can be represented with 'num' bits. The function is used to calculate
2833: Check if the given period value represents an integer.  If not it returns false otherwise true .
2834: Returns the locations of all columns from left to right on an axis with index 'axis'. The first
2835: Return error message with result and the correct string in it .   [END]
2836: This function calculates the average of red/green and blues to determine light level. It is
2837: A function that calculates the mean of scores by index. It uses recursion to iteratively add
2838: This function returns the list of diseases descriptive codes.  The three arguments are used to identify different
2839: This function returns the element at index 'k' from data. It does so by taking two elements
2840: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula c*(9/5). Con
2841: A function to generate 3xn matrix. The number of columns is fixed and the size can
2842: Returns the number of groups in Group Normalization.  If not specified otherwise it returns dimension size as
2843: Check if one array is the subarray of another.  If so return true else false .
2844: Split an input string into individual email ids, convert to lowercase and return as list of
2845: Defines the function to invert signal.  It takes an input of type int or float and returns
2846: A function to calculate the dissimilarity between two lists of numbers. The definition is as follows -
2847: Convert integer to string representation of the given Shape.  If no match, return 'Error'.
2848: Get the string attribute of an object or its parent if it exists, otherwise return none .  [
2849: Check if the input 'port' can be interpreted as an integer or string of integers separated by '-
2850: Convert number to thousands or million format. If the input is less than one thousand then it will be
2851: Generates unique ids per each execution of the given function or method, used to track steps in
2852: Replace the substring from position to pos with another string. If it's out of range
2853: Count the frequency of an element within list.  Returns fractional part as result to indicate how often
2854: Check if the person has an ethnicty that includes both "hispancity",
2855: Split an array into two parts at the first element. If there is no second part return only
2856: Returns the result of bitwise OR operation on 16 bits. The first argument is shifted left
2857: This function takes as input an array of items and returns the summation or concatenation based on whether
2858: Get all possible names of the context based on given number; 4 letters long sequence, no repet
2859: Returns True if the given name is one of several forms that indicate version control system packages like CVS
2860: A function to calculate the 'k'th number in n’s digits. If no such
2861: Get names from the list of objects provided as input, returns them one by oneline string formatting
2862: Create and return an object with the given parameters to create or update patients in HL7 format .
2863: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was written with all non-"
2864: Calculates the mean of an array. 	Inputs : count and list/array to be
2865: Check if the cloning sequence matches with another. If it does then return number of matched amino
2866: Await the result of an asynchronous function.  If input is not async, wrap it in
2867: Compute the overlap between two bounding boxes.  The function takes as input four parameters representing each
2868: Convert bounding box coordinates from the format of XYWH to YXNYN. This is
2869: This function takes in an input string and splits it into tokens based on spaces (" "). It
2870: Checks if all elements of the list are unique.  If so, returns true; otherwise false
2871: 返回一个字符串，表示索引值。如果输入的数字小于零
2872: This function returns the path to an SQLITE database file that will be used by spiders in order
2873: Convert the list of numbers into their distribution. 	Inputs : List[int], Output -
2874: Returns the interfaces of given 'Node ID' from interface dictionary. 	Inputs : Node id
2875: Convert the given string to bytes, taking into account units like M or G . If not recognized as
2876: This function takes an integer representing the number of seconds and returns it as hours, minutes or just time
2877: Check if any of the fields are set to 'None' or empty. If yes, return False
2878: Returns the name of weekdays based on integer input.  If invalid, returns 'invalid' .
2879: Normalizes the title to lowercase and removes punctuation from it using string replace function in python
2880: Remove commans from the number string and convert it to integer type  Code : .  1 n
2881: Calculates bit mask of ARgb color.  If the Alpha is greater than zero then
2882: Check if the input string 'True' or any other form of truthiness, returns True otherwise False
2883: This function takes as input the list of nodes and returns their respective OS type based on its name,
2884: Convert string to bool using python's builtin function . lower is used because the input can be
2885: Returns the string with an appended prefix based on whether it starts as vowel or consonant
2886: Convert string to lowercase if it exists, else return an empty strin gif the input is
2887: Convert KELVIN to CENTIGRADE using Python function . Code is simple and easy
2888: checks if the game is complete. If there are no more moves left, it returns true; otherwise
2889: Check if the given name corresponds to an Android app component, ie., it starts with "<
2890: Checks if the list of dates contain any duplicated entries.  If so it returns true else
2891: Returns the default units to use when creating an axis. For multi dimensional arrays, it returns "-"
2892: Convert instrument string to STAC Infrastructure.  Converts the input into an appropriate list
2893: A function to perform Galoiis multiplication. It uses recursion and bitwise operations."   [
2894: This function takes an array of file paths and returns the same list but with every nth element removed
2895: Compare two lists of web applications. Return the common ones between them as another sorted by name and version
2896: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. 	Inputs : value -> Integer number .
2897: Remove all logs from the given string of text, leaving only error messages and warnings in it'll
2898: Clips the input to be within specified range.  If it's less than minimum or greater
2899: Check if the given list of HTTP response 'Headers' contains an entry with specified "name".
2900: Returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of rectangle.  Code is used to normalize or scale down an
2901: Converts an array of ascii characters to uint3. The first element is the high
2902: Returns the IP address types supported by an Acceleration.  This function is used to determine which
2903: Flatens the field of nested lists.  The function takes as input an object that represents some kind
2904: This function generates the URL to filter vehicles based on location and radius of interest in specified page number .
2905: Quickly get the properties of an unknown or customizable particle with its unique identifier in terms on gamma
2906: Evaluates the given function or method with an observation and returns its result.  If it'
2907: Return the string as its only element. This function is used to ensure that there'
2908: Appends the given tensor to end of provided tensordata structure .  Returns updated data after
2909: A function to sort an array using the Quick Sort algorithm.  It is based on divide and conquer
2910: Convert text to list of phrases separated by commas, with "and" as separator –
2911: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient of an Ideal Gas at constant volume and temperature using specific gas constants
2912: Checks if the string is parametric. This function checks whether any character of inputted
2913: Processes the string by replacing spaces with underscores.  Code is used to replace all whites
2914: Returns the sum of two lists. The first element is added to second's and so
2915: This function sorts the list of lists by removing duplicated elements. It uses recursion to handle nested
2916: This function returns the maximum size of data in bytes. It determines how many bits are required to represent
2917: Returns the appropriate symbol based on probability of occurrence in data set – used to indicate significance level or
2918: A function to calculate the number of column label. The labels are represented in Excel file using numbers from
2919: Returns the number of minutes in an NMEA sentence. If it's not valid, returns
2920: Merge two sorted linked lists. If one list is empty then return the other otherwise if both are
2921: A function that returns the second element of first matching pair in list. If no match found it will
2922: A function that performs Linear Search on an Array.  It returns true if the given element is
2923: Returns the largest power of two less than or equal to n. If no such number exists, returns
2924: Convert Excel Column to Index. Converts an input string of letters representing columns from A, B
2925: Calculates the module name based on configuration file path or default to crypto modules if no specific one
2926: This function wraps the input string in green color. 	Input : String, Output:"String
2927: Calculates the change in concentration of carbon dioxide at constant temperature and pressure using given initial
2928: Returns the input string with leading and trailing whitespace removed if it's either an instance of
2929: 返回一个布尔值，指示是否存在稳定的状态。如果不满足条件
2930: Returns the number at index 1 of an object. If it's not possible to determine which
2931: This function returns the appropriate brackets of ages. It takes an integer as input and outputs its corresponding
2932: Compiles the given string into regex pattern to be used in searching operations 	Inputs : Search
2933: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using recursion.  It uses E
2934: Returns the usage string of an argument or function based on its options and default value if it's
2935: Calculates the average of each student's scores in given list. Each element is expected to be
2936: Convert time in HHMMSS format into total number of Seconds.	Input -> Two
2937: This function returns the correct number of spaces to use as an argument in other functions. It is used
2938: Evaluates an arithmetic binary tree. The root of the evaluation is at level zero, left
2939: Generates an Amazon STS Boto 4 ARN from the given name. This is used
2940: This function creates new ids based on the given parameters. It concatenates two inputs to form an
2941: This function checks if the given 'Value' falls within specified range. If it does then returns True
2942: A function to calculate the Lucasseries. The first two numbers in series are always given as '
2943: Calculates the field shift of an object.  The function takes four parameters which are all in kil
2944: Remove trailing whitespace from string. If no nonwhite space character is found at the end of
2945: A function to calculate combinations. It uses recursion and memoization technique in order not recompute
2946: returns whether the target capacity is less than or equal to current uptime.  If it's
2947: Clears all integers from the given input. If an integer value exists it returns zero else if its
2948: Generates SQL query with given conditions. This function is used to generate the final SELECT statement
2949: A function to calculate the sum of Fibonacci sequence upto nth term. The
2950: Convert bytes to gigabytes. Code is used in the conversion of file sizes from Bytesto
2951: This function takes two parameters - full time stamp and least significant bits timestamp. It returns the combined value
2952: Fixes the shape of given time series data. Interval is defined as an array with two elements
2953: A function that returns the next value in Collatz Conjecture. The conjecture states, starting
2954: Prepending an item to all lists within the given list of input.  This is done by iter
2955: Returns True if the point with coordinates `[`. . 1] is within circle of radius
2956: Convert an object to its equivalent Boolean representation – true/false . True if the input can be
2957: Convert string to boolean value, if possible else return false – convert yes/on or no inputs
2958: This function cleans the Maven jar name by replacing dots with underscores and hyphens to create
2959: Check if the Bayesian network is valid.  If not return false else true .   Inputs
2960: Delete the root node of an AST.  If it has only one child then return that single
2961: This function takes in an input list of elements and returns the same output as if it was passed to
2962: This function formats the given number of inputted 'sec' into minutes and second. The result is
2963: Find the nearest empty Room in given list. Code is based on Euclidean Distance between two rooms
2964: This function splits the given path into two parts - instrument and id of dataset .  It returns
2965: Flatens the inputted nested lists.  It will return only non -list elements and their sub
2966: A function to calculate the residues of powers modulo some number. This can be used in various
2967: This function calculates the differential equation of Farkas' method.  It takes three arguments;
2968: Verifies if given input is within range of valid values in one dimension. If not it raises an
2969: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated as area of overlap and
2970: Clean URLs by converting to lower case and removing leading/trailing whitespace 	Input -
2971: Calculates the values of two constants based on temperature in Celsius and returns their sum as output
2972: Counts the parenthesis in text. If it'is an opening bracket or curly brace
2973: Parses the direction argument. If it's true/false, returns as such; if
2974: Calculates the inverse document frequency of each word across all documents and returns dictionary with terms as keys mapped
2975: A recursively implemented function to perform Binary Search on an Array. The input is the sorted list
2976: Implementations of permutation and inverse indexing functions. Permutates through the list to find
2977: Calculates the duration of all notes present on an instrument or musical piece by adding up their respective lengths
2978: Flatens the input. If it's not an iterable then returns itself as single element array
2979: A function to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's
2980: Pad the input with zeros to make it even length. If already an odd number of characters,
2981: Computes the gradient of Sigmoidal function with respect to its input – used in backprop
2982: Checks if the given sequence of numbers/integers are sorted.  If so returns true else
2983: Influence the given object with another.  If it's not an instance of some other
2984: A function to generate an empty grid of given width and heigth. The values in the cells
2985: Returns the number of honeycombs in one room. The function is used to calculate how many rooms
2986: if the first element of both lists are equal then return True. Otherwise if one list's
2987: This function calculates the punteggios of Rocco's workload based on hourly
2988: Code defines helper functions to check if the current exons are first and last. If they aren'
2989: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, if you call `flattern([[[],
2990: This function takes in two elements and returns them as one string. If they are equal it just return
2991: Checks if the current process/thread belongs to chief.  If it does then returns True else
2992: Fixes line breaks in the input string by replacing multiple consecutive newline characters with one single break character
2993: Returns the difference between two numbers. If one number is greater than another it returns negative of that value
2994: Convert an input to be sure it's always returned as List. If not already in the form
2995: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach one step or two steps at once. The
2996: Convert the given fractional part of an atom's molecular weight into its molar ratio.
2997: Create an array of channels in the last dimension.  This is equivalent to transposing dimensions but with
2998: This function reverses the scale of an element. It takes in one argument, which is supposed to
2999: Returns the reciprocal of input. If zero, returns an extremely large number to avoid division by
3000: Sorts the list of ids in ascending order numerically based on their second part after
3001: A function to calculate the average of numbers in list. 	Input - List[int] Output
3002: Calculates the rating of thruster based on its current and maximum possible mass in kg or lb
3003: Create an Edge object. 	Inputs : u id , source node . targer
3004: This function checks if the given input is an actual valid Leap Year. A real world example of
3005: This function generates the list of columns to be used in cycle time tracking.  It takes as input
3006: Calculates the range of pitched values in an array. 	Inputs : list[int
3007: Check if the given argument can be converted to an integer.  If it's not convertible
3008: Convert hours to weeks or days and return as string. If less than one day then convert directly into
3009: Calculates the similarity between two strings. – ``` Code : Returns how similar
3010: Format duration in minutes to h or mm. If no time is given return zero string . e g
3011: Sorts the list of hackers by their points.  The result is in descending order based
3012: Get the path of disabled vHost configuration file in php fpminstance .  This function
3013: This function returns greeting messages. 	Inputs : Name, Output - Gives the message
3014: Calculates the distance between two points in camera coordinates using their focal length and pixel size, assuming equal
3015: Calculates the Lipschitz constant of distance between two points.  The function calcula...
3016: Validates the type of an argument against provided list/dictionary 	of allowed values and returns
3017: A function to calculate the slice size.  It takes two arguments - 'total' and "the
3018: Find the first occurrence of an element in list. If it doesn't exist return none  .
3019: Convert newline characters to the correct formatting required by LaTeX .  This function will handle
3020: A function to safely divide two numbers together with error checking if the divisor isn't zero or
3021: Return the larger of two given values. If they are equal return one value only if it
3022: Generates list of threshold and false negative rate pairs. 	Inputs are two lists each containing
3023: This function calculates the payout of an options contract. It takes into account whether it's
3024: Parse ctab bond block. 	Inputs : list of lines, returns parsed data as
3025: This function returns the indices of operators that need minimum value among "*" , "/" and "%".
3026: Convert list of strings to binary string.  Each element in the input array represents an operation that needs
3027: A function to check if the list of dates contains duplicated entries.  It uses recursion and
3028: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climbing stairs. The total count is based on previous
3029: Checks if the string contains only ASCII characters. This function returns true when input '
3030: A simple project structure generator.  [10] Skills used in the task are python script
3031: Convert an IPv address to string. The IP is represented in four parts, each part being converted into
3032: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'fact
3033: This function separates the hydrophobic bonds between different types of atoms based on their resname
3034: Create an array of strings with the same length as input, where each string is made up from two
3035: Convert string to integer in different bases .   [Hint : Use regular expressions ]    Code sn
3036: Returns the octave function to be used with given object or default if none provided .  # no
3037: Generates binary labels based on the input string. 0 = not abuse,  1= ab
3038: Returns True if and only If the result of raising 'X' to power ‘R’ mod
3039: This function takes in one line of the input file and splits it into two parts based on space
3040: A function to find the index of maximum value in an array. The algorithm uses recursion and comparison
3041: Normalizes the input into an integer or floating point number. If it's not possible then throws
3042: Check if the given path points to real data. This function checks whether or no it'
3043: Check if the given filename refers to an ontological .SADL or RDF format
3044: Split the given file or directory name into its components, with an optional leading slash removed and
3045: Calculates the accumulated health care cost. 	Inputs are Health Care Cost This Period ,
3046: Filter out the given packet based on provided filters.  The function takes two parameters - 'Packetes
3047: This function checks if the given range is valid. If it're not then return false else true
3048: A function to calculate the classification model's performance. It calculates how many of predictions are correct
3049: 返回环境类型。如果主机名以" dev."开头，则为开发
3050: This function generates the required number of spaces. It is used to create indentation in text output
3051: Remove values above the given wattage limit in each string of input data – if they exceed
3052: Return the number part of an object. 	Inputs : Object, Output -> Number .
3053: Convert RGB color to linear rgb colorspace, if possible otherwise return the input as is .
3054: Check if the input vector array contains only one scalar value.  If so return true; otherwise false
3055: Convert the result of an SQL query into dictionary format.  This function takes as input any object that
3056: Calculates the change in energy from cell to external environment. 	Inputs : Energy lost due
3057: This function takes an input of rfid number and converts it into ten digit format if possible
3058: Generates tuples of three elements from 0 to N. The first two are the indices
3059: Compute the speed of an object given its mass and time. If no movement is made return zero
3060: Generates the list of all possible gene blocks within an assembly from given start and end coordinates along with
3061: Convert RGB color to integer. 	Inputs are three integers in the range [0..3
3062: Return True if the two ranges overlap. Otherwise return false or None . If one range is
3063: Filter out messages from logger host cvtsp com – ```   .py file, which
3064: Converts an integer to its binary coded decimals. The function uses recursion and
3065: Clean documents by removing common English stopwords.  This function takes as input list of lists where each
3066: Check if two shapes are broadcast compatible.  A shape can be "broadcased" into
3067: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can pick r items from an infinite set.
3068: Wraps an index to the given 'size'. If it'll be negative then adds "
3069: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output, but formatted with backtic
3070: Function to validate if the input value can be converted into an integer. If it's positive then
3071: A function to strip trailing spaces from string.  It uses recursion until it finds the last
3072: This function returns the weight of loss to be used in probablistic learning algorithms like SGD
3073: A function that returns the last element of an array. If there is only one item in list,
3074: Returns the given file or directory's full, canonicalized form as an OS independent string –
3075: Get the legacy message type from an inputted identifer .  If it's start with MS
3076: Returns True if the given list of numbers contains zeroes at all positions except one; otherwise returns false
3077: A recursive function to calculate the median of an array. If input is not valid, it returns
3078: Create and return the reference to an object. 	Inputs : value -> The input data
3079: This function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by checking if all five consecutive elements are equal. It
3080: Defines the function to check if an eTAG is correct or invalid – based on its format
3081: Convert the input string into lowercase if it is not empty, otherwise return original value of 'None
3082: Limit the size of an array to expected maximum. If it's less than or equal,
3083: Returns the negative of each element in an iterable. 	Inputs : function or list .
3084: Returns the index of maximum element.  Code is used to find out which item has highest value among
3085: This function takes in the filename of an .CSV file and returns its corresponding 'SLOPE
3086: Calculates the price after applying discounts and taxes to an initial product cost in euros . The function
3087: Generates descriptions of the given list/array 'of' Features. The description is printed to std
3088: This function takes in an array of arrays and returns the same data but organized into one long sorted sequence
3089: Computes the function f at coordinates. The parameters are used to compute each term of our polynomial in
3090: Converts the given number of inches to meters using conversion factor .697 from inchage
3091: Defines the function to check whether an integer x can be expressed as both its own number and one
3092: Returns the union of two lists as another set .  It is similar to Python's builtin
3093: Convert string to boolean value, returns true if the input is either 'true', ‘False’
3094: Returns the difference between each pair of elements from two lists. If one input isn't actually an
3095: Convert font weights from "Normal" to “Regular” and then convert them back into B
3096: Apply function to the argument. 	Example usage : tapp = lambda x:(x+
3097: MapLookUp function that takes two lists and returns the second list with each element replaced by its corresponding
3098: Computes the scalar product of two vectors. Code is written in Python and uses recursion to compute
3099: Calculates the radius of gyration from given n and standard deviation 'Sigma'. The formula is
3100: A function that returns Fizzy, Buzze or the number itself. It checks if div
3101: Overrides the values of parameters with those from an input dictionary.  If there is no match
3102: Convert the given number into money format. If it is less than or equal to zero, return "
3103: Transform the point from local coordinates to world space.  The transformation is given by cosine and
3104: Create an array of strings from the input list.  The output is in quotes and enclosed within
3105: Calculates the diagonal index of an element in 3D space. The formula is derived from calculating
3106: Check if the first character of an object in memory. If it’s %, then return True
3107: A dynamic programming solution to the FIB series. It uses recursion and memoization technique with
3108: Calculates the number of instances in each label. 	Inputs : Number labeled train and categories
3109: Create and return an instance of the Label class. 	Parameters : string -> returns new object
3110: Extract the organization ID from an Organization name using "/" as separator 	Inputs :
3111: A function that calculates the square root of an inputted integer or float using caching to improve
3112: Parses the given string into an integer array using space as delimiter 	Inputs
3113: Count the number of diamond brackets "<>" appearing consecutively.  The function returns count as
3114: Calculates the absolute difference between two timestamps.  The result is in seconds and can be
3115: Convert Facebook URLs to basic format on MBASIC website, if possible; otherwise return the original
3116: Check if the given string ends with an underscored character.  If it does, return True
3117: Convert the status of an ALDB to its new format. If it is in one outdated state
3118: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid'
3119: Adds two lists element wise.  Code is written in python and uses recursion to solve the
3120: A function to compute the score of cards. If there is only one card with value 'J',
3121: Checks if the given 'input' can be represented as an integer within specified number of bit.
3122: This function calculates the force of gravity between two bodies given their mass and distance from them in meters
3123: Calculates the error squared. If both inputs are equal it returns zero; if one input is
3124: Convert an unsigned integer to its binary representation as bytes. The input is expected in big endian order
3125: Returns the parameter name with prefix ' para -' and position. e .g., if
3126: This function returns risk characterizations based on the inputted value of 'Combination Risks Ass
3127: This function takes in two arguments - the string to be collimated and an array of width values
3128: Normalizes the input value to string format if it's not already in that form; otherwise returns
3129: Returns True if the service name contains 'TEST' and '/', otherwise returns false – Validates
3130: Returns the remainder of division by 'n' when dividing number in variable "A"
3131: Returns the first element of list if it exists, otherwise raises an error.  If there is only
3132: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within an error margin.  If the absolute difference between x
3133: A function to generate all the period of life.  It takes in an integer year and returns every
3134: This function returns the current lag and sensitivity dictionary along with simulation parameters. 	Inputs : cur
3135: Returns the first 19 characters of input string. If it's longer than that, returns
3136: Computes the first derivative of Vertical Reynolds Number with respect to radius ratio in fluid
3137: Convert list of text to ids. If the given token is not found then return '-1'.
3138: Checks if the output of theorem proving contains error.  If it does, returns true; otherwise
3139: Returns the possible positions of knights on an 8*N chessboard. The board is
3140: Extracts keywords from the given input string of multiple sentences separated by new Line character '\'.
3141: Convert the given string to an environment variable compatible format 	Example input -> 'my_module
3142: Convert CoAP Response Code to Class and Detail. This function converts the given coaps rep
3143: This function calculates the average of numbers. 	Inputs : list, Output -> float
3144: Transposes the x and y coordinates of an object's location.  If it is above or
3145: Returns an array with the absolute values of all elements.  If input list/numpy n
3146: This function takes in the MAC address and returns its abbreviated form as per Emonitormac
3147: Convert longitude to be between [-π, +π] range. If the input is outside of
3148: Calculates the scatter factor of an electron beam in free space with given frequency and wavelengths .
3149: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  If both inputs are not equal length it will throw
3150: Returns the attribute of an object based on its type and name if it exists; otherwise returns None or
3151: A function to interpret the quality of life profile based on QPF score, returns float value representing
3152: Converts the given catalytic activity classification into its corresponding label. If no match is found
3153: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats .
3154: This function calculates the luminence of an RGB or CMYK inputted as hexadec
3155: Sorts the barcode list in ascending order. 	Inputs : List of B
3156: Returns the negative of its input, or zero if it is not finite number .  Code snip
3157: This function checks if the input number x, which must be an integer or float. If it'
3158: Calculates the length of encoded data required to store n bytes. This is based on how many times
3159: This function takes as input the list of field names and returns them after removing any leading or trailing
3160: Check if the given URL exists or not – returns true/false based on whether it is reach
3161: This function reverses the string using recursion.  Code is written in Python language and it uses
3162: Generates pairs of elements from the list.  The function recursively generates pairings until there are
3163: Add two quantum states.  Quantum state is represented as four elements in the form of real numbers
3164: Get the name of an existing Topic in Google Cloud Pub/Sub by its path and Project ID
3165: Returns the list of specification kinds.  This function is used to identify what kind or type specifications are
3166: Substitutes multiple instances of {{ }} with the corresponding value from an array or dictionary .
3167: Returns the sort key of an Entity Attribute.  If it is one among 'id',
3168: Returns the list of even numbers from input.	Inputs -> List[int], Output =>
3169: Checks if the given string contains at least one upper case letter. If it does then returns True
3170: Flatten the nested lists.  For example, if you have [[], [], ['a'], '
3171: Computes the total value of all elements within specified grid area.  Code is used to calculate and
3172: Returns the nth row of Pascal's triangle. 			"prazni
3173: Convert PLNY balance to another currencies.  If the conversion isn't possible returns original
3174: Extract user id from JWT token – decode, split and load the payload of
3175: This function converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .697 meter per foot in
3176: Check if html contains 'maximum limit reached'. 1/0 otherwise, True or False respectively
3177: Calculates the Lasso loss. 	Inputs x and/or Y are not used in
3178: Removes the leading slashes from string. If there are two consecutive /, it removes one of
3179: Convert the given amount to bytes based on its size in terms specified by user . e..g KB
3180: Calculates the mean anomalies of sun's position in degrees from Julien day count since
3181: Returns the last word of each input string in list 'input'. This function is used to
3182: A function that calculates the number of ways to represent 'N' as summands in three
3183: Validates the input to check if it's valid number of elements on which we will perform operations
3184: Calculates the total weight of two items.  The first item is given by 'D'
3185: A function that performs elementwise division of two vectors. The operation is performed in the order they are
3186: Checks if one group dominates another by comparing the groups' elements. If it is possible to
3187: This function takes as input the name of an audio file and returns its transposed version.  It
3188: A function that returns all the leafs of tree. The depth starts from one and goes up to
3189: A recursive function that converts an array of binary numbers into their decimal representations.  The input
3190: Normalizes an infix logical expressions to postfix notation and returns the result as string .
3191: Get the value of an setting from either user's configuration or defaults.  If not found then
3192: Save file in the specified format.  If E, then return true if successful else false .If
3193: Returns True if the input is an empty String, else returns false. Code checks whether or
3194: This function checks if two characters are the same but in different cases. If they match exactly then it
3195: Returns the difference between corresponding elements of two lists or vectors. If one argument isn't an iter
3196: Checks if the first character of query is /. If it's true, returns False;
3197: Converts all uppercase characters to their corresponding lowecased versions using ASCII conversion."
3198: Returns the elements of 'input' that have specific bits set. The function is recursive and will
3199: A function that encrypts the input password by shifting each character three positions forward. The encrypted characters
3200: Check if the given 'Profile' object has decay profiles available in it .  If yes, return
3201: Check if UID exists in all keys of the given list or any key from another dictionary/map
3202: Returns the list of operating systems supported by AWS Batch.  This function is used to determine which
3203: Checks if two numbers have the exact opposite signs.  If both are positive or negative then returns
3204: Defines an addition operation on two vectors. If the vector's length is different it raises error
3205: Check if the size of an array or list equals to zero and raise error message when it does not
3206: This function returns the same data as input. It is used to preprocess and sequentially process datasets
3207: Remove the specified list of stop/custumized terms from input string – case insensitive
3208: A function that checks if two vectors are close to each other.  It uses the absolute difference between
3209: This function filters out small English language word from the given text, which are considered as non meaningful and
3210: Normalizes the name of log files. If file's first 4 characters are 'LOG',
3211: Get the keys of all values that are part or composed by given 'default' value from an object
3212: Mark lines that start with space and end by period, or contain ' ACT ', as they should be
3213: 检查是否使用了参数。如果没有传递任何值，则返回False；否则
3214: Adds annotations on the plot.	Type of annotation : Annotation . Type/formatting
3215: Parses the symbol of an ISBN. 10 digits are used to identify books,
3216: Returns the slots in an Intent Request.  [getSlot] .  	Inputs :
3217: Convert string to tuple of floats representing latitude and longitutde .  The input is assumed
3218: This function rounds up the given number to nearest multiple of 'multiple' value.  If it
3219: Calculates the difference between two numbers. 1st number is subtracted from second and then divided
3220: This function returns the given string with an underscore prefix and suffix. 	Example usage : print
3221: This function splits the given string into two parts based on "->>" and returns only one part
3222: Adds two numbers.  Code is simple and straightforward to understand but can be optimized further if needed
3223: Return the name of an MDT index. This is used to identify unique MDTs
3224: Destruct the dictionary and return only those specified fields.  If any of these field is not found
3225: Check if the given 'Specifications' object or list of specifications are empty.  If they aren
3226: A function that sums all elements in the list where element is not divisible by three. The input
3227: Calculates the total number of cards in hand . ...   # TODO : implement function to
3228: A recursive function to check if an element exists in the list.  If it does exist return
3229: Generates the nth Gray Code. 	Inputs : an integer, Output -> binary
3230: Returns the USER_SKILLS.USERNAME of an object in SSIS package .
3231: Calculates the tax on income and deducts it from gross salary.  If net salar
3232: Remove duplicated elements from list.  Helper function takes two lists and returns the second one with
3233: A function to find the start of each line in string s. The result is an array with indices
3234: Returns the filename of file containing stats about proteins in given dataset or all datasets if no argument provided
3235: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Function .   Code : return value is calculated by
3236: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as
3237: Check if the given object has any of three keywords among its properties, indicating it might be JSON schema
3238: Convert date string to list of integers. If the input is not “YYMMDD” format
3239: Parses command line arguments.  If no argument is provided, returns true; otherwise false if
3240: Check if the given number can be placed at specified positions on an empty chess game field. If
3241: Generates an enum string from the given list of file types.  For example, if you have
3242: Extracts the ID from an Instagram Link. 	Input : A string of format 'https
3243: Remove all non alphanumeric characters from resource ids – used to clean up the data
3244: This function takes in an input of type tuple and returns the first element as id, second one is
3245: Validates an input as Observation.  If the provided object isn't of type '
3246: A function that returns an n by 3 matrix filled with boolean values. Each element is True if
3247: This function checks if the provided resilience policy is one of our defined ones. If it'
3248: Generates an URL to access the specified Google Cloud Instance.  The generated url is in format
3249: Returns the number of times that given string contains only digits. If it's not present,
3250: Returns the value of 'x' if it is less than zero, else returns its original values .
3251: Returns the integer part of division. 	Example usage : print("The result is ",floorDiv
3252: A simple function to perform an elementwise multiplication. 	Inputs are the elements of two lists
3253: Function to determine the road's width based on its total distance.  It returns string indicating range
3254: Returns the CEID of given parameters.  The format is ?lang=${LANGUAGE
3255: Returns the line number of an occurrence in given text or returns 0 if not found .   Code
3256: Check if an AddOn has Help Message and print appropriate messages accordingly – If the user wants to
3257: Computes the Stirlings numbers. The number of ways to partition an integer into parts such that
3258: Returns the difference of two vectors. 	Inputs : Two lists/vectors . Output is
3259: Transform keys of dictionary or lists based on the provided function/lambda expression – if no transformation
3260: Add two scale values. If the first value is greater than or equal to second one then return double
3261: This function calculates the Bellmann quality equation. It takes three parameters - 'Rewards', and
3262: A function to generate the care denormalization parameters.  The input is two integers representing number of
3263: Returns the binary representation of all possible neighbors.  The '|' operator is used to create new
3264: This function checks if the given input 'n' can be expressed as power of two. If it
3265: Returns the bounding box of an ellipse centered at given point with specified radii.
3266: Convert string to bool, case insensitive – true/True -> TRUE; false / F
3267: 计算两个数的乘积并加上另一个数字。如果第二个参数为负，则
3268: Multiply each element of the matrix by vector.  Returns new Matrix where every cell is product
3269: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3270: Converts an input list of frequencies into the corresponding output frequency lists based on specific rules defined by
3271: Returns whether one hand is better than the other. If true then 'One' wins else
3272: A recursive function that sums the halvings of an input list. If there is only one
3273: Calculates the area of an irregular polygon given its perimeters and heights.	Inputs are
3274: This function takes an input string and returns the employee name along with their working days as two separate strings
3275: Checks if the first character of string s represents hexadecimal digit.  If so,
3276: Builds string from tokens. 	Input - list of strings, Output = single line as String
3277: A function that pads the start of string with spaces if its length is less than specified size.
3278: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent XSS attacks in Python 3 strings
3279: Convert string to boolean value, with 'True' if the input is one of ['Yes',
3280: Checks if the given string 'str' reads same backward as forward. If yes, returns true
3281: Returns the list of restaurants that match at least one restaurant's price and are listed under given set
3282: This function checks if the execution of Gaussian's output has convergeed or not .  It
3283: Check if two strings are permutations of each other. If they're not the same length or
3284: Create an experiment id based on the parameters of network and training.  The output is used as part
3285: Parses the species name from an input string, if it is either mm/Mb and
3286: This function matches the rows of two matrices based on their first elements. If they are equal it moves
3287: Convert given number of min to hr and mn. For example, if input is '1
3288: A function that adds two vectors elementwise.  The input should be lists of numbers or any iter
3289: Compute the binomial coefficient C_N^K. The result is an integer that represents
3290: Set the specified position in binary representation of an integer. 0 <= pos < numberOfBits
3291: Convert string to integer or return the original value if it can't be converted.  If input
3292: Replace all occurrences of constants in the string with their corresponding values from an array . The
3293: Zip two lists together. If one list becomes empty before the end of shorter ones then return an
3294: A recursive function that checks if the url contains any of given set keyswors in order from
3295: Convert Hexadecimal to RGB. If the input is invalid return an error message else convert
3296: Convert string to Boolean or return original if already in the form of either true/False / ‘
3297: Convert the given input to its equivalent Boolean representation in Python 3 . If it's already true
3298: Creates pixel data from an integer value. The color channels are extracted and packed into one list of
3299: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. If the number is less than or equal two five
3300: Checks if the object is an End of Area.  Returns true or false as appropriate .
3301: Retrieves an entry from the JSON object. If it exists then returns that value else raises error
3302: Returns the current working directory of an Avalon process or its default value if not set by user
3303: Change the visibility of an object.  If it is public or private then return explicit else unknown .
3304: Returns the value of N's rightmost digit in Binary. If it is not set then
3305: Checks if the given list of 'Tags' contains any string that matches with “covid
3306: Returns the cross product of two given three dimensional points in space represented as lists/tuples with
3307: This function returns the number of digtis in an integer. It uses recursion to count each digit
3308: Create level of the code review. 0 = error, >1 warning and convention only . The
3309: Check if an argument of function call has to do with constant integer numbers only; otherwise raise error message
3310: Compare two JSON objects. If they are the same or one of them isn't an array then
3311: Checks if the given line of text starts with any type space character. If it does then returns
3312: A function that repeats the operation of another given functions. The number 'n' specifies how many
3313: Check if the given sides can form an equilateral triangle. 1 <= x <= 30
3314: Code to perform raptor's name matching. It takes two lists of names and returns
3315: A function that performs Binary Search on an array of integers. It returns the number if element is
3316: Returns the value of function y = e^(-0.3 * |a| + 4 )
3317: Removes all line end characters from the input.  This is useful when you want to ensure that
3318: Convert voltage to degree of the given frequency in radians per second – using linear approximation method .
3319: This function takes in four parameters representing the red green and blue values of an RGB color. It then
3320: This function returns the letter grade based on International Testing Network score. 0 <= IQ <=
3321: Calculates the weighted linear interpolation of two points in 3D space using RestFrame's
3322: A function to check if file should be ignored.  It uses the list of files that need not
3323: Clean and return the inputted list of texts as one long string.  Each line is separated by
3324: Returns true if all elements of the first list are present as sublists or any element within it.
3325: Analyze data drifts in the given datasets using different methods like get method to access nested attributes and
3326: Convert the given input to dictionary format using python's dict comprehension method  Code Example :
3327: Implement Fermats Little Theorem.  If n is prime then it's possible to raise any
3328: Code pour gérer le déplacement d'un pion sur une grille de jeu
3329: This function takes two arguments. The first argument is the list of rows to be adjusted and second one
3330: Converts the input array into an equivalent 3D structure. This function is used to create
3331: Check if the given word or set of characters appears in any part within an input string – recurs
3332: Convert the input string to either lower or upper case based on whether it is in 'True' state
3333: This function generates all possible combinations of grants that can be made from the given requests and weights based on
3334: Convert the volume size from bytes to megabytes.	Inputs : Volume Size in By
3335: Removes all spaces and tabs from the input string. The helper function is used to recursively process
3336: Convert the given number of secs to hours/minutes format. Example usage -> print("
3337: This function calculates the optimal chunking factor based on given parameters. It scales down by using maximum
3338: This function calculates the value of an element in array 'k' at index position given by parameter
3339: Check if two given interval pairs intersect.  If they do then return True else False .   Example
3340: Subtracts one from the given number and then multiplies it by another. Returns result of
3341: Returns the input string with its trailing digits removed. If there are no digit characters at all
3342: Get the nth element in an array or subarray. If you are working with graph data structures
3343: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as str but with each first character of every
3344: Checks if the section has exactly two lines.  Returns true or false accordingly .   [1
3345: Calculates the velocity of an object at its peak. 	Inputs : Initial Velocities
3346: Convert RGB to HEX. Code is already written in Python." \end{verbatim
3347: Returns the unit types that have costs and designs.  [1 point]   Code is to filter
3348: Convert LandSat URL to Sentry 4G format using USGS prefixes and suffix .ls
3349: Code to analyze character sequences. It finds the first three characters of each sequence and returns them as separate
3350: Check if the entire input is numerically encoded. —> Return true only when every
3351: Remove hyphenated word separators from string s, keeping the original order of non-"word"
3352: This function is used to solve the problem of increasing and decreasing sequences. It takes an array as input
3353: Checks if the given abbreviation matches with provided string. If both are empty returns true else false
3354: Get user id from JWT payload handler function to decode the token and return its associated User
3355: Handle the input of years. If it's greater than or equal to one thousand, return as
3356: Function to convert string representation of an axes into its numerical equivalent, if possible; otherwise raises error
3357: Check if all digs are unique.  If they're there return true else false .
3358: Round the number to nearest multiple of given integer.  If it is already divisible by 'given
3359: Calculates the speed of car in mph. 	Inputs : Start and End mileage
3360: This function filters out points that are less than the given 'Threshhold'. It reduces these values
3361: Convert binary to decimal number using python programming language  . reverse the given array of bits and convert it
3362: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when '
3363: Get items with runtime context.  This function will return an iterator that yields dictionaries where the
3364: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' terms. The first two numbers
3365: Returns the URL of YouTube Channel associated with an inputted video or playlist object, given by its
3366: Transposes the list of lists. For example, given [[a , b ], …., c
3367: A function that calculates the sum of all powers from ‘start’ to 'stop' where
3368: Returns true if the given iterables are equal, false otherwise.  The function is recursive and
3369: Check if one end of two rectangles overlap. 1st rectangle's left side is on
3370: Checks if the given object has an attribute . example dag files" 	Example usage :
3371: Convert file system paths to filenames in reverse order – ie., the most recent directory
3372: Get exit info from the given dictionary of jobs report .  Return two elements - Exit Code and
3373: Swap the links of two files.  The first file is given as input and should be replaced
3374: Parses the input to either convert it into an integer or floating point number if possible; otherwise
3375: Returns the first valid entry in an ordered dictionary based on keys provided as list of strings from left to
3376: A function that joins strings in an iterative way.  It takes as input list of string and
3377: This function reverses the order of elements in an inputted "creative" series. It handles
3378: Calculates the correlation between two sets of data points.  If they are multicollineral
3379: A function to solve quadratic equations. 	Inputs are x values and coefficients of the equation ax
3380: Merge two sorted lists. If the input is already merged, return it as output; if not
3381: Returns the text of all paragraph elements in an HTML page as one string using BeautifulS Soups parser
3382: Compare two pairs of numbers. If the first number in each pair is greater than or equal to second
3383: Merges two lists into one. If the source is shorter than target then it takes all elements
3384: Check if the input string represents an American Social Security Number. This function will return true only
3385: Get the user from CNAME record in DNS records 1984 service .   Returns first
3386: A function to calculate the maximum possible score of an array based on breaking elements into two groups with equal
3387: This function returns the sizes of all subgrids in grid.  It uses recursion to handle
3388: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was escaped. It does
3389: Returns the list of input files from given directory and its all subtrees.  If no file in
3390: Calculates the percentage of change in value between two EURO area values.  Returns delta as percent
3391: Transform the given string into list of strings by splitting it at each comma, if any present in
3392: This function implements the Sigmoidal activation Function in SecureML format, which is used to map
3393: A function to calculate the nth Fiboancci Number. The first two numbers are
3394: Convert string to its equivalent of the Hexadecimal representation. 	" .format() is
3395: A function to check if two strings are abbreviated.  It uses recursion with the ability of
3396: Convert tangent to sine and cosine in radians, taking into account the signs of both inputs
3397: A function that checks if the input string is properly nested. It uses recursion to solve it by
3398: This function generates the file name of model files in given language and format .  It takes two parameters
3399: Parses the given genomic component data into an array of arrays. Each subarray contains information
3400: Generates colors by reducing the intensity of each color channel.  The function takes an RGB value and
3401: Generates URLs that are only accessible to the developer. This function is used in development
3402: Check if the first row of  _   D end. . rst is equal to OriginalEnd
3403: Update the status of an OS Service.  If 'action' is enable then it enables else if
3404: Looks up the security Group ID in an EC … .'   -> Code to lookup
3405: Returns the SCADA RAMP rate of an individual Trading Broker. If not found returns
3406: Finds the first occurrence of an element in given list that is greater than equal to 'minimum'
3407: Computes the log probability density function of Beta distribution with parameters α and μ . This is
3408: Returns the intersection of two given rectangle boundaries.  If they do not intersect then returns None .
3409: This function calculates the size of each layer in an autoencoder. The input is three parameters
3410: Convert Ansbile std out to string.  This function takes in list of strings and returns the
3411: Counts the total number of edges present within an array. 	Input : Array containing links,
3412: Returns the list of elements in 'InputList' that match with an element from another given List.
3413: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The base case is
3414: Fixes the city name to start with 'MT' and adds prefix of Mount if it doesn’
3415: Returns the string EMonitor followed by inputted MAC address. 	Inputs :MAC Address in
3416: Convert the inputted comma separated strings into list format – str to lst conversion function .
3417: Calculates the luminosity of an RGB or CMYK value. The formula used is based on human
3418: This function rounds down the given number to its nearest multiple of specified 'factor'.  For example if
3419: A function that returns the first non null/undefined argument passed to it. If no arguments are provided
3420: Prints the selected post' information. If no such selection exists it returns zero .   Code length
3421: This function returns the format string to use when converting numbers of type 'num' into strings.
3422: Returns the value of constant c in terms TDD. The formula is derived from an equation that relates
3423: A function to return the first non-"alias" of an input string. If it is not
3424: Convert the input to an italian style. –> _input_ -> ﬨ
3425: Split the dictionary into its values. 	Inputs : Dictionary of dictionaries, Output -
3426: Merge two sorted lists in ascending order.  If the input list has an odd number of
3427: A recursive function that generates the zero sequence.  It starts from an input number and keeps reducing
3428: A function that checks if the length of word is between two and four hundred. If it's
3429: Check if at least one item from the list is present within given input. ...	def
3430: Toggles the bit at position 'offs' in binary representation of number. 0 <= pos
3431: Checks if the operator passed in as an argument matches any of our comparison operators.  Returns True
3432: Calculates the relation between two values. If both are zero then returns zeros otherwise it calcula
3433: This function takes an application's file extension as input and returns the base/main app or program
3434: A function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It uses memoization, which is
3435: Create an array from the input. If it's already string or contains only one element which itself
3436: Checks if the given list of strings contains only one string. If it does not contain any other
3437: Generates RGB color based on position in the circular pattern. The colors are generated by mapping positions to
3438: Computes the dot product of two lists. If one list is longer than another it will return Na
3439: Returns all divisor numbers of the input integer. 	Inputs : an Integer Output ->
3440: A function that removes all vowels from the input string. The implementation uses recursion to solve it
3441: Returns the number of coefficients needed to describe an equation with given polynomial degrees.  For example if you
3442: Remove the word 'additional' and any subsequent content from input string, leaving only author name or
3443: Checks if the list contains only empty strings.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false
3444: Convert RGBA to RRGGBB format in Python . Code is used by the game engine
3445: Check if the input 'timeout' parameter has valid format and return it in seconds or raise an error
3446: Returns the result of an easing function. The input is given as 'position' and it returns
3447: Validates if the input variable `value` can be used as dictionary data structure; returns true when
3448: Mask an IP address with the given number of leading ones. This function uses recursion to perform
3449: This function takes two arguments - vector and scalar. It returns the result of multiplying each element by
3450: Returns the integer value of parameter based on its percentage. The function takes two parameters - 'Level'
3451: Checks if the inputted text/sequence of characters forms or not palidromic.
3452: Returns the three values of an integer. If input is '-1', returns 'One'. if it
3453: Calculates the value of C_G* in equation 1.4 from page number . The
3454: Check if the given string can be used as service name or not – it should contain at least
3455: Returns the string after stripping off leading characters until it matches with given 's' . If there
3456: Limit the coordinates of bounding box to [-π, pi]. This function limits all values within
3457: Returns true if the direction is one of N NE E SE S W SW. Otherwise returns false .
3458: Convert string to binary index representation .   Code is used as an input function of the encoder and dec
3459: Returns the values of 'c', then changes them to be equal with variable "B" and finally
3460: A function that generates the first 'N' numbers in an array.  The output is generated by
3461: Split the string into list of substrings based on comma separator, return as result .
3462: A simple python program to generate Fibo series. The input number determines how many numbers in your
3463: Returns the translation of 'Subset Type' to its corresponding string representation in dictionary format or returns default
3464: Sort the list of integers in ascending order using only three different colors. The numbers ‘o
3465: Convert the given list of integers to an integer. The function calculates and returns how many moves are
3466: A function to check if an integer number 'is prime' or composite.  It uses the S
3467: A function that generates the shape of an equilateral triangles. The number in each line is
3468: This function takes in the name as input and returns it with underscores inserted between each word of
3469: Finds the maximum value in an array.  If input list 'None' or single element,
3470: Augments the features of an input dataset.  If specified with multiple transformations it applies all at once
3471: This function takes in the semantic verison of an application and returns it as major . minors or
3472: This function performs an integer shift to the right of number by 'n' places.  It returns
3473: Calculates the difference in hours between two temperatures. 	Inputs : Two temperature values as input
3474: Returns the first three characters of each server name from given services.  This is used to group servers
3475: Get the camera target position in world space coordinates from extented points of two cameras' viewpoints .
3476: Find all the unique ways of reaching from one number with given starting numbers. The path is represented as
3477: Shuts down the GPUs when they are idle. 	Duration of time to wait before shut
3478: Returns the value of Latent Heat Factor at given temperature in Kelvin, using an approximation
3479: Counts the number of unique palindromic word in list . 	Input : List[
3480: Check if the first author of an article belongs to one or more organizations.  If it does then
3481: Get the RGB values of an inputted integer or three element long array. If no argument provided it
3482: This function pads the given list with empty strings to reach length 'mcolumns'.  It returns p
3483: Get the static dimension of two shapes. If they have equal number or more dimensions then return first one
3484: Return the high byte of an integer. 16 bit value is converted to its equivalent in
3485: Convert an Event Name to Number, if possible; otherwise return default value of zero .   [ ]
3486: Filter out the list of strings based on provided word or phrase filtering criteria – case insensitive comparison
3487: This function returns an integer indicating whether the first argument is less than or equal to second. If it
3488: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.	Inputs -> Output .
3489: Computes the running mean of data points.  If no previous means are available it starts from first
3490: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' terms. The first two numbers
3491: Get value from json data. If the given 'Key' is not present then return null else fetch
3492: Filtering the detection results based on category id.  Returns only those entries that match with given '
3493: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. It uses recursion, but it's
3494: Check if the given string contains 'aptsrc apt dist upgrade'.  True -> yes,
3495: Returns the inputted text if it's less than or equal in length. Otherwise,
3496: Returns true if the field is less than or equal to given number. 	Inputs : Field
3497: Convert input to string if it's not already. If the given object has nested lists or strings
3498: Returns the URL to access NavItiA API coverage data.  If no name is provided,
3499: Split the inputted comma separated strings into separate lists of trimmed values . This function
3500: Remove all non numeric characters from the input string, but keep '.' and '-'.
3501: Calculates the reward based on current state and performed actions. The negative of both states are subtracted
3502: Modify the output of an application.  If 'mod' is set to o then wraps
3503: Computes the number of ways to choose elements from an array. The order doesn't matter in
3504: Computes two probabilities of coin flips.  The first is from A and second one B .
3505: Returns the input value if it is within specified range. Otherwise returns either end of that interval depending on
3506: Check if the input number or string representation of it's digits are palidromic.
3507: Compare two strings case insensitive and return True if they are the same otherwise False .  If one
3508: Remove the specified string from each element in an array/list of strings – one at start .
3509: A function that aggregates the string content of an array.  It uses recursion to iteratively
3510: Returns the start index of rows in an array. This function is used to calculate where each new line
3511: Create an array of two elements representing the start and stop positions on either side from given position. If
3512: Convert the first character of each word to uppercase in string 's'. If it is already capital
3513: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit. Code snippet that converts the given
3514: This function pads sequences to the maximum length. If sequence is shorter than specified then it append zeros
3515: Parse GFF3 Attributes string into key/value pairs – one per line, separated
3516: 返回一个路径字符串。如果给定的文件或目录不存在，
3517: Generates the URL of Biobase experiment data tarballs on BioConductors website
3518: Check if the first part of two paths are equal or not – ie., whether one path
3519: Remove the .XML extension from file names in Python 3+ using regular expressions or string methods only
3520: Calculates the Mean Percentual Error between two lists of predictions.  The function takes as
3521: A recursive function that reverses the string.  It uses slicing to reverse each character in
3522: Convert Mile to KM using Python function . Code is given in the problem statement and it conver
3523: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The input is an integer '
3524: Add two signed byte values. Returns the result as an unsigned char value in range [1..=
3525: This function reverses the order of all characters in each word within an input string, but leaves punct
3526: This function determines the phase information from an input string. It checks if it contains specific keywords and returns
3527: Smooth step function, used in shader programming to create transition between two values smoothly over time using
3528: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their XOR operation. The result is represented in the
3529: Checks if the least significant bit of b is set. Returns true when it's not,
3530: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same output, but with all lowercase
3531: Convert string to boolean, with 'True', lowercase and upper case are treated as equivalent –
3532: Search the event log of users. 1st line should be brief, second one more detailed if
3533: Initializes the belief state of an agent in gridworld environment using Believing Particles method
3534: Calculates the average salary between two salaries or one single value depending on whether they are provided .
3535: Find the smallest number in list that is not zero. If all numbers are zeros then return None
3536: Count the number of bits in an integer. This function uses bitwise operations to determine how many set
3537: Returns the string representation of number in given units.  For example newrthan_(10
3538: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.	Inputs : c ->
3539: This function takes as input an NxN square 3D array and returns the transpose of
3540: Returns True if the two states are in one row.  Otherwise returns False .   Code is used
3541: Generates the information about races that are happening at or after current time.  Code is used to
3542: This function searches through the given array of objects to find an object that matches with x and y coordinates
3543: Returns the list of variations that can be used to represent 'nothing' or `NULL` in Python
3544: A scan of the layer at given position. The layers are numbered from top to bottom and each
3545: Adds the content of one HTML document to another. 	Input - two strings representing html documents
3546: This function calculates the maximum depth of binary tree nodes in OOP style . The time complexity is
3547: This function checks if the given file or files are GiftIs. If they aren't it
3548: Returns True if the input string is 'Freez' or lowercase version of free, otherwise False
3549: Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to n that is not less. This function uses recursion
3550: Computes the square of Euclidean distance between two points in 𝑥. The function
3551: Convert the output of depthwise convolution to spatial dimensions. This function takes as an argument one dimension in
3552: Create an error message function that takes in the name of func and its parameters as input to generate one
3553: Interval intersection function. Returns the smallest overlapping intervals if they exist; otherwise returns none .
3554: Create an HTML formatted string of the cluster name and its corresponding id. This function is used
3555: A function to perform division. If the second argument is zero it returns ZeroDivisionError message
3556: Checks if the coordinates of an object are within range.  If they're not, it
3557: 解析GBI的YiqTOL标签。返回对应于该特
3558: Calculates the radius of an ellipse given mass and height values in kg/meter^3
3559: Check if the given string represents an MMF footer. This function checks whether or not
3560: A function to find the Greatest Common Divisors of two numbers.  Uses Eucl
3561: Returns list of mixture weights index tups.  Each tuple contains the name and value associated with each
3562: Returns the input as ASCII if it is lower than 0x8F, else returns an
3563: Calculates the output of an inverted element.  The input parameters are as follows : Inputs
3564: Generates the directory name of tiles.  The format is tile_x1y1__xy
3565: Convert class to index dictionary into reverse mapping of classes and indices respectively . 	Input : dict -
3566: A function to convert Air Quality Index values into human readable levels.  The conversion is based on
3567: Returns the ratios of corresponding elements in two lists. If vectors are not equal length it raises an error
3568: Check if the given 'break condition' is met.  If it matches with provided "Final Mark
3569: A function to perform Binary Search on an array. The search is performed in the range [lo
3570: Rescales the given value within an existing range to another.  The function takes five parameters and
3571: This function calculates the coefficients of Rayleigh Damage model in two dimensions using given parameters .
3572: Shifts the bits of an integer to right. The number is specified by 'n'. If there
3573: Returns the rank of an element in singular values. If it's greater than target then returns one
3574: Returns the size rounded to nearest .xx.  For example, if input is '346
3575: A function to calculate the Fibo number at position 'N'. The first two numbers in sequence
3576: Convert text to list of phrases separated by commas or 'and'.  If the first character is
3577: Returns the result of division operation on each element. 	Inputs : List and Operator .
3578: Returns the value of parameter in floating point format. Level is an integer and it represents how much to
3579: Search the given 'Course Type' from Score Table.  If found return true else false
3580: Calculates the variance of an array. 	Inputs : Array size 'N' and probability
3581: Counts the number of files that are missing from an array.  It checks if each ID is
3582: truncates the timestamp to seconds and returns quotient & remainder.	Inputs : Timestamp in
3583: A recursive function that prints the elements of an array in reverse order.  The first element will
3584: Convert the given triplets into UCSC format.  For example, [3487
3585: A function that calculates the square of each number up to 'N' and returns their total.
3586: Return the first part of an EC  Reservation ID. This is useful to display only one line
3587: Calculates the Manhattan distance between two points.  This is used to calculate shortest path in
3588: Get SENML JSON record. Returns the value of an element in SenML data model based on
3589: Clean column names by removing square brackets.  If the first character is an open parenthesis,
3590: Parse the message id from an object and return it as integer .  If not possible to convert
3591: Calculates the air density at given temperature and pressure using equation of state model from Rayleigh et
3592: Returns the value of 'x' rotated in such way that it lies between minimum and maximum values
3593: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient between two rectangular plates of different dimensions and temperature at constant pressure . The
3594: This function takes as input an array of line label strings and returns the same output with all duplicate lines
3595: This function sets the device to be used in authentication. It can either set it as an authentic
3596: Returns the absolute difference between each corresponding color in two lists.  For example [3486
3597: Check if the given colour is within range. If it's not, return False; otherwise True
3598: Checks if list is symmetric.  If it's not, reverses the input and
3599: Search dictionary by value and return the corresponding keys if found else returns none  Code snippet to
3600: This function implements the logistic regression model using stochastic gradient descent algorithm with momentum optimization, which is used
3601: This function takes an input and returns the same output as FIZZBUZZ but with numbers div
3602: Finish upgrade tar ball install.  This function is used to clean up the old installation directory after
3603: Merge two index sections. If the first elements of both are equal then it merges recursively
3604: Calculates the GINI index of an array.  It calcula...'s at least
3605: This function replaces the first occurrence of one string with another in an inputted text by using regular
3606: This function returns the index of an element's category based on its name or identifier and whether it
3607: Returns the keys of all arguments passed to it. This function is used in conjunction with
3608: A function to identify the type of COVID -   related information from text data . The input is list
3609: Check if value is out of range.  If it's in the given ranges return True else
3610: Replace URLs with the given 'replaceWith'.  The function takes an array of strings representing
3611: Build an extension with the given `parameters` and return its string representation .  If no parameter is
3612: Wraps the given script in JavaScript tags and returns it as text or HTML if necessary, depending
3613: Check if the given string starts with "required" and ends in ".txt". return True/False
3614: Defines function to greet someone by name. 	Inputs : Name, Output - String with
3615: Check if string starts with another substring 	Input : Two strings	s_one and two .
3616: Returns True if x%1==. . else False, otherwise it returns false or true depending on
3617: Returns the letter of Excel column based on its index. For example, if you have three columns in
3618: Convert RAS to LPS coordinates. 3D rotation matrix from Surface Points in the
3619: This function takes in an output list and returns the joined string of elements.  It uses recursion
3620: This function takes in the domain name and returns its main component, ie., it splits up
3621: Calculates the product of two numbers. If second number is less than first one then it returns zero
3622: Split string into lines.  Reverse order of the resulting list to match Python'd
3623: This function calculates the maximum length of strings in an input list. It uses recursion to find
3624: A function to check if the input string s can be rearranged into palin.drom
3625: A function that calculates the differences between consecutive elements in an oddly shaped list. The first and
3626: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
3627: 3 functions to make chocolates. Code is used in the main function of an application that
3628: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. It uses recursion and memoziation
3629: Update only existing keys from the second dictionary to first one and return updated dictionaries respectively  Code length
3630: Create OAuth headers. 	Inputs : Access token, Output -> Dictionary with the Author
3631: Check if the key exists within an object or not 	Type of value returned by function : boolean
3632: This function calculates the value of Beta distribution with parameters given in input. The calculation is done
3633: Calculates the sum of two numbers. 	m and G are integers;  1 <= |
3634: Fixes the length of tuple to match required size. If original is shorter than desired then adds None
3635: Convert the given string to HTML title format if it's less than or equal 9 characters long
3636: This function returns the filename of an object with given metallicities and densities.  The format is
3637: Check if the given string is progress indicator or not – it should end with 'K'. If
3638: Get the name suffix of winlink rule. This function is used to get either "win
3639: Convert all non numerical characters to empty strings in the given inputted text/code snippet,
3640: This function takes an input 'X' and returns the result of raising X to power eight. It
3641: Check if the given string 's' reads same backward as forward.  If it does, return
3642: This function calculates the dynamic background error of an estimator. It takes three parameters - 'Grow
3643: This function takes two lists as input and returns an new combined sorted version of the elements from both.
3644: Calculates the mid point index of an array. If length is even then it returns average value else
3645: This function takes an array of dictionaries as input where each dictionary represents individual patient data with 'name
3646: A function that determines if n is even or odd. If it's an integer and its par
3647: Convert an input to its linearized form if it's either integer or floating point number else return
3648: Convert the given hour, day or week/ month to its description.  For example '30
3649: Defines the function to make someone laugh by crying out loud about their arguments passed as input list of
3650: Reverse the string if it starts with -, else return original.  [reverseOrder
3651: Returns the signed area of triangle ABC. The result is positive if points are clockwise oriented and negative
3652: This function sorts the given list of lists. It uses recursion to flatten and then remove duplic
3653: Returns the name of an element in dictionary. If not found returns None . The function is
3654: Checks if the given value can be converted to an integer. This function returns True when
3655: Calculates the ratio of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two positive integers or floats .
3656: Returns the target coordinates based on direction of rotation in degrees 36 clockwise and counterclock wise
3657: Generates an id from the given dictionary. If it exists then returns that else generates and adds to
3658: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when `
3659: Calculates the Harmonic Mean of an array.  The function takes as input one list
3660: Convert negative index to positive. If the value is less than 1 then add 'ndim'
3661: Returns the foreign keys from an input string or list of strings with underscores (_).  If
3662: A function to calculate the average of two numbers using Python programming language .
3663: Set the target coordinates. 	Parameters : Magnitude of earthquake magnitude , Time when it
3664: Rescales the value from old range to new one. 	Inputs : Two values and
3665: Convert seconds to samples in the given sampling rate  Input parameters are number of second and sample Rate .
3666: Convert the given string to ISO 8601 format using Python's built in str and
3667: Parses an array of agents and returns them as list in the format required by agent manager to
3668: Returns the ARN of an IAM role that grants basic execution rights to Lambda functions.
3669: Calculates the area of an equilateral triangles. Inputs are base and heigth
3670: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cubed value of that. For example, if
3671: Returns the type of repository. If it's git or github return its name otherwise
3672: Calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space using Pythagoras' theorem and
3673: Calculates the total amount of "fuel" used to move from one point on Earth's
3674: Adds two lists of numbers. If the input is not valid an error will raise and return None
3675: This function converts the input string to its ATBASH cipher equivalent by reversing it and
3676: Generates the specification of an application.  If provided with both parameters it will return 'appName
3677: Convert meters per second to kilometers hourly rate .   Code is used in the function of
3678: Get the sub title number from an object or dictionary . 	Inputs : Dictionary/Object with
3679: A function to check if the inputted integer can be divided evenly by any numbers upto its
3680: Convert the given name of an unmounted partition to its mounted counterpart.  For example if you
3681: Returns the coordinates of lines in an image. The orientation can be either top or bottom and left/
3682: Flatens the dictionary recursively and returns it as one level deep nested structure .  If input isn
3683: Get the ir frame number based on RGB index and total IR frames. Returns rounded value of
3684: Returns the radius of an object with given name. If no such named objects exist then it returns None
3685: Check if the given data has nested keys or not – returns true/false based on that condition
3686: This function returns the day with lowest value in given dictionary of days and their respective values as input parameter
3687: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  The result is one number that represents how similar or
3688: Check if the value is divisible by any of these numbers. If it's not, return
3689: Obtains the value from an input. If it'll be either integer or floating point number
3690: Remaps the given 'year' to be between [3,6] if it is within range
3691: This function takes an input of encrypted text and the number to be shifted as parameters. It then shifts
3692: This function calculates the total time spent by ambuande and non - ambuanec
3693: This function converts coordinates from one dimension to another. It uses recursion until it reaches the base
3694: A recursive function to calculate the sum of two numbers. It uses bitwise operations and carries from
3695: Convert Mileage into Feets.	Inputs : integer, Output -> float . Con
3696: Check if the length of data is less than or equal to zero. If true, raise an error
3697: Returns the scale factor used in Laplacian noise generation, which is equal to one divided by
3698: Find headers within the given list of strings. The header is defined as two or more consecutive identical string
3699: Counts the number of successful and unsuccesfull trials.  Returns two values - count
3700: Calculates the length of input string. 	Inputs : Text, Output - Length/
3701: Compare two SQL statements. If they are the same up to their first word then return true else false
3702: Returns unique elements from the sequence by their IDs.  The function uses recursion to traverse
3703: This function takes as input an arbitrary string and returns the same text with each newline character replaced by
3704: Returns the list of operating systems supported by an IOS device.  If no OS is provided,
3705: This function checks if the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. It does so by checking
3706: Get the id of an object. 	Inputs : Host Object, Output - The ID .
3707: Returns the appropriate string based on input. 1st level -> success, failure or cancelling
3708: Check if the given JSON data contains 'test' key. This function will return true when
3709: Checks if the input value can be considered as remote data.  It checks whether it's
3710: Create an object to represent Slacker message section. 	Inputs : Text of the Section .
3711: Returns true if the clock wise movement is possible.  If not it returns false otherwise .   It
3712: This function takes as input an array of strings/lists where each string represents one command to be executed
3713: Split the data set into two lists based on an attribute's values – left with elements
3714: Returns the index of given coordinates in an array. The function calculates and returns which cell within two
3715: This function returns an error message when the given input is not valid. This checks if any
3716: Returns the ratios of two lists.  If one or both input arrays are empty then it returns an
3717: Convert string to floating point number. If the input value can be converted into an integer or decimal then
3718: This function takes in an URL and returns the name of last part after splitting it by "/".
3719: Round the filter values to nearest integer. If no value is provided then return original dataframe
3720: Convert the given parameters to ansi j color codes .	Inputs : two integers , Output -
3721: Check if the given 'problem' is within one of shapes defined by input list.  If it
3722: Merge two dictionaries recursively. If both inputs are lists or dictionary types then concatenates them
3723: 根据文件路径获取其类型。如果存在，返回相应的字符串；
3724: Trim the string to 19 characters if it is less than or equal. If longer,
3725: Convert datetime object to string in ISO 8601 format if it exists, otherwise return the
3726: A depth first search algorithm.  It generates all possible combinations of steps to reach the target state from
3727: Returns the dimensions of an array or list. If no argument given returns zeroes as default values if
3728: checks if the user's guess is correct and returns remaining lives. If not it deduct one
3729: This function extends the first element of one array to another. It is used in recursion and merg
3730: Preprocessing of stanze text data using the Stanford CoreNLP library and filtering out stop
3731: This function calculates the relevant part of an equation. It takes four parameters - two real numbers and
3732: Returns the type of instrument based on given number. 1st part checks if it's in
3733: A function to set the default text/label sizes in matplotlib plots – used by other
3734: Generates the rhomers of an array with length k .  The first element is always one
3735: Returns true if the number passed in as an argument can be expressed by two to any power. Otherwise
3736: Trims leading and trailing whitespace from string values in the given input data type .  If
3737: Split the source string into indices of parentheses pairs, returns an empty list if no valid
3738: 根据给定的路径返回一个字符串，表示该文件或目录属于
3739: Create and return the path to use as socket file in bsPWM window manager .  This
3740: A function to compute the cumulative distribution of an array. The result is always between zero and one
3741: Returns the y value given an input of X and calculated slopes.  The formula is Y =
3742: Convert an integer color value to its equivalent in the form of red green blue. 0xRR
3743: A recursive function to calculate the height of binary tree nodes in Python .   [3pts
3744: This function calculates the mean and variance of an input list. It uses recursion to calculate these
3745: Convert one dimensional index to three dimensions grid coordinates.  The function takes four parameters - the two indices
3746: Calculates the distance between two points in 3D space.	   .
3747: Returns the bounding box of given list/tuple 'point' where each point is represented by
3748: Checks if the number 'i' can be divided by any of given numbers in list.
3749: Convert an integer or floating point number to its linear equivalent. If the input value can be converted into
3750: Generates an image uuid based on the VDU and its NFV descriptor.  The
3751: Returns the cumulative of multiples less than 'n' that are either divisible by both three
3752: This function counts the number of set bits in an integer. It uses recursion to calculate it locally
3753: Get the URL of GNOME repository from package info dictionary .  If there is only one part in repo
3754: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and
3755: Counts the number of false predictions.  Code is used to count all instances where either label was
3756: Returns the magnified value of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two real values . Output is
3757: Convert all spaces in the input string to HTML nbsp entity, useful when embedding into html or
3758: Computes the scalar product of two lists. The input should be in form [xn]. Returns
3759: Compute the Beales function value at point `point` using recursive formula with two variables of
3760: Get the wind direction in degrees from an input string of cardinal directions like N or NE etc..}
3761: Translate from one based indexing to zero base. This function takes two arguments and returns the difference
3762: A function that creates an empty or filled Matrix. The number of elements in the row and column are
3763: Calculates the amount of acids in one gram and their index. The calculation is based on mol
3764: Create grid of given dimensions. If the second dimension is 0 it returns list with one element else
3765: Returns all positions of dots on the grid.  This is used to check if any dot has been
3766: Convert the name of weights or biases to layer names. ... def
3767: A function that returns the dictionary information.  If input isn't of type 'dictionary',
3768: Fetch stock chart data from finazip's website using the provided symbol and return as text
3769: Convert the frequency lists from human to zebra. 1st level of conversion, converting all
3770: Returns the sign of number. If input is positive, returns '+', if negative '-' and
3771: Calculates the modal peak of two complex numbers.  The function takes four parameters : 'an'
3772: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is null or the other isn't then return that
3773: This function checks if the input value of 'min' in seconds. If it isn’t an
3774: Create or update the evidence in .INST files of network models to be used by the solver later
3775: Calculates the distance between two points on an optical system.  The fringe spacing is
3776: This function generates the schema location string from namespaces set .  It formats each namespace with its name
3777: Build the dictionary that represents an ad' headers in Google Play Store format – title and image details
3778: This function returns the Solace URL based on provided ip and other parameters. It is used to
3779: Checks if the input argument can be considered as unicode string. This function will return
3780: Returns the path to raw businesses data file of specified YELP user . 	Inputs :
3781: Check if the given file name does NOT contain any of 'DEMO', ‘TEST’,
3782: Convert binary seat IDs. The input is the row and column of each passport, where rows
3783: A function that adds two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Output -
3784: Check if the parameters exist within given result set.  If yes then return True else false .
3785: This function takes an input of type float and returns the integer part after removing any fractional parts from
3786: Convert the given value to an unsigned 3.4 million binary string representation of length at least two
3787: Calculates the similarity between two strings. The higher value means more similar to each other as compared with
3788: Convert binary to decimal.	Inputs : Binary number as string . Returns the equivalent Decimal
3789: Calculates the virtual temperature from mixing ratio and initial kinetic energy of an atom or molec
3790: This function takes the path of an entire directory and returns only its name without any extensions .  For
3791: Returns the file sets used by each set of runs specified, as strings – one per line .
3792: Calculates the cost of purchasing one unit at price 'comp' and selling it back to buyer.
3793: Check if the points are on left side of line segment. 3D version with orientation check .
3794: Return the coefficients of two points to form an equation in line.  The function takes as input
3795: This function generates the pyrmids of wire sequences from an input list . The number and arrangement are
3796: Returns the Y coordinate of given point on game's field. If it is out range returns '-
3797: Remove digts from the given text.  Code to be used in other programs or scripts that need
3798: A function that returns the closest number to 'smallest' but not greater than or equal ‘
3799: Filter list of strings by the index and value.  If line at given position matches with provided string
3800: This function calculates the amount of money to be paid in each month by compounding an annualized
3801: Check if two series are equal.  If one is an Empty List Series then it returns true
3802: A function to convert date in Persia format. 	Inputs : year ,month and Day
3803: Convert the given message into string format with correct brackets and dots depending on whether or not there is
3804: Returns the input string with its first letter capitalized if it is not already uppercase, else returns
3805: This function calculates the DOPPLER SHIFT factor. It takes two parameters; one
3806: Returns the named attribute of an object as if it were read from stdin .  If that'
3807: Convert decimal degrees to hours and minutes. The result is in the format of tuple with three elements representing
3808: Code to change the learning rate based on annealing schedule. Adjusts lerning rates at
3809: Calculates the cube of an input number. Code is written in Python language and uses builtin
3810: A function to generate binary representation of an integer. If the number is zero it returns string with z
3811: Check if the given file is not part of MINST dataset or any other private files that are used
3812: Checks if the given 'var' is within range of minimum to maxiumum.
3813: A function to return the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of number. If not available
3814: 检查文本中是否包含任何关键词。如果没有提供，则返回False；
3815: A function to check if the given sequence matches with instructions in an array.  If it does match
3816: Create callback data. 	Inputs : Button type and Category . Returns the combined string of both
3817: Convert time in seconds to human readble format.  e..g, "3 days and
3818: Check if the given string can be converted to an integer within range of symbols list .  If it
3819: Returns the full path to an object in projects directory based on its type and name within that scope of
3820: Convert string to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return false .  If the input is not one
3821: Defines an ASCII checker.  It checks if the string contains only asccii characters
3822: Flips the order of names in an array or list, returning last name first followed by comma and
3823: Create copy of the given data set based on its name.  If it is FS Voc
3824: Return the test node of an item or None if no such thing exists. If it is
3825: This function calculates the coordinates of an image pixel given its row and column indices. The parameters represent
3826: This function calculates the DM step size based on given parameters . The formula is derived from Dynamic
3827: Extracts the percentage from input strings and returns it as decimal rounded to two places . If not
3828: returns the variables of an object in json format." .format() ti={},
3829: Calculates the superficial cubic of an object. The formula is used to calculate it based on its
3830: Returns the verb's indefinite article based on its base form and map of infinitives
3831: Computes the surface temperature from an input of heating flux in W/m^kelvin,
3832: Change the coordinates of two given points. If they are inside one wire then move them by specified steps
3833: Return all the point coordinates that are within or on one of two given rectangular regions.  The first
3834: Returns the reversed version of list. If element is 'greater than', it becomes less or
3835: Get the account id from Code Pipelines job details if available else return default value 	None
3836: Generates GUID section in the given file with specified attributes and type of security identifier 	G
3837: Convert the given percentage to its equivalent in RGB color space, where each component is scaled up by multip
3838: Calculates the Cumulative Satisfaction Score of an organization based on responses to satisfaction surveys
3839: Return True if the HTTP response is successful, False otherwise. This function checks whether an http request returned
3840: A function that takes two arguments. If the first argument can be converted to an integer or floating point
3841: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  Code snippet to find maxima in an array or
3842: This function takes in an URL and returns the first character of its file name, which is assumed to
3843: Evaluates the total accuracy of three models on KAGGLE's public dataset using validation
3844: Returns whether two given integers are equal. If they're the same it returns True else False .
3845: This function takes as input the name of an article, and returns it with slashes replaced by unders
3846: Returns the minimum cost of connecting all nodes in an adjacency list. The function uses depth first
3847: Convert given number of ms to hours, min and sec. If less than one minute return as string
3848: Builds the trailer of an object.  This is used to close out all objects and clean up
3849: A function that sums the digtis of an integer. The input is given as one number and returns
3850: Clean the name by converting to lower case and splitting into list of names, then joining them with unders
3851: Remove the specified DNS name from known hosts file in ssh connection .  This is useful when you want
3852: A function to perform floating point division. If the second number is zero it returns '0'. Otherwise
3853: Filter out all spaces from the string, converting everything to lowercase using Python"  .strip().
3854: Merge two binary trees. If one of the input is None or empty then return other's
3855: Convert MIDI note number to frequency.	Inputs : Note Number, Output = Frequency
3856: Convert HTML img tags to AMP equivalent using the '&lt;' and '#39'.
3857: Returns True if the current epoch matches or exceeds one of our defined 'Checkpoints'. This function checks
3858: Convert binary string to integer. 	Inputs : Binary String of length n . Output -
3859: A linear interpolation function. It takes two points and the value to be calculated at as input parameters
3860: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB values" . ---> Code snippet that
3861: This function calculates the value of 'faster' based on input. It uses recursion to
3862: Code to manipulate the sequence of musical note values. The two functions are used as helper methods within
3863: Calculates the Hammings distance between two lists.  The difference is calculated by counting how many
3864: Builds query parameters based on the version number. If less than 3 digits, it returns
3865: Convert the given parameters into description format.  This function is used to generate tags in FireSim'
3866: Return the input as an array if it's not already one. Otherwise return just that
3867: Checks if the given entry is an SSL on directives.  This function returns True when it
3868: Implementing the Extended Euclidean Algorithm. This function calculates gcd and coefficients of Be
3869: This function takes an integer t in seconds and returns the time as string. It converts it to
3870: Generates dictionary of target values. 1st key is the index and second value corresponds to digit
3871: This function takes an array of strings and replaces the first character with "." if it is at
3872: Returns the URLs that contain at least one of given keyword.  [keyword] -> List
3873: This function returns the type of binocularity based on its intensity. The range is from negative
3874: Convert the given numerical rating to its string representation. 0 is considered as 'terribble',
3875: This function returns the N th term of an arithmetic sequence. The parameters are three numbers which represent
3876: Returns the number of extra bytes needed to make l an integer multiple. If it is not, returns
3877: This function takes an integer or float as its argument and returns the negative of that number, ie
3878: This function takes an input DNA sequence and returns its reversed complements. It uses the mapping rule
3879: Convert Celsius temperature into Farenheight scale using the formula of conversion from cesuis
3880: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The input is the number, and it returns
3881: This function takes an array of phrases and returns the same list with each string joined by underscore.
3882: Convert the logarithmic value of rescale. 	Inputs : Logarithmically scaled result
3883: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the same length, but with each element being
3884: Convert MIDI note to ANSI Note. The input is the number of middle C on
3885: A function that generates wave pattern. It takes three parameters; the current timestamp and two constants defining how
3886: A function to calculate the total of all numbers that are factors or "Dividends" an input
3887: Combines like term pairs into one.  If the second element of any pair matches an existing first
3888: This function calculates the cost of painting. It takes two parameters - content and style which are both
3889: Checks if the given 3x4 grid layout has valid rows or columns. If it does
3890: This function returns the display name of an object.  It takes as input one dictionary containing information about
3891: Returns the value of 'sign' function, which returns either one if input is positive or zero and
3892: Compose the full name of an entity in tabular form using prefix and root names .
3893: Shifts the characters in string 's' to left by number of positions specified.  If position
3894: Calculates the power spectral density of an array.	Inputs : dim - dimension to calculate p
3895: Returns the eligible creations in given range.  The function takes as input an array of tup
3896: Create an object that represents the VUE instance. 	Inputs : item -> The data
3897: This function calculates the number of cores available on Linux system using /etc/.  It reads from
3898: Returns the position of an element in one dimensional array. If it is at first or last place then
3899: This function takes in an array of commands and returns the command list as one string. It is used
3900: This function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It takes one argument, the
3901: Calculates the maximum distance between two points in tau space. The formula is derived from geometry and
3902: A function to handle file operations with error handling and exit on any exception .  It uses the '
3903: This function takes in an input string and returns the first character of that text as output  .
3904: Convert the given number into its equivalent “uint” type. If it’s larger than maximum
3905: Normalizes the float v within range [lower bound; uppper boundary]. 	Example usage
3906: This function takes an integer as input and returns the opcodes of that number. The first digit
3907: Checks if the given value can be considered as an integer. 1/0 -> bool
3908: Validates the status of an ongoing or completed transfer. If it'll be stopped by exception then
3909: This function returns the last element of an input list. If there is no elements in array, it
3910: Checks if the given string starts with an underscore. This function is used to prevent
3911: Defines function to add two numbers.  Code is used in other functions as part of the program
3912: Returns the result of adding one to an argument. This function is used as example in other functions and
3913: This function calculates the total minutes from an input time in hours and returns it. It takes as
3914: A function that converts every second character to uppercase and the rest in lower case. The input
3915: Generates the URL of an image in different formats.  The function takes three parameters - format type
3916: Compare two files. If both are present then return True if they're the same else false or
3917: Convert byte size to human readable format.  Input is in integer and output will be string with
3918: This function calculates the total value of characters from an input string. The values are based on their
3919: A function to check if the input string s can be rearranged into palin.drom
3920: Unwrapping the first element of each list in input.  If an argument isn't iter
3921: This function takes in the output of predict() and returns top 3 most relevant documents based on their
3922: Generates unique ids of given length. The generated ID is composed by random characters from the ASC
3923: This function creates an array of points that form the corners and edges of rectangle. The coordinates
3924: Calculates the fraction of elements that are common between two lists.  Returns None when one list is
3925: Split data into three parts based on comma separator and return the first two as tuple with third
3926: Convert the first character of each word in string into uppercase and return as title case version –
3927: Check if the given entry exists in database and return true/false accordingly – using provided DB &
3928: This function is used to tweek the encryption range based on config. It returns an integer value representing
3929: Calculates the square of sums from begin to an endpoint. Returns None if input is invalid or not
3930: Convert tensors to the desired type on specified devices – recursive function that converts lists/
3931: Compute the flow parameter of an object.  The formula is derived from velocity and length in fluid
3932: A function that checks if all elements in an array are less than or equal to the given number.
3933: Returns True if the input is numerically equivalent to its string representation, False otherwise.  For example
3934: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal.  Input is an array of three integers between [min
3935: Computes the edit distance between two strings. The function is recursive in nature with memoization
3936: This function checks if the user is connected to various types of networks. It returns an integer representing how
3937: Generates flake  command to run on the given python script.	Inputs : Python Script
3938: Convert log levels to colors. 1st line is the function name, followed by its parameters and
3939: Returns the endline character based on an integer. The function is used to convert between different types of
3940: Returns the number of blocks to mine. The function calculates by adding up all lengths from input list
3941: Compare two strings by their lengths. If they are equal in terms of characters count return zero; if
3942: A function that recursively converts nested lists into flattened ones.  It uses the built
3943: Generates an empty conjunction matrix of size nxn.  Each element is zero, representing the
3944: This function takes in an input of 'percentage' and returns the equivalent value after adding one hundred
3945: Finds the first node with given display Name in tree structure – recursive function that travers
3946: Log out the current user. – [Your Name] -[Date].   ## Code
3947: Calculates the area of Rhumbuses using their diagonals as input parameters and returns it in
3948: Truncates the inputted text to fit within specified length. If it exceeds that limit then returns
3949: Create arguments to be used with the Mueller matrix calculation.  If mu and muf are specified
3950: Convert non numeric values to string.  If the input isn't provided or it doesn’
3951: Computes the generalized mean of function. The generalised means are used to calculate statistics that can be
3952: Performs multiplication of two numbers.  The result is returned as output from function call .   Example
3953: Generates an Edge List from the given list of Path.  Each element is represented as tuple containing
3954: This function takes in an option name and returns the corresponding menu item's label as it appears on
3955: A function that performs list division on two lists of numbers. The result is another one with the same
3956: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from each element of the list, return new modified version as output
3957: This function formats the time in milliseccond to minutes and second with leading zeros. If
3958: Returns the ratio of two numbers. If second number is zero then it returns first one else return division
3959: Convert CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT.	Inputs -> Output .
3960: This function is used to choose the probability of an action based on its value and other factors such as
3961: Get the screner type of given input.  If it's string then return its corresponding
3962: Tokenizes the input string into individual tokens, separated by spaces or other specified delimiters
3963: A function to display the information of multiple items with their corresponding 'score' or value associated in desc
3964: A function to generate an URL safe representation of the given IP Address. The input is expected as two
3965: Returns True if the given string is one of four letters that are used to represent other letter digs
3966: This function joins the given list of strings into one string, with each line separated by an optional new
3967: This function returns the total number of occupied seats in an array.	Inputs : seating ->
3968: Convert the given id into an absolute path. 	Format of output is /{resourc
3969: Finds the sequence of regions that are part or all contain SS and returns them as list elements with
3970: Checks if an array of integers/floats are sorted in ascending order.  If the
3971: Calculates the controversiality of an item. The more bountifully paid and less expensive
3972: This function returns the value of 'cut off' if it is less than zero. Otherwise return its
3973: Convert the given input to an integer if it is not none, otherwise return null. This
3974: Returns the history of moves made by computer player. 	Inputs : Piece to be checked
3975: Checks if the current program mode in GUI or not. This function will return true when
3976: Returns the alignment of an element based on its horizontal justification value, which is between 1 and
3977: Checks if two numbers are almost equal within 4 decimal places or less precision level of accuracy in
3978: Create database URI. 	Inputs -> Database type as string ('mysql', 'postgres
3979: This function checks if the given word's part of speech is an adjective, verb. 0
3980: Check if the string is ASCII.  If it's not, return false; otherwise true
3981: This function checks if the day of week is weekend or not. It returns 'True' when it
3982: Check if two fractions are equal.  If they're not the same fraction then return False
3983: Checks if the given string is ASCII. This function returns true only when all characters
3984: Converts string to bool, supports 'True', ‘False’ and numeric values like
3985: Filter out the .git extension from repository names.  This is useful when you want to compare two
3986: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. The first two numbers in series are always zero and
3987: Returns true if the first character of string 'str' can be converted to decimal. Else returns
3988: This function returns the minimum value of an array or list, if it is not empty else return '
3989: This function takes in list of strings and returns the string after removing first element. If there is no
3990: A function that returns the first n characters of string. If it's longer than 'n',
3991: Returns the status of an Activity. 0 = Success, anything else is failure .  1=
3992: Checks if the input string has any instances of "Critical" in it, regardless whether they
3993: Determine if the given number is even and greater than two. If so, return 'Yes'.
3994: Create an instance of the Class with specific attributes .  # TODO : Add more details about what each
3995: Convert DNA to RNA by replacing all Ts with U' s in the given string of D
3996: Convert list of dictionaries to JSON format using Python's builtin module 'json'.  This
3997: Calculates the through fall flux.  If there is enough storage in our tree to cover all of
3998: Implement the Babylonian method of computing an approximate value to find positive root using Newton's
3999: Wraps the input string in backticks.  For example `def foo(): return '
4000: Get the name of skin from an Object. 	Inputs : string -> returns String with
4001: Validates if the input is an integer coordinate pair.  Returns true or false accordingly based on whether
4002: Calculates the minimum of four ratios based on given parameters gamma and tension values . The first ratio is
4003: Convert the given number of points to pixels. The conversion is based on standard pixel density, which varies
4004: This function returns the points along diagonal from one point to another.  The direction of movement is determined
4005: Remove the specified suffix from end of inputted strings if they exist in it; otherwise return original text
4006: Removes all whitespaces from the input string.  Code is written in Python language and uses recurs
4007: Defines the function to greet someone by their names. 	Inputs - Name of person as
4008: Convert an UpperCamels to Lower Caml case .  	Example : "UpperToLower
4009: Wraps the input number 'm' around to fit within an integer. 	Example usage
4010: Check if the given input is an existing, defined Array.  If it exists return true else false
4011: Remove the language from python file header if it exists, else return original string  Code is used to
4012: Convert the given string representation of duration to minutes or hours depending on whether it is in "hours"
4013: This function returns the ceiling of division operation on two numbers using Python's built in floor dividing
4014: This function takes in one argument which is the input string of type "dd//mm///yyy
4015: Check if the input number is prime using Luca's test.  If it passes, return
4016: Returns the name of vocabulary file to be used.  This function is responsible only with generating and
4017: Check if the input object can be considered as vector or scalar.  If it's either of
4018: Computes the magnitude of vector represented by input list 'Q'.  The result is returned as an
4019: This function calculates the padding needed to fit an image in its container. The paddings are
4020: Calculates the maximum chi value of an Alpha Beta Max model. The input should be
4021: This function takes in one parameter, ratio and returns the percentage equivalent of that value as rounded to two
4022: Checks if two parties have the exact address/name combination to be considered equal in terms of identity
4023: Parses the request string into its component parts and returns only if it's in format "
4024: Return the channel name from an input string, if it is valid else return None . If
4025: Preprocesses boolean values. 1 if the input isn't false or zero and nonzero
4026: This function is used to end the conversation with an optional custom response.  It prints out sender and
4027: Format the tracking URI with given Experiment ID and Run Id. 	" .format()	.
4028: This function generates the names of tuple states.  It takes two parameters num and state name which are
4029: This function returns the variant id. If ID is not present, it will return chromosome and
4030: Counts the number of elements in list that are equal to any element.  Returns True if count
4031: Defines two functions terms and terms. The first function, called "term" recursively until it
4032: Convert the given number into its one hot representation. For example if input is '7' then output
4033: This function returns the maximum number in an array. It uses recursion to find out and return any
4034: This function converts seconds into hours and minutes format in python  . The input is the number of
4035: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] ->
4036: A function that returns 'Fiz' if the input number is divisible by both three, otherwise
4037: Returns the path to download and uncompress Wikipedia conversation corpuses in .xml format by years from
4038: Extraction of labels from source files. 	Type : List[str] -> str or
4039: Normalizes the identity of an object. This function takes in one argument which should be either
4040: Returns the colormap name associated with input band number or default to greies if not found in
4041: Returns the consensus sequence based on voting. If weights of two sequences are equal then it returns first one
4042: This function reads the input file line by lne and returns all pass ports in it. It uses
4043: Infer combined lens separation.  This function takes two files and an output file as input parameters
4044: Given list of bounding boxes return the center point coordinates. This function calculates and returns each box
4045: This function returns the first element of an input list. If no elements are in it, then return
4046: A function that calculates the number of ways to climb stairs using three steps at once. The total
4047: This function is used to perform binary image data binnings. It takes two parameters; the first
4048: This function splits the input string into list of substrings based on provided delimiter/character
4049: Returns the vector representation of number one in base ten system with precision up to decimal place .3f
4050: Get the flow cell name from either sample id or run ID. If not found then return default value
4051: Convert all dots in the inputted text to underscores 	Inputs : String, Output