1: Get config options from the configuration object – gets an application's specific setting or throws exception if it isn’t found
2: Returns the function name of an input string.  If it is enclosed in single quotes, returns without quotation marks;
3: Check whether the credentials have changed in an Identity Context object or not – returns True/False based on that condition .
4: Computes the number of ways to partition an integer into exactly 'k' parts. This is done by using Stirlings
5: Find the disappeared numbers from an array of integers using their indices as identifiers . For example [4 ,3,-7 ]
6: Scales the data to fit within given min and max values using linear transformation .  The original value is scaled down or up
7: A function that applies multiple parse rules to an input string. It keeps track of the current cursor location and status within each rule
8: Recursively evaluate the transformation rules of an object using recursion – a process that allows it to traverse through nested
9: Generates all balanced parenthesis combinations of length n . The function generates the combination by using depth first search approach to explore every
10: Get the number of commissions made each day by me and others on specific years from given list .  }  ```
11: Generates the sum of rate values from an exponential distribution with parameter phi=((N−j)-/ N). The
12: This function takes an array of unique, lowercased person's first and last “first” letters as input;
13: Calculates the height from an energy point. 	Inputs : Gamma and Energy Point . Returns Height of E
14: Create an unique identifier based on the name of both instances and scenarios.  This is used to uniquely identify each test case in
15: Convert number to string. If the input is multiple of three return 'pling'.If it's also multiples by five
16: This function calculates the value of an ellipse with given parameters.  The formula used is derived from mathematical principles and
17: Finds the correct node key based on given items.  If an 'article' field matches any of two provided articles then
18: Returns the number of jmp steps remaining in current step. 	Inputs : int or float, returns an object with
19: Extracts the name of an object from its fully qualified identifier string by splitting on '.' character only when it exists otherwise
20: This function generates all possible splittings of the input string 's'. It returns these as dictionaries where each dictionary contains
21: Calculates statistics of the given list/array 'number' .  Returns dictionary with average , minimum and maximum values from array
22: This function alternates between two letters in the given list of strings. If it encounters an identical letter at any point
23: This function calculates the number of times we need smashing candles. The goal here was just finding out how many more
24: Get the credentials of given users from environment configuration.  If no config or invalid/missing data is found then it throws
25: Returns the keys of dictionary that match with tolerated string or part from given one – case insensitive and removes hyphen
26: Generates the binary masks used to index into an input tensor of shape [B x N]. The output will be either
27: Returns the parameter name. If it isn’t an independent variable or testbench compo… . 1 line summaries
28: This function returns the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find out which number
29: Returns the link to pull request in github repository format .   Code snippet : https:/ /api ..
30: Transforms the input string by converting all lowercase characters to upper case and replacing spaces with underscores, respectively."
31: Computes the square error between two predictions and labels in binary classification tasks."   [1]	 .[3]./
32: Get value from dictionary case insensitively by name  Code snippet used to get the values of an object'
33: Calculates the age of an individual based on their birth years. 	Inputs : two integers representing individuals'出生年
34: This function takes as input the list of Runner objects and returns their respective "runner" names followed by an empty line with
35: Format 0x3A64C98B as hexadecimal string with no leading zeros, and
36: Compute the multiplicative inverse of two numbers. If no solution exists return 'None'. Otherwise returns result as an integer if
37: A function that returns the degree of each vertex/vertex pair present within an adjacency list representation – ie.,
38: A function that checks if the input value falls within specified start/end points of an array shape . If it's not
39: This function takes two parameters - position and roll. It returns the new value of 'Position' after rolling dice . The result
40: Returns the filename of an hour file in IEMRE data directory based on given or current time period if not provided, otherwise
41: Clean the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespace, splitting into tokens at spaces using split(), converting to lowercase
42: Parse application name from an object, return empty string if not found; else returns the version of that specific App as well
43: Convert UNIX timestamp to datetime.datetime object in Python  .   Inputs are seconds since the epoch, and outputs is
44: Sorts the bucketing of terms.  This function sorts all term based on their value, which is determined by bucket size
45: Encodes the total number of records in response. 	Encoding format is "{ 'Content': {'application/vnd
46: Adds metaboliites to the given reactions. If it'll be added as product or reactant based on '
47: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was written with all letters uppercase, but each word
48: This function validates the coordinates. It checks if latitude is within range, longitudes are also checked to ensure they fall
49: Check if the input number or string can be read back as palin from left to right, top down .  If yes
50: Convert string to integer using ASCII values of digits . e..g., "34" -> 7,	"
51: Get the maximum possible jumpshipping distance from entries parsed data – if available . If not found return zero or None
52: Returns the color of text. If it is less than zero, returns red; otherwise green." .format() if
53: Checks if the given argument has string type. This function checks whether an object's grpctype attribute
54: Check if string contains only decimal numbers and at most one digit per number"  [END OF SUMMARY].  ```python
55: Computes the adversarial robustness of an output by applying it through differentiable gradient penalty to compute its average log likelihood score
56: Checks if the given triangle' sided lengths can form degeneracy.  A triangles with equal side length are considered
57: A helper function to generate the URLs used in ASHRAES data service API calls . --> This
58: Returns the subsegment of 'str' between two characters ('c') in Python 3.""".format() is
59: Computes the A^*. of M in Darcy's equation using gamma as parameter .   The formula is derived
60: Convert hours and minutes to degrees in decimal format using the HMS system of time representation." --->"%d %
61: Generates report based on the given property details.  The generated reports are stored as json files with unique names and saved to
62: Returns the quorot size of Mesos Masters. If there are more than one master, it returns half plus an extra
63: Returns the character at position in table.  If out of range returns an empty string .   if not valid return space ""
64: Computes the result of an operation over all items.  The function takes as input two parameters : 'op' is to
65: Split an XML Tag into two parts, if possible; otherwise return the original string as is – split on first occurrence
66: Apply function to each entry in the dataset. This is equivalent of map on python list but with an additional parameter that allows you
67: Recursive replacement of substring with another string using recursion . If the input strings are empty it returns an original one
68: Convert timestamp to text type in postgresql table schema definition  .  ```python ```def convertTimestampToText(): pass
69: Checks if the input value represents "True" in case insensitive manner. 1/0 . True, False and
70: This function takes two arguments; lines and the desired 'Year'. It returns all films that were released within or equal to provided
71: Get the companies house number from an object.  If no company has been found, return none .  	Type of input
72: Checks if the given string contains mirroring characters in it, ie., 'o' or its mirror image counter
73: This function calculates the stopping loss based on absolute risk or return from an investment strategy using given parameters of Stop Rate and Current
74: Returns the data's 'kind'.  If it isn’t text or numerics then returns none .   For example
75: A function that creates an empty ‘n x n’ Grid. The cells are filled with boolean values depending on the input
76: Inline arguments into function signature based on type hints or annotations – e..g., injects args from @param
77: Connects to MySQL server and executes the provided SQL command. Returns true if successful else false or error message string in case
78: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal color conversion function with Python programming language implementation using math and string libraries functions . The hex
79: Creates an object with the coordinates.  If both arguments are integers/floats greater than equal to zero then it creates
80: Replace special characters in the sequence with nothing and return it as output – Inputs : start - starting character to
81: Returns the intersection of two lists as another list – items that are present both on one and other inputted array/list
82: Returns the string of "*" repeated by quantity.  For example, if called with argument `3` it will return
83: Calculates the density of an NFW profile.  The parameters are radius and radii at which to evaluate densities in units
84: Reverse only alphanumeric characters in string.  If the input is empty, return it as output without any
85: This function converts all lowercase letters to upper case if they are followed by an equal number of capitalized ones or vice
86: This function returns the rank of 'kind' if it exists otherwise return none . It counts how many times each unique value appears
87: Get the output file base from input table or string – generate unique filename based on given prefix and suffixes if available in
88: Remove all instances of | in the document, until it reaches an empty line or no more .  The result is returned as
89: Convert categorical variable to list with boolean value indicating whether the category exists or doesnt exist  .   [allowableset
90: Calculates the sparisty score of an algorithm. The higher is better and it's calculated as jumping factor times
91: Translates the given dictionary into an object with keys and values corresponding to id/name of resource types etc..  .
92: Traffic light control based on vehicle loads – green if less than or equal to .6, amber otherwise and red
93: Format all arguments as string representation of list or dictionary .  If no argument is provided it returns an empty String	.   if
94: Convert the given string to an integer, removing all non numeric characters except 0 and . in case of hours or minutes
95: Get data from the given dictionary.  If not found return None or empty string if no such key exists .  	Type
96: This function calculates the learning rate based on an iterative process. It starts with maximum possible value and gradually reduces it to
97: Adds two matrices elementwise.  The function takes as input the elements of both matricies and returns their summation
98: Convert file sizes from bytes to more human readable form. For example convert '987' KB into MB or GB
99: This function calculates the power factor of an object. It takes four parameters : frequency , initial phase angle and two constants
100: Map the given state to its equivalent in another context.  For instance, commissioning is mapped as operating and decommitment
101: Normalizes an eMail address by removing all spaces and replacing the @ symbol with underscore, converting to lowercase  Input
102: Computes the distance between two points in 3D space. The result is squared Euclidean norm of difference vector from
103: Removes non ASCII characters from the input string.  It does so by iterating over each character in order and only
104: This function escapes special characters used by SQL queries. It replaces them with their corresponding slash representations to prevent errors when
105: Calculates the put option's price based on its parameters and returns it as output . The function calcula...   [
106: Generates parameters needed to perform trades.  Parameters include the type of trading classifications and flow method used in order processing
107: Convert the given input to string representation based on its data types using recursion – if it's None then return an
108: Generates binary combinations of length 'len' up to the power set size ('total'). The function is recursive and builds
109: Convert the given list of tokens into an equivalent sequence that follows BIO notation or any other convention you choose to use by replacing
110: Returns random integer between 1 and the given number, but if it's less than or equal to  39%
111: Convert an integer to Roman Numeric. For example convert the number '3' into roman numerics as it is three
112: Returns the topics of ZED camera images.  The first topic is used to capture RGB and depth data, while second one
113: Returns the negative of each unit's values from input dictionary 'unit'.  This is done by iterating over all items
114: Generates the name of files with appended strings to their names based on input parameters – e..g., "add
115: Convert byte to other units. If the input is larger than or equal with TB, return in Terabits; if it
116: Convert the given IP address to its corresponding file name based on it’s subnet mask .  For example, if ip
117: This function checks if all parameters of 'prior' are within their respective intervals. If not it returns 0 else return -
118: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
119: Generates all Pythagorean triplets less than the given number 'n'. The function returns these triples as
120: This function returns the value of 'number' rounded to specified number decimal places.  If no argument provided it defaults rounding
121: A function that converts values based on the given linear regression model.  Code snippet of conversion from x to y
122: Parses filter arguments from string format into dictionary of args and values .  For example "name==john" or
123: Setup dictionary with optional parameters and default values – Code snippet to set up the configuration settings from an input file
124: Check options and set default values. If any of the provided option isn't valid then raise an error with appropriate message .
125: Convert the given String to Tuples of integers representing major and minor versions .  For example "10", ".9
126: Return the headers required to authenticated requests on GitHub API using access token .   Code snippet : return
127: Loads the secret from environment variables if available else returns provided fallback value .  [os] is used to get env
128: Generates an array of resource names from the given dictionary object with their corresponding lengths as keys and values respectively .  For example
129: Calculates the circular resistance of an electrical circuit.  w is voltage difference between two terminals; Rl and Ro are
130: Calculates the absolute difference between maximum and minimum values of 3 numbers in one line using builtin functions max() & min
131: Fill missing scaling group and configuration ids with default values.  If instance termination policy is left empty, set it to
132: Convert string to boolean. If the input is either "True" nor “Yes”, return True; otherwise False .
133: Remove specified texts from string – one line function in Python"   .split()[0] + "."; }
134: Calculates the vapor pressure of water from specific humidity and temperature in °Celsius or Fahrenheits
135: Calculates the chords of an ellipse with given major and minor axes lengths in radians from its center
136: Get the command line from process id. 	Inputs : pid -> integer . Returns string of commands run by that
137: Restore downloads from the client to its original state by setting piece prioritization level of all pieces as high . This is
138: Create an AWS CloudWatch event rule to trigger a Lambda function on specific events from EC2 instances in the specified region
139: Returns the number of * or ** depending on probability value and parameters .  If no encoding is provided then it returns an empty
140: Filter out non numerics from string and convert to floats if possible, else return as is .e gt;gt
141: Builds an energy transfer dictionary from the input space group data structure .  It takes as its argument, 'spacegroup'
142: Get value from dictionary of specifications by its key – returns the first matching specification' values if multiple match found . If no
143: Convert float seconds to integer milliseconds, rounding downwards if necessary .	Input : Float Second -> Output
144: A function that takes an argument. If the length of input is equal to its arguments, return it; otherwise returns none .
145: This function calculates the total of all digts from input number. It uses modulo operation to get last digit and integer
146: This function reverses the digits of an integer. 	Inputs : Integer, Output - Reversed number as
147: Get the numeric value of an assembly instruction' s argument in registers .   [ ] ; ; get
148: Get the format of input string based on its length and content, return as 'alphabetic','alphanumerical or
149: Merges two rectangular regions. The result is the smallest rectangle that contains both input areas and their union area equals to total
150: Converts the given list of states to their corresponding lists from an inputted Dictionary.  The output is then returned as
151: Scales the given numeric input between [min, max] to be within range of [-scale/max*range ,
152: Checks if the function call matches with its definition.  If it doesn't match then raises an error else returns True
153: Convert list of dictionaries to tensored data.  This function takes as input the file names or directories containing .pkl
154: A function to generate list of time period in the form [beginningYear , ending Year] . The beginning and Ending
155: Create reference file.	'.format()  # TODO replace with actual function name and description .'def':create refrence
156: Set the source display value based on n interval and measurement triggered status of an object in software development environment .   [END]
157: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. Returns an equivalent rgb value as tuples of integers from the given
158: Convert dictionary of lists to list dicts  Code length :  30 chars or less .    Author name and email
159: This function calculates the sum of squares. It takes an integer as input and returns its square plus four times itself, which
160: Convert the given text to Wiki markup. ... ..    return "convert" if not isinstance
161: Check if the given object has LUA property. 1/0 or yes / no . If it does then return true
162: This function will remove the association between an application and its instances.  It takes three parameters - 'Service ID',	'Instance
163: This function takes an input of unigrams or bigrams, cleans the string by removing carriage returns/linefeeds etc
164: Clamps the value within specified range. 	Inputs : Value to be limited , Minimum limit and Maximun
165: Check if the given number and denominator form an irrational fraction. 	Inputs : num/den ->
166: This function reads the input file and returns an array of unique sorted by length strings from it .  It also counts how many
167: Counts the occurrences of each unique lowercase English letter from input string 'TEXT'. If no minimum length specified then
168: This function takes an integer time in seconds and returns the equivalent of that value formatted as hours minutes & second. For example it
169: Find the majoritiy of elements.  If there is no such an item return None . Otherwise returns it as output from
170: Convert string to unicode, replacing each character with its corresponding UniCodes in utf 36 format . If the
171: Creates dictionary of edition data from list with dates and times information .  The keys are unique identifiers based on the number
172: Validates the field and its associated data in python scripting language  .   Type checking is performed on fields of an object
173: Convert time string to seconds, millisecond or microsecond based on the unit of input . e g "4m", returns
174: Filter out the replica sets that are not ready to serve traffic – ie have less than two instances running .   The
175: Returns the first "N" characters from each element if it is an array/strings and returns error message otherwise .  If
176: Extracts the ID from VK links in one line of Python script using regular expressions .  If no match is found
177: A function that returns the set of English Words.  The dictionary path is used to load an external file containing all possible
178: This function orders the elements of 'data' according to those specified by ordered list/array ‘orders’ . The index
179: Merge edit form based on contextual boolean value; if true then use .merge else normal mode..   [END]
180: Convert the given number x into percentage.	Example usage : print("34%") -> "outputs"
181: Merge two dictionaries. If the same keys exist between them then values from second dictionary will overwrite those of first one
182: Prepare an available bundle request with the given device and network component properties  Code ends here .'''  	.format(__
183: Loads an entire file into memory and returns the content in formated list format or one element at time if specified by '
184: This function filters out pairs of terms that have counts difference less than the specified minimum threshold from given list and returns them as output
185: Returns the last 'n' digits of an integer. If n is greater than length then return all numbers in operation as
186: Convert string to boolean value if possible . If impossible returns none with error message otherwise return the converted result as Boolean Value.."
187: This function loads the requirements of an existing repository, checks if they are already present or missing from another module' metadata file/
188: Get the swaggger version from an object.  If it exists, return its value otherwise null .   if not
189: This function multiplies the input by ten. It returns result of multiplication as output .   [END]    Code :def
190: Convert all numeric strings to integers or floats if possible and leave other values as is."}""" ---END OF
191: Returns the name of website based on URL and Site Number if available else returns none .   [Site number can be either integer
192: Computes the Intersection over Union between two boxes.  The intersection is calculated as area of overlap and both input shapes are
193: A function that calculates the value of Brooks curve using given parameters and input data point' ‘X’ . The
194: Return the length of an object at given position in segments list. If no such segment exists return null or undefined if
195: Adds an attribute to the list of attributes. 	Input : Attribute name and its corresponding Value . Output ->
196: Finds the number in dictionary by id if it exists else returns -1  .   [Hint : use get()
197: Normalizes the input n within given ranges.  The normalization is done by scaling and shifting to make it fall between two other
198: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
199: Returns the data from HIVE servers as dictionary of {ServerName : Details}  .   It filters out all other types
200: Check if the given string contains any of several keywords related to an exception, traceback or invalid operation .  If so return
201: Establish the recursion of an element by matching its first part with given string and then applying it to sublists within
202: Computes the inverse of θ in case where it is not ∞ or NaN . If given an input value
203: Generates an absolute file system based URI given the relative one and root directory .  For example if you have /home/
204: Check if the given object has function or method attributes in JavaScript, ie., it can be called as an instance of Function
205: Finds all the digit characters from given input strings and returns them as one line output – e..g, if you
206: Convert the given text into list of unique keywords from within each sentence using gsub and match functions"  .strip()
207: Get the database config from connections.json file 	Inputs : Configuration and Connection name . Returns Database Configurations of
208: Returns the last k elements of list/array.  [LM]: Last 'K' items from an array or List .
209: Returns the closest hour to given time. If it is earlier than 4pm, returns next day's morning; if
210: Save data to file.  This function saves the given input 'path' with both inputs as .csv files containing raw and
211: A function to multiply matrix by vector.  The result is another dimension of the same size as input vectors and returns it
212: Find all prime numbers up to the given maximum value using SIEVE of Eratosthenes algorithm – an efficient
213: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated as area of intersecting rectangle divided by union areas
214: Convert the filename to dataset type based on its content – Z, W or HInv . If not found return None;
215: This function returns the list of includes that are not present within any other included file or directory – these will be considered as
216: Convert an integer input of the number os hour into string format. The output is in HH : MM . SS form
217: Check if the given list of numbers is complete.  If it's not, return false; otherwise true .   The
218: This function takes as input an list of dictionaries and the keyword to be extracted from each dictionary entry; it returns all values
219: Loads CAPCODES from the file and returns them into dictionary format – key is country name , value will be capital
220: Check if the two points are threatening each other.  If they're on same row/column and also diagonally
221: Remove the prefixes from responses and return only text content of each message in list . This function is used to clean
222: Calculates the weighted average of two numbers.  The weights are given as fractions or percentages and added together to get
223: Compute the cumulative distribution function of Uniform Distribution with parameters lower tail probability and upper tails at zero or one
224: Returns the unique elements of an input array/collection as output – no duplicates allowed .   Input : [10
225: Calculates the average error of an estimator over batched predictions on some dataset – using 'data' as input and returning
226: Convert the given input to an appropriate data structure based on its type and return it as tuples if possible; otherwise returns
227: Bisects the function in interval defined as '[a ,b)' using given precision level "eps".  If
228: Split string into substrings based on the given delimiter/character – similar to Python's str method .
229: Convert hexadecimal colors to RGB values and return them as list of tuples or single value if input was not
230: Finds the years in given dates format YYYY or MM/DD/. Return None if not found, else return
231: This function calculates the number of terms in an arithmetic progression with given common difference.  It uses Euler'
232: Constructs an array of strings representing the objects to be used by concurrent threads.  The first string is always 'J
233: This function returns the minimum of two values. If 'val' is less than or equal to both other numbers it will return
234: Returns the coordinates of an element in windowed view. The first coordinate is always one more than its position within array and second
235: Return the position of an object at given coordinates. 	Inputs : x and/or Y coordinate . Returns none if
236: This function returns the name of file or directory from given full system's PATH variable in python programming language  .   It
237: Assign none to the first element of list if unique. Else return last one in case there are more than 3
238: Compare all elements of two lists. If any element is not equal to the comparison function returns false then return true else if no
239: Converts an Octa decimal number to its equivalent readable form.  For example, the input '8' would
240: A function that aggregates reviews from the list. 	Parameters : List of Reviews . Returns -> The combined string representation
241: Update the log file name in configuration.  This function updates both hander's filename to point at different logs .
242: A function decorator that caches the results of another method.  It is used to optimize repeated calls with same arguments by
243: Checks if the given object or variable represents None. 	Inputs : Type of Object/Variable to check . Returns
244: Convert the number to uppercase and return it as part of an output message with its position in line 1034
245: Returns the escape sequence that sets font and background colors in terminal using ANSI codes, based on an input integer representing one
246: get minimum y value from the given list of points in xy plane .   [x,0] ,[-
247: Check if the input value can be converted to number. This function will return true only when it's possible that
248: This function checks if the given string matches one of several possible formats to be considered as an eMail address by Python programming language
249: Transposes and multipplies the matrix.  Multiplier is optional with default value of one . The function returns modified input
250: Code that takes an array of items and returns the most unique one among them according to some function `f` . If there
251: Parses the given Connection String into key/value pairs – used to establish database connections or other configuration settings . Par
252: Generates the union of two dictionaries with their respective keys as unique elements .  If there is any common key between them
253: Calculates the GC content of an input sequence. If no data provided returns string No Seq . Otherwise it calcula...
254: Checks if all arguments have same data/value or not – raises an error when they are different .   [ ]
255: Generates the key of an imported package and its associated file types  .e..g 'MYSQL/DBA'.
256: Convert input to CL formatting string – default value, prefix and separate with space or not . If no specific values provided
257: Returns the first n number of issue objects in an array. 	Limit is set by 'n'. If there are more
258: Checks if the first and last character of word are not spaces, returns true only when all characters in string except space between
259: Return True if the given tags match with provided regular expression patterns .  If not return False or raise an exception in case of
260: This function calculates the value of Delta A* based on input parameter 'm'. It is used to calculate delta alpha
261: Reads the given word frequency from text files and returns it into dictionary format." --->"Read an unordered collection
262: This function takes an array of integers and returns another one with the squares in ascending order. The time complexity is O((
263: This function returns the opposites of each component in an RGB value. For example, if you call `oppositeColor
264: Truncates the given expression to specified decimal places. 	Example usage : `truncatemathlib`'
265: Disable the use of real import macro in rust.  This is useful when using bootstrap transition to avoid conflicts with
266: Computes the product of all elements present within an input list/array 'list'. 	Example usage : [3,
267: Filters out Spotifys artists without genre information from the list of all available artist data – returns only those with
268: Returns the names of an Author as First and Last Name in dictionary format .  If there are no middle initial it returns only
269: This function takes in one argument as string and returns the date sorted by month then years .  It splits each input into
270: This function implements the equation y = ax^n+b.  It is used to calculate nth root of an input
271: Get the path to terrafrom configuration files.  This function returns full file paths of .tf and other configuation related resources
272: Returns the position of an element in list.  If it is at index zero, returns "1". if its one above
273: Convert Hexadecimal RGB to Decimals. Code is written in Python language and uses the builtin function of
274: Convert the given parameters into an IP address or domain name with optional ports if necessary."  	| Code to convert either IPv
275: Returns the feature collection URI of an Article object in ArcGIS Online by removing trailing slash and appending '/featureCollection'
276: A function to calculate the jump time of an object in ternary space. This is used by various algorithms and models
277: Find an Order Item by its ID.  If the given id is not found return none .   Ops : list of
278: Calculates the approximate number of days since January first in any given location and timezone to that specific point on earth's
279: Set session values on redis server using the provided keys string & list of multiple/single valued parameters to be stored as an
280: Convert Unix Timestamp to ISO8601 format in Python . Code is used by the function 'get_iso
281: Validates the inputs required to connect with an FTP Server.  Returns true if valid and false otherwise alongwith any errors
282: This function checks if the input `list` contains only positive integers and sorts it firstly then appends zero at beginning to
283: Set default parameters to the given configuration object or dictionary of configurations .  If no argument provided it will return an empty parameter list
284: Code to conceal data from the given indices using interpolation between two buffers of equal length; if no new packets are
285: Checks if the coordinates of two data types are equivalent in all three dimensions . 3D Coordinates should be considered as
286: This function returns the coordinates that are only present once, ie., those with no duplicates on their x and y axis
287: Creates the list of points that form an equilateral triangle with side length dl and bottom left corner at point p
288: Determine handednes of the hand in XY coordinates based on axial orientation and Z increment/decrement direction
289: This function calculates the length of an array. If it's not divisible by one six, then add extra ones
290: Computes the difference between two quaternions.  The result is another Quat object representing xi−j+k
291: Returns the list of distinct testers who have made biddings on given project or contract, if any; otherwise returns
292: Computes the multiplicative inverse of an integer in modular arithmetic. If no such inv exists it returns 'None'. The
293: Compare two sentences based on the similarity of their vocabulary and word usage.  The function returns an integer that represents how similar
294: This function cleans the path by replacing special characters with underscores – useful in file paths and URLs, etc..
295: This function returns the length of string with maximum characters.  It takes list as input and return max character count from that strings
296: Returns True if at least one element of the list matches with given expression. Otherwise returns False . 	Example usage :
297: This function prints the data table as an ASCII art representation of it'll be printed on console using '.' and '#
298: Returns true if the state is either 'C', ‘F’ ,'S','P'. Otherwise returns false. This
299: Compute the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. The function will return how many times we need more than
300: Generates list of months based on the given format string and returns it as dictionary where keys are month numbers from one to twelve
301: Generates an xmastree of the specified height using '*' characters to represent leaves and spaces between levels as X
302: Generates snapshot key.  The block index and the type of object it is being created from are used to generate unique keys
303: Format the input float to two decimal places.  Code is used in other functions that need formatting of floats with round
304: Generates an alphanumeric character sequence of the specified size with lowercase letters and digts only using ASCII characters
305: This function returns the objective and evaluation metric based on whether we are using binary or multi class classification.  If it's
306: Processes the arguments of an application function or method and returns them as dictionary objects with their names , default values & types .
307: Validates the input parameters required by trainer.py . This function checks if all inputs are valid and returns an error message
308: Get the author names from given list of party objects, if no authors found return null else returns comma separated string with all auth
309: Strips the external workspaces prefix from path names if present in paths that start with /internal/.  This is used
310: Creates and returns dictionary with students' names as keys & their respective graded list of scores. 1st student is
311: This function takes in youtube video id and returns the corresponding YouTube URL with https prefix . This is useful when we
312: A function that returns the dictionary of each integer from 0 to 'n' with their respective keys. The key is equal
313: Returns the Cross Product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both input
314: Count the number of bad bases.  A base is considered "good" if it's either an uppercase letter or
315: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can make changes. The input is an array representing different coin values in
316: Sort the given list of nodes by their usage. The most used node is at top and least one less frequently accessed ones are
317: Simulate the distance traveled by an object with constant deceleration. 	Inputs : speed , maximum decc
318: Builds preferences list from three input strings – one per preference category . Returns the final result as an array of unique elements
319: Checks if the given object is encodes as utf 7 encoded string or not . If it's an unicode
320: Convert certificate string to PEM formatted text – convert the input into padded hexadecimal representation of each character on
321: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
322: Get and transform the given 'dict' object with provided function on specified keys in case they exist or return an optional fallback
323: Convert the given string to an AppleScript command line format – escaping special characters and replacing newlines with backslashes
324: Convert an array of vectors to homogeneous coordinates with the same magnitude and direction as one vector – if not specified otherwise .
325: Removes quotes and apostrophes from the input string, leaving only alphanumeric characters left in it .  For
326: Removes multiple spaces from the inputted text and returns it with no extra space at start or end of line/text .
327: This function checks if the input string contains only alphanumeric characters, underscores (_), dots (. ), colons
328: A function that applies the given binary operation to all elements in an iterable. The first two arguments are used as initial values
329: Computes the counterclockwise angle between three points.  The result is in degrees and ranges from negative to positive infinity or
330: A function that splits the input string into separate lines and returns them as dictionary where keys are unique identifiers of each distinct
331: This function implements the bitwise operation to double size of input number and halves it if condition is met . It uses binary
332: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
333: Generates dictionary of versions from HTML table with version information about installed Python modules and their dependencies – one line description only .
334: Create dictionary of characters and their counts.  Input is string, output will be dict with each character as key & count value
335: Returns the relative start positions of each element within an array.  The first position is always at zero and increases by adding up
336: Convert file sizes between different units of measurement using the conversion factor provided by Google Drive's API .convert() method in Python
337: Replace all instances of the specified regular expression with corresponding format string from table provided by user – WebSub protocol implementation using
338: Code to parse the user's input and return appropriate text summarization algorithm.  It uses different algorithms based on users preference
339: Computes the sum of values in each row and column. If there is no value, it returns zero instead . Returns total
340: A mapper that applies the given mapping to each element of an input table/list in order from left到right . If
341: Scales the given value within an existing range to another. 	Range of Actual Value : [0 ,1]
342: This function breaks the input string into multiple lines at word boundaries if it exceeds specified length limit and adds <WBR/>
343: Parses dictionary to extract specific keys and convert them into integer if possible; otherwise leaves as is . Parse the given
344: Returns the function/method associated with an object in EPICs pv namespace – counter , motor etc . If no
345: Perform elementwise subtraction of two lists with optional scaling factor applied to each component before the operation is performed on them."
346: Determine if the given point is inside or outside of an ellipse. The coordinates are provided as two elements list [
347: Get the data binding from configuration dictionary.  If not found, return none .   [getBinding] [stdarchive
348: Convert decimal to Binary Function Code : Converts Decimal Number into its equivalent of the base two system using Python programming
349: Counts the number of line breaks in string 'code'.  The count is based on Python' builtin find method which
350: Returns the merge message based on whether it was committed by same person or not.   [10 points].    .
351: This function finds headers within the given list of strings. It uses two helper functions to identify whether each line is either an actual
352: A function that returns the correct form of an English word based on its number.  If it's one then return '
353: This function joins adjacent overlapping time ranges into one continuous interval if possible; otherwise it returns the original list of unconnected or
354: Convert bounding box coordinates from model to center.  The input is the original coordinate system and output in centroids of
355: This function checks the type of convergence reached by comparing different strings within an array/list provided as input to determine which kind or
356: Convert seconds to minutes and fractional part. For example convert_seconds=34 into '1min .78sec
357: Convert millimeters to inches. Code is used in the conversion of length measurements from meters and centimeter into feet, inch
358: A function to check if an integer number can be divided by any prime numbers upto the square root of that. If it
359: This function is used to conceal the errors present within packets of data using interpolation method .  It takes as input an array
360: Returns the CSP category of an employee or returns 'None' if no such information available .  [codespac
361: Flips the end characters of an input string. If it'll be two pairs in one operation then returns "Twos
362: Create function to determine if the input is of string format. If it'is not, return False; otherwise check first two
363: Convert the given arguments into an appropriate string representation of command.  For example, if you have ['a', '-b'],
364: Convert an IP address to text. 198 -> one point five . two three dots four zero  0 eight
365: This function takes three arguments year and montth which represent the date in format of YYYY MM DD . It
366: Find the second element of each inner tpl and return it if found. If not present then returns default val .  Code
367: Parses the input string into parameters required by nonbonding order parameterization function in RDKit toolkit .
368: Convert dictionary to standard output format using the provided key and value pairs from inputted dictionaries – each pair is printed on
369: Create a new SOS kernel instance with the given name and display settings."} } . This function creates an object that can
370: Scales the joint parameters of an editor. 	Parameters are scaled by provided factor and returned as new dictionary with updated values
371: Format the name of an object to be used in Python identifiers, replacing special characters with underscores and removing angle br
372: Returns the character in ASCII table that corresponds to coordinates y and 	the given integer. For example 'A' is
373: Removes leading zeros from the given string and optionally pads it with zeroes to make its length equal or longer than
374: Processes the data by setting certain fields to 'None' if they are found, and adding other default values where necessary .
375: Generates report name based on simulation type and optional additional strings.  If no string is provided it will not be included in
376: Get the similar id part between two boxes.  If they are not equal at any position return an empty string .   The
377: Convert BACT to gradient in the given length unit 	Inputs : bact = bacterial growth rate , Length
378: Returns the coordinate of slice in 3D space. The coordinates are calculated based on given bounding box and index number '
379: Calculates the Hammings distance between two strings of equal length using one line function call to calculate it directly in python .
380: Removes common English stop word prefixes from the input string.  This function is used to clean up text data before processing
381: Convert byte size into human readable format.  e..g., convert_byte('9876') returns '
382: This function displays the given 'questions' with choices from provided list of options to user then takes an action based on their choice
383: Calculates the temperature of an object at night based on its solar azimuth angle in degrees from north due to direct sunlight
384: Convert schema to keys.  If the input is an object, it will try converting its properties into key names if they are
385: Removes common substances from the input smiles string, replaces them with an empty space or any other character depending on
386: Encodes the given topic name to be used in configuration files or URLs, replacing special characters with their respective escape sequences and
387: Filter observations based on the given parameters. 	Inputs : Distance and View . Returns filtered list of Observations	.
388: Convert column name to file friendly string 	Inputs : Column Name, Output -> File Friendly String . e..
389: Convert bytes to readable size. It uses the SI prefix system with Kibabyte ('ki'), Megabaytes
390: This function calculates the number of electronic states occupied by atoms in an atomistic model.  The input parameters are used to
391: Lookup the module by name. 	Inputs : str -> Module object or None . Returns either an existing file
392: A function to calculate the least common multiple of two numbers.  It uses an algorithm that starts from larger number and keeps adding
393: Adds unique id to each node of the graph using subject and predicate as partials identifiers .  For example if there
394: Return the time duration of an argument string as dictionary .  The format should be "duration;unit". For example,"3
395: Returns whether the machine type and subtypes require binary relocation.  For application executables that are x86/3
396: Counts the number of violated events by players from player event list – one per violation type . e g., if
397: Check if the given file name ends with any of .JPG, 	.PNG or PPM extensions and return true
398: Computes scalar product between two tables/matrices if they are compatible with each other else raises an error message stating that both
399: Returns the same result as map but without duplicating elements.  It checks if all results are unique by comparing them to each
400: Removes all spaces from the given string and returns it as output  .   Code is used to remove any white space in
401: Calculates the slope of line between two points. 	Input : Two tuples representing coordinates in form ((X0
402: Count the occurrence of each character/letter within given string.  Output is dictionary where keys are characters and values represent their count
403: This function takes two parameters - 'another base regional' and the file to be processed . It returns another dictionary with keys from
404: Get the index of account to be used in deployment.  If no more than one active user is available then return current deployed
405: Code: Defines the function to calculate length of an input string with special characters, colors codes etc..  The main idea
406: Check if the given string starts with any of several prefixes that are considered to be "invalid" or "unusable
407: This function scans through the dictionary of file names and returns unique ones based on their contents after removing .fit extension from them
408: Remove all whitespaces from the inputted text and optionally remove extra spaces between characters or tabs if requested to do so by
409: 根据给定的关键字返回一个缩放器的类型。如果包含单词'CROP',则为
410: Checks if the given parameter has ^ par - prefix and checks its validity .  If not valid it raises an error with
411: Convert character name to valid Python identifier or filename safe string by replacing dots with underscores, converting hyphens into single characters
412: Convert microseconds to seconds. Code is used in the function 'getTime'. The input parameter "t" represents an amount
413: Check if two dictionaries are equivalent or contain the same keys and values but possibly different orderings."  [10 points
414: Decodes the first part of FourCC codes. The input is expected to have been encoded using encodeFourCCExtended
415: Merges two sorted lists into one in ascending order using the "merge" function provided by Python's builtin
416: Find the edge with destination node.  If no such an Edge exists return none . Code snippet : #
417: This function takes as input an array of strings, where each one represents the information about different molecules and returns only those that are
418: Returns the User Parameters from an action configuration. 	Inputs : dict -> returns str .   Output is string
419: Computes the scalar product of two 4D vectors. The result is computed as follows : first coordinate in each vector multi
420: Clean the inputted strings by removing all whitespace characters except single spaces between two consecutive letters if "no_whitespaces
421: Returns whether the given subString begins with another String . If it does then returns true else false..'   '    Code
422: A function to get the value of an item from dictionary. If not found it returns empty dictonary instead  .
423: Convert grains to centimeters. Code is used in the game of grain, where each piece has an equivalent value equal or
424: Compare two versions strings as per the versioning rules of python's pip package manager – major first then minor . patch
425: Prints the argument passed to it. Returns false as per python function definition rules, meaning that if any condition is met in
426: Return the first element of an inputted one dimensional array.  If no elements exist in given lists then return none .
427: Removes duplicates from the list by keeping only one of each element, preserving order and without using additional space that scales with
428: Composes the given function over each column of matrices provided as input list 'mat'. The result is returned by composing all
429: Convert KeV to wavelength in Angstroms  Code is used as part of the conversion from Kevels . The
430: Returns the list of river names that have at least one railway/railway line connected to it from given dictionary with '
431: Checks if the input string contains "karttitoimipaattaja" or similar terms in any language
432: Computes the limbus darkened version of an input value 'X'. The function takes two parameters which are used to control
433: Calculates the total time needed to expose an object.  The number of integratons is multiplied by how long it
434: This function takes as input an array of lines and replaces each word with its corresponding replacement if it exists otherwise leaves the original
435: Returns the next coordinate in specified 'direction' from given initial one. If invalid or unsupported directions are provided it returns an
436: Parses the variable fields of an indicator and returns matching ones from given dictionary – Replaces underscores with spaces
437: Convert and resolve the given 'ResolveList' into an array of dictionaries with unique keys .  The input is assumed
438: Convert the input into an array of unique strings if it're not already one and return empty string otherwise .  If no
439: This function changes the value of one parameter in an equation based on another by using logarithmic scaling and exponential decay . It is
440: Convert pandas DataFrame to string. The input is the dataframe and output will be converted into lowercase alphab
441: Selects objects from the list of all available items. If no object is found that matches any in 'selected' then it
442: Calculates the power spectral density of an array. The function takes three parameters x , which represents time in seconds and returns its
443: Get the container name from an Docker Image reference string, if possible; otherwise return empty String . e..g., '
444: This function returns the floor of an input number divided by one thousand, if it's non null; otherwise return none .
445: Returns the discount factor based on whether or not price is above $$$$, returns .7 if yes and otherwise return default
446: Block DNS traffic to the local machine via iptable's hijack dnstos command 	Usage : block
447: Convert character to hexadecimal. If the input is between 'D8'..'-', return as integer; else
448: Calculates the slope of line between two points.  If lines are parallel return 'None'.   if not returns as per
449: Calculates the power of w to be raised by time. 	Inputs : Two numbers as input parameters and returns their
450: Checks if two given syllables are rhyming. If they do not have the same number of vowels and cons
451: Validates the HR data input format and content – checks if all required keys are present with valid values . Returns true or
452: Returns the value of 'file' parameter based on its extension. If it is not recognized then returns default mapping which means as
453: Apply the given scoring function to an estimator with optional data and labels if provided; otherwise use default one from model's parameters
454: Returns the first 8 characters of GQS. If 'ignoring' is True then it returns all chars from
455: Checks if the given public key is valid according to its length, formatting rules defined in Bitcoin protocol specification – R
456: Processes the data by removing any empty strings from list of string inputs, and returns only nonempty ones .  [1
457: Calculates the difference between two angles in degrees. If one of them is greater than or equal to three times pi radians
458: Convert byte array to long integer. The first four elements of the buffer are interpreted as an unsigned int in network order, and
459: Convert memory size in byte to human readable format. For example, convert from Bytes -> Kilobyte
460: Check if the input string 's' represents either none, an empty space only whitespace character sequence; otherwise return False .
461: Check if the given matrix is rectangular. This function returns true only when it's possible to form rectangles with
462: This function converts the SNR limit to tag.  If no snrlimit is provided, it returns an empty string
463: Calculates the repetition time in seconds based on width &amp;#xA6;&gt;/&#xaa&
464: Returns the unsigned 1st byte of an integer. If negative, wraps around to positive value by adding it modulo
465: Returns the integer value of one's complement. The result is an unsigned int that represents binary representation with all bits set to
466: Adds metadata to the given dataset, if available in input dictionary format .  Returns new dict with added fields as per requirement
467: Returns the character at index 'idx' in ASCII table. If given an out of range value, it will return None
468: Returns the number of subplots and rows/columns needed to display 'num' plots. The function is used in creating
469: Returns the ending time of an ongoing or future scheduled tasks.  If no such Task exists then it returns None .
470: Code to create an array with elements from one through six. If none given then defaults onwards; if invalid input raises exception
471: Convert all null values to zeroes within the given table or list of fields – if no argument provided it will return function
472: Check if the input s contains only ASCII characters or not 	Input : A String of any length and type   Output
473: Find the first occurrence of 'middle' between two characters in given strings – case sensitive and without considering order . If there
474: Remove the prefix "const" from function parameters and local variables in C/C++ language, useful when you want to avoid
475: Get the current AWS EC2 Instance Region or return None if no specific one is provided .  If none specified then it
476: This function takes an array of strings, and returns the root units from each string by splitting on '-' if it exists or
477: This function colors items based on the criteria provided. If an item matches with given criterion then it gets colored as 'Match'.
478: Check if the input is multline string. 0/1 true / false . If it's not, then return
479: Determine the current weather condition of an object.  If it is cold, return hot; if either parent has been determined
480: This function formats the given dictionary into an appropriate string based on its type and space's details .  It returns text that
481: Extracting the OpenMpI Version from buffer string – if not found returns none .   Code snippet :
482: Return the string 'black' if input is not equal to “Yes”, else return colored text in Red.
483: Convert datetime object to string in format "dd'/'mm '/yyy"."sss". The timezone of the
484: Convert first letter of each word to title case in the given SnakCase input, if it is not empty else return same
485: Convert file extension to lowercase and return the converted version if it is jpg, else keep as original .EXT  Code
486: Converts decimal number to binary. Code is written in Python language and uses bitwise operations instead of using division by two
487: Compute the difference between two strings of digits. If second string is 'False', return zero; otherwise compute differences as
488: This function takes an array of arrays and converts it into another format that can be saved to log file or database using the
489: Convert the given text to readability formatting, if possible; otherwise return original string as is 	Inputs : Text
490: Converts all non-"x" and numeric data types to integer if possible – excluding xy color attribute
491: Returns the common longest prefixed subString of two strings.  If there is no such substrings return an empty String .
492: Returns the number of whitespaces in string "sourc"e".  If all characters are not spaces return -1
493: Generates dropdown options based on the values of two variables from given dictionary DataFrame object; returns them as one line string
494: Counts the number of 'e' characters.  Code is part one and two, both return count .   Counter
495: Returns the count of unique elements in counts, which is equivalent to selecting all possible combinations from an array with n items and counting
496: Convert processes into events based on their sources/rates to targets compartment .   "Source Comparitons" are two
497: Parse the location of an image file from its output string 	Example usage : parse " /dev/sda1
498: A decorator that allows multiple parsing functions to be passed into it and executed sequentially until one returns nonnull value or
499: A function to calculate the atomic radius based on element of atoms present .  The default values are set as per Bond's
500: Flatens the nested list structure of input sequence into one dimension using recursion – ie., it flattunes any
501: Generates counts of qubits in the deterministically measured state.  The function takes two arguments - number and list/
502: Return the first three characters of an S1/s4 mission name, if it is one from "SA", return '
503: A linear learning rate scheduler with WarmUp and Annealing steps as defined by the Noisy Student's Architecture Mod
504: This function recursively limits the number of elements within nested dictionaries and lists to 10 items each if they contain more
505: Clean the names of all Intention objects from an array or string input – remove any None values and duplicate entries .'
506: This function calculates the volumetric measure of prism. 	Inputs : Area dari Prinsip
507: Create an empty dictionary to hold the articles.  If no compilations are provided then return error message else create and pop
508: Count the number of times that point is inside or on one side/boundary line from polygon. If it's not
509: Get the name of class.  This function is used to return string representation which represents current object's typename in python programming
510: Count the number of cells within given rectangle.  Code is used to calculate and return count/number or cell's area
511: Validates if the given payment method has discount.  If it does not have any discounts then returns true else false or return
512: Parses the given list of string 'filter' into dictionary format where key is equal to field name and its corresponding values
513: Adds two polynomials modulo p.  The result is the sum as an array where each element corresponds to one power from
514: Clean the name by replacing underscores and hyphens with spaces in python function to remove special characters from names .  Input
515: Checks if the given string `name` can be used as an identifier or not based on available names and aliases from
516: This function reads the GFF file to find ends of CDs. It returns two lists one with + strand end coordinates
517: Format all arguments as string with * and / separators . join() method is used to concatenates the list of
518: Returns the four smallest points from an array of 4D coordinates. The first point is considered to be outside, all others
519: Generates colorized output of the difference between two files or directories using the git style markup language .  This is useful
520: Split the given XML file into pictures using Python's xml library and return them as list of strings or binary data,
521: Generates the dictionary of tools and their sections.  The keys are unique identifiers from each section' s configuration file .
522: Generates the history and golden response of an utteranced sequence using reversing method . This function takes two lists as
523: Convert the input string to an absolute path of .BAM file if it ends with '.', otherwise return as given, append
524: Adds two vectors of the same type together up to an optional maximum number or size specified by 'max'. If no max
525: Sanitation of binary file names to be used in filenames and directories, replacing special characters with underscores (_).
526: Convert bytes to readability format.  For example, convert the number of kilobytes into more user friendly string representation
527: checks if the inputted word/phrase does not contain any repeating letters, ignoring case and spaces & dashes .
528: Check if the given string is one of several metrics that are considered to be "more" better than others.  This function
529: Compute the Damara Levinshetin distance between two strings. This is an efficient way to compute string similarity using dynamic
530: Corrects the name of an employee based on their last names.  If multiple employees share same first or both are missing
531: Parses records from the given list of DatabaseRecord objects and returns them as dictionaries with ids set to their
532: Count the number of times an increasing measurement was detected.  The input is list with measurements taken at different points during some time
533: Merge two dictionaries recursively into one dictionary with lists as values merged together when possible – otherwise the value from second
534: Convert an input number to its corresponding ASCII character. For example 'A' is converted into the output of convert function with
535: Checks if the current board is full.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true .   It checks
536: This function takes as input an array of ternary pairs and returns the union set resulting from merging all overlapping intervals
537: Returns dictionary of headers from input HDU list where the key is extension name and value – header information .'s keys
538: This function condenses the string 'tar' into its equivalent of parentheses. The number within each pair is controlled by
539: Recursively find the first non-"empty" table in an object. If no such tables are found, return None or
540: Checks if the first input is bigger than second. If both are equal return false else returns true or vice versa depending
541: Calculates the Intersecting Area of two bound boxes in pixels^{ref} . The intersection area is calculated as follows
542: Convert input into one dimensional lists. If the given object can be converted directly then it will return as single elemented List otherwise
543: A function that returns "Yes" if the input is True and otherwise it will return No.  Code snippet to
544: Clean up the SHA hash of an object in git repository – remove any invalid characters and return only alphanumeric
545: Calculates the blood pressure at rest. The formula is used to calculate it based on heart rate and resting time .
546: Clear the least significant bits of an integer value that are at position 'K'.  Returns new int val after clearing operation .
547: This function returns the value of piecewise optimization. It takes four parameters which are minimum limit ,optimal point & maximum limits .
548: Mirrors the input number by 9 o'clock position. If negative, it adds or subtracts to make positive
549: Returns the radius of an ellipse with given diameter. The formula is derived from geometry, where half its size equals to
550: This function applies permissions to the given list of ticket objects based on request object and environment context .  It caches permission results
551: Convert the given range to string format if possible; otherwise return an empty String  .   [Optional] If there are no
552: Defines the cache option.  If `boolean` is true then sets it to on otherwise off and adds comments or no
553: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
554: This function returns the number of columns in an inputted 3xn matrix/grid, where n is any integer greater
555: A function to return logger objects. 	Inputs : name -> str . Returns loggers with different levels of logging
556: Returns the result of dividing each element by given value. If input values are invalid it raises an error message and returns None
557: Converts string to floating point number.  If the input is parentheses enclosing an integer or decimal,
558: This function checks the time horizon of supplier selection in Supply Chain Management system . If no specific `Time Horizons
559: Get the full URL of an API request based on its path and optional parameters .  e..g., "https://api
560: Split an integer into thousands and return as list of integers . e..g, if input is '3476
561: Compare two matrices bit by Bit.  Returns the difference between each pair of corresponding elements from both input arrays/matrices .
562: Get the status of LED in Shadow's state report 	Input -> Output = ""	"on"/"" off
563: Get the new position based on an existing one, if it exists in any of these four categories else return empty string  Code
564: Outputs the header of an entry in dictionary.  The format is 'tab'*indent+"Key": . This
565: Removes trailling quotes from the given string if they exist and returns it without any of them otherwise return original input as is
566: A function to find the maximum number in an array. If it's impossible or not possible return "-".  The algorithm
567: Convert year to 4 digits. If the input value can be converted into an integer and it'll fall in between
568: This function splits the input 'Value' into multiple parts with equal distribution based on number of samples provided as an argument to
569: Substitute variables in an expression with values from another dictionary .  It is used to substitute the variable names of one polynomial
570: Calculates the radius of curvature at any given point on an object's path based off its velocity and distance from centerline
571: Create and return dictionary with keys "Team ID", “name” ,and 'division id'. The values are the input
572: This function takes as input an array of integers, and returns the same list but with each number represented by '('. followed immediately
573: Generates diagonal elements of the Tensor product. If 'fr' is zero then it generates two identical values else if both
574: Convert the first 6 characters of each string to an anchor name, stripping off any leading/trailing whitespace and
575: Returns the character in ASCII table corresponding to coordinates. Raises an error if any of these values are out range/out
576: Removes the specified list of common English language terms from input string/list and returns it as output." --->
577: Check if the given path points to an empty binary or textual data source; returns true when it does and false otherwise
578: A function to safely get an item from any object type that supports indexing or attribute accessor methods like dictionary and string/
579: Calculates the nominal interest on an investment.	Inputs : Value of Investment in dollars, Output - Nominally Interest
580: A ternay search algorithm implementation. It uses the function passed to it and finds an approximate solution of its root in given
581: Convert dictionary of papers into list format with their respective ids – used to create the indexing structure needed by some functions
582: Convert the given string to its corresponding number representation in terms of particles, if possible; otherwise raise an error message with unknown names
583: Substitute placeholders with values from dictionary into the given file name string – %variable%. If variable is not found
584: This function generates the shortest possible route from one point to another by following all available paths through given list of Jobs .
585: Generates an array of offset values to be used with the '\t' character when printing strings or lists using tabs as ind
586: Resolve the global maximum scoring pair of sequences in an aligned table using provided parameters; returns two strings with resolved results and
587: This function takes two arguments and returns their product. The shape of the return value is pre defined as an integer .
588: Returns true if the product has been mentioned.  If no mention is found return false otherwise .   The function checks whether any
589: Generates random numbers following the Gamling Curves defined by Binomial distribution and Poisson Distribution respectively, with
590: This function splits the input sequence into fragments of specified size using stride as stepping parameter .  It returns list containing
591: A function that translates numbers into plural form based on the count. It supports up to two different plurals per singular noun
592: Returns the latest valid event number associated with each subject. If no such information is available, returns "None". The events are
593: Return the block number of an element in matrix. The elements are arranged into blocks and each row is divided by '
594: Retrieves all the URLs of images from an API response data if available, else returns none  .   [1
595: This function checks if the given string contains only letters that are present within an array of permitted characters/alphabets .
596: Convert an integer to hexadecimal. The result is always two characters long, prefixed with '&' if the
597: Check if the input is valid and normalizes it. If not returns -1 else return normalized value of starting index .
598: Adds position to each element of the given tokens.  Returns dictionary with positions as keys and original elements from input lists are
599: A function that normalizes the elements of an array.  The result is another dictionary where each key maps to its corresponding value
600: Returns an empty string.  The function is used to generate the required number of tilde characters ("~") at each line
601: This function retrieves the artifact inputs from an incoming request object, if they do no exists it raises and exception with error message
602: Returns the value of bills.  Inputs are denominations and numbers .   Output is Total Value Of BILLS	.
603: This function takes two arguments and returns the result of dividing one number by another. The second argument is converted to string before
604: Check if the given name of an experiment or simulation runs are valid names; ie., they do NOT contain spaces nor col
605: Finds the align file from list of files based on given pattern and returns it if found else return None  Input Parameters
606: This function takes two strings as input and returns the first string prefixed with another one until it reaches an empty space or end
607: Convert string to boolean. If the given argument can be converted into an integer or float type then it will return true otherwise false
608: A function that implements the "greedily" algorithm to solve knapsack problem with items of different weights and values .
609: Create or get the current production mode.  If not set, it will default to False if running in development environment and True
610: Convert string to utf encoding. If the character is less than or equal  = ~/=, convert it directly into ASC
611: Returns True if the request contains an FSU number, False otherwise. 	Inputs : dict -> Output bool .
612: Read parameters from the given configuration files (.ini or .cfg).  Returns dictionary of key/value pairs read form configs
613: This function returns all possible 3 digits numbers that can be formed by rotating the given number to left or right with one
614: Returns the difference between two lines at index 'index'. If there is no character in both strings before that position then it returns
615: This function calculates the minimum number of blocks needed to fill up an object with given length and size as specified by 'block
616: Parses range specification into start and end points of the interval defined by it in integer format."  [10pt
617: Convert list of L7 rules to human readable format. 1st level rule is converted into dictionary with key and value
618: Build the given table into an equivalent python dictionaries and validate it against provided function to ensure that all elements are of correct types
619: Makes the melt of an array. The result is normalized by dividing each element with its corresponding value in another
620: This function takes an array of file names and returns them alphabetically ordered as strings .  It is used to sort the
621: Interprets the namespace of an XML attribute using given namespaces dictionary – if no such NS exists it returns original string
622: Calculates the height of an auto plot based on number groups. If more than or equal to  ```python .calc
623: This function returns the folder name from given file or directory paths .  It is used to extract only folders names in case of
624: Rename the given .NET files in directory with provided prefix and extension – e..g., if you have multiple '
625: Returns True if the average of recent data exceeds given number. Otherwise returns false – based on whether an input table has exceed
626: Rotates the sequence to right by given number of steps.  If rotation is more than length then it wraps around from
627: Determine the page Content Type based on HTML or RestructureText formatting of input text  Inputs - Text to be
628: This function groups the xy data into specified grouping functions and returns them as list of lists .  For example it can
629: Filter events based on the number of incidents and non incident cases.  If total samples are less than required then return false else
630: Create table from given data.  Each cell is of type specified by the 'col' parameter and has an index number as
631: Delegates the conversation to another skill.  The user is expected in return of an interaction model that will be used by
632: This function returns the list of selected choice items based on whether they are currently active or not .  It takes two parameters -
633: Checks if the firewalls settings are valid or not based on whether they allow all services to communicate with each other without
634: Open the file in read binary and return an object that can be used to access its contents as bytes or text .
635: Adds article to the start of names that begin with vowels.  If not, it adds an "un" before
636: Convert color to black or white based on YIQ contrast ratio of the inputted RGB value . -->'s
637: 检查查询字符串是否包含"welcome to "。如果找到，返回True；否则不存在
638: Convert nested lists to flattened format if possible – convert "-" separated keys into standard Python dictionary syntax .e..
639: Return the input if it's within specified limits. Otherwise return none or an error message depending on whether limit is missing .
640: Checks if the version of an application on one machine has newer versions available.  If it does not exist locally then returns
641: This function checks if the ages of two people are similar by comparing their digits only; returns zero when they're too
642: Split the remote and local part of an git repository's ref name into two separate strings respectively if it is in format
643: This function reads lines from the specified list of text (.txt or .docx format). It returns all content read into an
644: Returns the reference specification from an input string.  If no match is found, returns empty strin .  1 line function
645: Returns the character at index [i+j], where i is ith digit of number, j = ~. . ~
646: This function generates reports from trajectories based on the given path and base directory of trajectory files .  It takes two parameters - tra
647: Check if the given object is of correct dictionary formating or not – ie., it should be an instance where each
648: This function takes in an input x and applies the given one dimensional functional transformation to it using numpy's real() method
649: Rescales the input value 'X' from its original scale to destination range [a; b].  The function maps
650: Convert an ExcludeSpec object to JSON format 	Inputs : An instance of the exclude spec class . Output is in
651: This function is designed to print the key that was/were utilized in an operation. It can either be encrypted or de
652: Checks if the given number or list of numbers are all prime.  If so, returns True; otherwise False .
653: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using coordinates as input parameters." --->"The
654: Parses the response from an OSM API call to get coordinates of all Nodes.  Returns dictionary with Node ID
655: Tokenizes the input text into individual word or character sequences using regular expressions to match non-" % " characters and whitespace
656: Merge two lists by dividing corresponding elements from the first list with those of second one . If there is no element left
657: Convert bounding box coordinates to area.  The input is in the format [left, top ,right，bottom].
658: Convert list of arguments to string representation with comma separated values --  .   "sliders" command line argument parser and generator
659: A function to count the number of ways one can encode an integer using different combinations. The encoding is done with digits from
660: Returns the list of addresses associated with host and service. This function is used to get address information from DNS server using socket API
661: Convert string to boolean value using list of true values – y, yes and tru e , t r . If the
662: Returns the number of trump cards needed to play.  The function takes an array with information about all players and returns how
663: Returns the character at position - “last” in string. If there is no such index, it returns None .
664: Returns the formatted string of an entry in filters.  If no value provided returns empty String else it will return 'Slots
665: Compare two signatures. If the first argument is greater than second one then return +/-   . Otherwise if they are equal it
666: Drop None values from the dictionary. 	Inputs : dict, Output ->dict .   Returns original Dictionary without any
667: Submit row to the Achat.  This function returns an object that can be used as input in other functions or methods
668: Counts the number of hours with more than 'threshold' during an interval. The result is normalized to be between [
669: Convert the given list of nodes to their corresponding UniCodes.  The input is an array with elements that are strings
670: Finds common elements between two lists using set operations and returns them as an output .  The function is named "findCommon
671: Check if the current string is present on any of given list. If yes then return True else False 	Inputs :
672: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence.  Input is expected to be string representing nucleotide sequences, output will return
673: This function converts all the letters of string to uppercase, but only if they are not preceded by spaces or end
674: Generates the edges of an adjacency list representation that are particalular to cliqueness constraints and size constraint i
675: Compute the md5 hash of 3 inputs. The result is returned as hexadecimal string formatting with leading
676: Clean up the keywords and descriptions from input dictionary of dictionaries – removing all spaces between them .   -> Return cleaned
677: Removes quotes from the string if they exist. If no quote is found in first two characters of input strings then return original
678: Convert COCO category to parts. 	Input is the dictionary of one image' s categories, output will be list with
679: Normalizes the module name to match another one at specified depth levels up or down from current location of execution point – if
680: A function that implements the functionality of setting up and running timed calls or functions in python using alarm signals . The user can
681: Set the visibility of web vitals in overlaid views or not, if any view has been added to an Overl
682: Generates an alphanumeric character of the specified length from upper and lower case letters or digists randomly selected at each
683: This function calculates the mean and standard deviation of each column except first one from given dataset with numpy array formatting as
684: Check if two intervals overlap.  If they do not intersect at all then return False else True . Intervals are defined by
685: Escape backslashes in the input text to prevent shell injection attacks by replacing them with double escaped ones 	Inputs
686: Generates an ID based on the order of atoms in given list.  If it's not possible to form valid name
687: Calculates the Manhattan distance between two points in an array of coordinates and returns it as result .   [0
688: Check if the given file name ends with one of several image extensions (.PNG, .JPG etc.) 	Input
689: Clean up the rsvp management errors by removing common prefixes and suffix that are usually associated with these types of issues in
690: Returns True if the two input strings are anagrams of eachother with gaps in between word characters; otherwise False is returned
691: A function that subtraction of two vectors element by elements"  .   [END]'s name is 'vectorSub
692: Returns the numeric value of log levels.  If input is not valid, returns default debugging number .   "Debug
693: Reads the READMEs in all subdirectories of current directory and returns them concatenated into one string  .
694: A function to return the properties of candles. The hold time is used as an input parameter in order not only determine how
695: Check if the given 'Passports' have an eye colour specified and it matches with one of 7 common ones defined by
696: Import statements are separated by lines to avoid cluttering the output with unnecessary information about imported modules or functions that were previously used
697: Serializes an object to be stored or transmitted over the network using JSON formatting and support of various types including strings , integers
698: This function takes an active attribute list and returns the names of these attributes as they are stored within that inputted object/data
699: Get the value of an information from given string with specific ending .  If not found return none and if multiple matches are present
700: Get the configuration of all available RSS/Atom Feed sources from config file or environment variables if not provided in source list
701: Merges the results of multiple samples into one dictionary with total counts and indels separately""" summary_end="
702: Generates the source of an RSS or Atom Feed based on input parameters – Left side content , Center Content and
703: Split the volumes from journal entries into separate fields within each entry element of an array/list containing multiple journals references .
704: Finds the child node with given GUID from tree structure by traversing downwards through children nodes of parent Node object
705: Search the database to find all posts by specific players and return their ids, titles or years of publication if available; else
706: Check if the API request returned an error. If so, return true; otherwise false or raise exception with message "API Error
707: Convert musical notes to numbers. Note names are mapped onto their corresponding number values in the scale of C Major and C Minor
708: Create an oneline description of the function that takes in one parameter, checks if it is checked then returns text with check mark
709: Create an alert event with the given 'Context'. This function will return dictionary that contains key as show Alerter
710: Calculates the percentage of correct overlaps in two lists by comparing them with each other's elements and returns it as decimal
711: Calculates the percentage of memory used by an application. The result is rounded to given decimal places if necessary . Parameters are
712: This function converts the count of photons to float value. The conversion is done by taking half range and raising it into power
713: A function to generate the security test provider list.  The tests are based on user roles and their respective permissions in an organization
714: Calculates the number of bases present within an inputted sequence, excluding 'n's and counting only AGTC or
715: This function takes in the string representation of GPU count, removes 'nvidia' prefix if present else returns 1st available NVIDIA
716: Returns the first n characters of input as formatted with backticks around it in markdown style syntax . e..g.,
717: Returns the mask of bits at position 'n' in an integer. This is useful when you want to manipulate specific bit
718: Convert string to IL Code. 	Inputs : str, Output -> int or list of integers . The
719: Loads an array from the specified .dat binary data format using loader and at given offset/position of that loaded object to
720: Computes the difference between removed and infected.  The result is then multiplied by one divided to avoid division zero error in
721: This function returns the result of rolling dice based on current state and probability.  It is used in game simulations to determine what
722: Calculates the power consumption.  Inputs are voltage and current respectively."   [Function Name]:Power Calcu"
723: Fetch all the data from an API endpoint using pagination – GET request with optional parameters . --> It
724: Counts the number of possible initial velocitie pairs that can reach within given ranges. The problem is to find out how
725: Check if value is in list of rules. If not return False else returns the first matching function from given set or default to
726: Create an Error Response. 	Input : A string of the form 'Error in function xxx' . Output is dictionary
727: Extracting datasets from the given configurations .  The function takes as input an object with two keys - identifier and other which contains
728: Verifies if the number of alphabetic characters within given range from 'password'.  Returns True or False accordingly .
729: This function takes in two arguments - text and spaces per level of depth to be used as the number characters on each line;
730: Remove dead branches from the given list of transition steps and return new one with removed ones . This function will be used
731: Calculates the total amount of "FUEL" required to launch an object.	Inputs : Object' s weight
732: This function returns the neighbors of an empty node that are within bounds on both x &amp;#43;&lt;-
733: Convert short hand type names to fully qualified ones if available else return original one  Code snippet that demonstrates its usage with
734: Count the number of A's and C’ s from DNA sequence.  If length is not within acceptable limits raise an
735: Returns the names of columns in an object.  If 'Wide Format': returns specific, fixed set; if False or
736: Defines function to say Hello World. 	Inputs : Name, Output - String with greeting message .
737: Convert the input to an array of lists if it's currently just one element and return as such otherwise convert into single elements
738: Check if the current epoch number matches or exceeds any of given period.  If it does then return True else False .
739: This function formats the given float to have exactly n digits after decimal point.  It uses Python's built in string
740: A function that finds the minimum and maximum of an iterable object. The input is tested against each element to find either both
741: This function splits the input string into individual alphabetic characters and returns them as separate strings, lowercase version of
742: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their difference.  It is used to calculate the negative of an integer or float
743: Returns true if the given path is linked to any of nodes within provided list. If not it returns false . The function takes
744: Convert the input string to lowercase if it is alphanumeric, return as given otherwise – Inputs and
745: Modify the inputted strings to have their characters replaced by NumClass and parentheses.  If "part" is
746: Fill the ROI with rectangle. The function fills an image pixel by one line at time using given parameters to define rectangular
747: Defines an addition function. The input is two numbers and the output will be their summation result . print statement to display
748: Extracts the value of given property from an object or dictionary using dot notation as path to it .  If not found
749: This function moves the elevators up or down by one. It takes two parameters; an integer representing which level to go and
750: Convert list to string. Converts the inputted array into one long textual representation of its elements separated by commas
751: Merge two lists into one sorted list  Code length :  30 characters .    Author name and email id are not
752: This function takes three parameters - list of countries and the country's name to be checked. It returns True if given
753: This function merging configuration parameters from different sources into one dictionary format . The keys are the same as in default configurations but with
754: Returns the return name of an index.  For example, if i=0 then it returns 'returns'+str[
755: Checks if all family members share the same surname.  If so returns True else return false . The function takes
756: This function writes the index of an svn repository to disk as defined by pbd .ini formatting rules and returns true
757: Checks if the given property exists on an Object/Dictionary .  If it does exist then returns true else false..
758: This function generates all possible non specific sequences from the given RNA id and its corresponding DNA/Ribosomal S
759: This function calculates the correction factor to be applied in an abbreviated version of "abbreviating" time units, such
760: Create an ACL dictionary from the given list of entities.  The keys are entity names and values represent their respective entries within
761: Convert the given string representation of an offset from UTC to seconds. The input is expected in format HHMM or MM
762: Convert number into uint representation in the form of string with leading zeros filled up till length is exactly equal or greater than two
763: Get the object' s marker references .  If no such reference exists, return an empty dictionary	.   Parameters : Object
764: Loads an entire file into memory and returns the content in form of numpy nparray  .   The function is
765: This function converts HTML characters to their corresponding ASCII representations, useful when dealing with user input or displaying output on the web
766: Generates the specification string of an application or library based on its details – e..g., 'pytest' if
767: Converts the given raw input to boolean value using predefined mappings in python .  If not found then returns
768: This function returns the size of an object as string. It uses binary prefixes like KibiByte ("k"), M
769: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space and checks if it is within an acceptable range of another
770: Convert string to integer, handling negative numbers & floating point values .e.-g.: "3", "-7" , ".
771: Returns list of import pairs from the given tuple array – one pair per line, with each imported module name paired to its
772: Convert file size to human readable format. For example 'filesizeformat()'.   [...] . The function
773: Removes all vowals from the inputted text and returns it as output . e g : "this is an example"
774: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
775: This function filters out all the .netcdf files from given list of paths and returns them as resultant file objects
776: Get the nominal time from table object or dataset in seconds since epoch if no other information provided else return it as given by header
777: Execute the function passed to it. If not provided, return None; else execute and returns its result  Code:. .
778: Check if the function func belongs to class or its superclass.  If it does then return true else false . This method
779: This function opens the URL and returns its HTML content as string formatting by using curl command in python scripting language .
780: A function to calculate the minimum number of boats needed with given capacity and weight limits on each person in an array . The input
781: Rescales bounding box coordinates to the new dimensions.  This function takes as input an array of annotation objects and two
782: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
783: Generates the candidate sets of size 'k' from given transactional data using APRIORIS algorithm and returns them
784: Check if the host has Windows OS.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or None .   This function will
785: Convert indices to text using the provided mapping from index numbers into characters – one character at time .'   '   1
786: A decorator that checks if the function is an instance of another class/type – in other word it returns true only
787: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative method with relative tolerance and absolute tolerances parameters to control
788: A function that adds two numbers. If either number is not provided it returns 'None'.  Code length should be less than
789: Clean the profile data by removing duplicates based on keys and sorting them according to their order of appearance  Inputs -
790: Convert Facebook URLs to basic format, ie., remove the 'https://' and '.php'.  If no change
791: Convert the input to its equivalent in Pythonic way if it is either integer/float and convert into Boolean format else raise error
792: Convert BitArray to Integer.	Inputs : A list of bits, Output is an integer value from the inputted array
793: This function formats the given datetime object into string in 'YY/MM//DD HOUR MINUTE SECOND'. If
794: A function to return the correct scikit learn Distribtion object based on input string.  If it's twe
795: A function that creates dictionary from another one with certain keys/values filtered by lambda functions – like filter() but on
796: A function to calculate the Greatest Common Divisors of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm – recursive
797: Compute the dot product of two lists. If one list element or another's index doesn’t exist at that position
798: A function to set default values of the parameters that can be used with different rendering methods like wireshrine and scalar cut
799: Calculates the number of people needed to survive given total health points and percentages required by each person in order not only calculate
800: 检查给定的路径中是否存在特定字符的递归。如果找到，返回True；否则
801: Check if fields are valid.  If the table contains any invalid/empty values return false else true .   Raise an
802: This function takes as input an array of strings, removes duplicates from it and returns the resultant unique title cased string
803: Binaries predictions based on given thresholds and prints the binary version of each input' —–> "Convert
804: Filters the questions list by user name from command line arguments if provided else deletes all unanswered question of that
805: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
806: Renames the species in an input string. The function takes as argument one character from each pair of parentheses, and
807: Create or update the nearby places in the specified geographical area. The function takes latitude & longtude of current location
808: Builds an argument option name. 	Args : str ->str . Returns the string of form --<funcname
809: Returns the maximum number of cores that can be used by an array. This function is based on physical memory size and returns max
810: Constructs an URL to access WMTS service with the given parameters – Bounding box coordinates and other optional features like
811: Returns the constant value of 'k'. 	Inputs : int, float -> Output is always same.  1
812: Check if the program is correct.  If not return false else true .   The function takes two arguments - list of instructions
813: Returns the color to use when coloring labels in an interactive plotting library like matplotlib's pyplots . If
814: This function takes in an integer/float and returns the corresponding string representation of that number. If it's not valid,
815: Checks if the given AP coordinate pairing falls within an allowed range.  The function returns True only when all conditions are
816: Returns dictionary of table names mapped to their corresponding index.  Only tables with unique EXTNAMES are considered, otherwise the
817: Sorts the list of students' grade lists.  Returns sorted student gradelists with their respective scores dropped from one class
818: A function to map the string representation of data types into their corresponding integer values and vice versa .   The mapping dictionary can
819: Convert an external file format to string or return the version number if not specified otherwise .  If it’s already in text
820: Encodes the input string into ASCII values to be displayed on screen or printed out."  [...]"   Code is
821: Counts the total number of characters on all levels within pyrimids. If there are no elements, it returns an error
822: This function takes an array of categories and returns the aliases as comma separated string .  It is used to get all category
823: Get instances from catalog. 	Inputs : getFromCatalogueFunc -> function to fetch data . User object
824: Convert the given string of format "HH::MM" to an integer representing total seconds since midnight in one line function definition and
825: Check if the answer is correct. If so return True else False . 	Parameters : Guessed Answer , A followers
826: Create an unique identifier based on the provided parameters.  The function takes three arguments - 'GATEWAY TYPE', and
827: This function joins the environment variables into one string with format "key1==value" separated by commas and returns it as
828: Serializes dictionary into list of strings with key paths separated by dots .  For example : {'a':1,'b'
829: Reduce the chain of calls to an object by applying methods sequentially on each call's return value until there are no
830: Returns the list of numbers that are not present within given plotset .'  		    'The function takes three parameters :
831: Returns the next element from sequence. If no elements are left then returns provided 'Default' value otherwise it will return None .
832: This function calculates the value of J in equation 3 from paper "A Comparison between Differential Evolution and Sim
833: Compare two versions strings as integers list .  If the first number of each string is less than or equal to second then return
834: Insert semi colon break after every for loop, if it is the first statement of line or inside another block like function definition
835: Search key in the database to find an element with given name or description . ...   # TODO : implement function body
836: Calculates the c index of two lists. The calculation is based on comparing each element from both list to determine whether they are
837: Returns the number of nonzero elements in an array. This is equivalent to counting how many times you need more than zero before
838: This function takes as input the list of strings to be corrected and an integer specifying minimum length required by each string; it
839: A function to create and return dictionary with the given name. If an optional parameter 'age' is provided it will also be
840: Check if the given 'descriptions' contain any of specified phrases. If yes then return true else false  .
841: Replace multiple keys with corresponding values from the dictionary provided as an argument to function 'multiReplace'. If no replacements
842: A function to generate the eight corners of any given rectangle. The input is width and heigth in cm or m as
843: Divide word into binary digits. Returns list of the result as an array where each element is either zero, one depending
844: Computes the area of triangle with sides 'b', and returns it as float number using Herons formula .	Input :
845: This function converts single quotes to escaped ones. It does so by iterating over the input string and checking each character if
846: Calculates the mean effective annual yield of an investment or fund based on its age and volume in terms per cent point change over
847: Extracts the table name from an object if it exists, otherwise returns empty dict .  [1pt]   Code
848: Clear the state of all instances with 'state'.  Return updated dictionary.   [1pts if done correctly; -
849: Split the input string into an array of elements separated by spaces or tabs and remove leading/trailing whitespace from each
850: Create and manage elements in the form of cards. 		   .eos			   	.endum's
851: Checks if the given string starts with "finals" and is followed by '{'.  This indicates that it'
852: Convert degrees to Mercators projection of the Latitude in decimal format . The function takes one argument which is degree value and returns
853: 返回一个模块是否属于指定的包。如果该函数的参数是正确的，它将检查
854: Merge two dictionaries with recursive merging of nested dictionary objects into one single object .  It will merge the keys
855: Convert an integer or string to hexadecimal representation, optionally starting with 'hex' prefix if it is not already
856: A recursive function that applies the given mapping operation to nested lists of items within an iterable object." --->
857: A function that returns true if at least one element of the list satisfies predicate ``` 	p  ``` . If not found
858: This function takes as input the dictionary of lists and returns one single dict that contains all keys from each sublists into it'
859: This function converts the given text into an escaped version that can be safely used in regular expressions or string formatting operations,
860: Convert list of RSS feeds to object lists with required fields only – title, link and description from each rss
861: Generates the semantic verison string based on major/minor versions and optional alpha or beta level information along with an increment
862: Convert array to string representation of the input data types supported by PyTorches Tensors and Numpy arrays respectively
863: Returns the nearest integer value of 'number' rounded to given precision.  If number is not an exact multiple then it rounds
864: Serializes the list of Titulars into JSON format with their respective codes and types as keys/values pairs . If no
865: This function takes two lists as input and returns the third element of each pair from one list that is also present at another location
866: Blend two colors together with given opacity. The result will be the lighter of both inputted colours based on their alpha values
867: Get the delete modal toggle. Return string with required attributes to open and close modals in bootstrap framework .
868: Calculates the number of cells after subdivision. This function is used to calculate how many elements are in each cell
869: Generates an unique identifier based on the input parameters.  The function takes three arguments - Name of Image , Tag associated with
870: Reads the sequence file from given directories and returns true if it exists, false otherwise – [code].read() .
871: Calculates the result of adding two numbers and then applying modulo operation on that sum with another number which is divided
872: Checks if the input is valid as an amount.  Returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's numeric
873: Generates an active span tag with the given text. If no input, it defaults to HOME if not provided else uses
874: Parses the response from YouTube's API to extract relevant information about an individual youtube video. 	Input -
875: Returns the value of condensed version. 1/3rds as per lambda and tau .   ##
876: Check the user's sync agent type. This function checks if an object is of 'agentType'. If not
877: Calculates the lost percentage of frames between two streams. If either stream is zero then returns an error rate as high value to
878: Generates list of signature parameters from parameter names and default values 	Parameters are sorted by their position within the function definition to
879: Initialize KRYLOV parameters with default values if none provided; otherwise update the given ones according on input arguments and
880: Calculates the factorial of an integer. If "show" is True it prints each number from num down to one and
881: Calculates the difference between two angles and adjusts it to be within +/-94 degrees. This is useful when comparing
882: Convert the given string to its equivalent number by converting each character into it's corresponding ASCII value and then multiplying that
883: Get the wire version from an URN.	Inputs :URN, Output - Wires Version as string . Returns
884: Convert parameters from string to dictionary format – split by "|" and first part as key . Parameters are converted into
885: This function displays the given questions and choices to users through console output or GUI interface based on their input type .  It also
886: Expands the list of integers by adding 'filler' value to make its length equal or longer than given integer input .
887: Returns True if the two objects have identical id'ed. False otherwise .  This function is used to check whether or not
888: Return the input as an integer if it's positive, otherwise return none.  This function checks whether or no given number
889: Render the given landmark points as JSON format – one per line, with each point represented by its x and y
890: This function returns the given input as an uppercase. 	Inputs : String, Output -> Uppercased version
891: Parses the string to boolean value, if possible returns true otherwise false . This function is used when we want
892: Returns the index of first element in 'value' greater than start. If no such elem exists return none if input is empty
893: Generates an array of matrices with the given number 'e' as its size and returns it . The first matrix is [[
894: Split the message into multiple lines if it exceeds 19 characters per each and return as list of strings or none otherwise
895: Normalizes the given string to lowercase and removes any '.' or '_' characters from it, then returns resultant normalized
896: Implement the Floyed Warshalls algorithm to find shortest path between all pairs of vertices.  If there is
897: Convert byte order to integer. If the most significant bit is set then it's big endian else little Endians .
898: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was formatted with font name.  It replaces
899: Clears the buffer and updates its position based on provided parameters to make it more efficient when dealing with large amounts of data or
900: Creates an array of size with '-'.  Used to represent the empty space.  10/3 ->  [
901: Validates the birth year of an individual in terms if they were born before or after certain years, ie., between '
902: Get API URL from Base .  Returns the workflow url if it exists, otherwise returns none or empty string depending on input parameter
903: Compute DICE similarity coefficient from JACCARD Similarity Coefficient using the formula of two sets intersection divided by union
904: Check if the given dictionary contains correct information about current, full retiring ages of people. If yes then return 'ok'.
905: Normalizes the input list of floats to have an equal weight on all elements, resulting from their original proportions and scaling
906: Prompts the user if they want calculation based on dependent variable. This function is used in conjunction with other functions
907: Split the inputted strings into substrings based on given character and return them as list of sublists .  For example
908: Generates tracking IDs based on the task set and index.  The format is '{sets}/#'. For example
909: Normalizes an object to the given List. If it is of string data then checks if that matches with first element name from
910: Returns the underlying type name of an object or function's argument/return value, removing any struct and const qualifiers from
911: This function gets the DNA sequences from lines after mutation position till end of file or until it encounters an empty string/
912: Create and return the best choice structure of each type from an input list. The function takes two parameters - 'max' key
913: A function that groups an input list by the values returned from applying some selector to each element.  The result is as dictionary
914: Convert pressure in hPa to mm H g/m^² .  	Inputs : Pressure value as float or
915: This function checks if the given ‘shapes’ are valid. A grid of size n xm can be either an
916: This function prints the elements of each sub list one by oneline, separated with spaces and followed … . It is used
917: Returns the result of comparing two times. If time is greater than halfway point then return negative one else if equal to mid
918: Validates if the input function object only.  If not validated then it returns false else true .   It checks whether
919: Convert the given input to Module and Class names in Python 3 syntax .e..g "mylib" => {"Module
920: This function takes an input that can be either of table or list and converts it into the form required by python's
921: A function to determine the font size based on width of window. The range is from smallest possible at .3em upto
922: Parses the given string to determine if it's an appropriate command or not, and returns 'None', otherwise return
923: Find the least common multiple of all numbers up to and including N. The number is considered "smallest" if it'
924: This function checks if the file extension of given URL corresponds to any video format.  It returns True when it finds relevant files
925: Converts the given DNA sequence into its corresponding number.  It counts how many times each letter appears next to another,
926: This function calculates the minimum distance between two stops on an autonomous vehicle's road. It keeps track of whether
927: Promts the user to enter an input. If entered string is not empty then it will return prompted message with provided
928: This function checks the winning condition of tic tack toe game. It returns 'X', if X wins, else it
929: Checks if the given function has an __wrappped___ attribute.  If it does then returns true else false .
930: Removes the last occurrence of an ID in list.  If it matches with any given to be removed then removes that from
931: Convert the dist requirement to pip format – convert it from pythonic requirements string into equivalent pypi compatible one . e
932: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two pixels' RGB values using weights to account different parts of an image that are more similar
933: Returns the character that is greater than or equal to 10 and less then Ascii value of "B" if
934: Convert all values to string if they are dictionaries recursively – Converts nested data structures into strings and makes it
935: Remove unnecessary characters from the given string and return it as processed version of that function in python language .   [10 points
936: Check if two IP addresses are within the same 3rd octet of subnets defined by CIDR notation .
937: Normalizes the node id to be used in graph database. 	Inputs : nodedb, an instance of Node
938: Creates dictionary of lists where each key is the same as input list but with elements sorted into different sublists based on their
939: Convert the input to either an integer if possible; otherwise return it unchanged in case of string conversion with 'Nan', boolean
940: Generates JSON object with the given parameters.  The returned dictionary contains all necessary information to create an instance of Assignment in
941: Returns the key to be used in sorting based on whether it is primary or not and its selection status – sorted by
942: Normalizes an organization identifier to the format psc::organization:.  If it starts with 'pyscholar:'
943: Checks if the input object 'x' can be considered as scalar. A variable or function that returns only one value,
944: Convert database entries to host variables 	Inputs : dict of databases and returns dictionary with hosts as keys mapped by their respective
945: Generates list of points under graph with given coordinates on X axis .   [ ]    ->     [[X]]
946: Convert string to gast object. 	Inputs : String -> Output is the converted GAST Object .   Type of
947: Search the list of paths to find an existing file with given name or extension – if multiple files are matched then return first
948: Calculates the profit margin of an item based on its previous selling prices and present buying pricing . Profit is calculated as percentage
949: Calculates the precision of an astronomical source.  The FWHM represents full width at half maximum which measures how
950: This function takes as input the list of broken package information and returns an appropriate message about which ROS dependencies are missing or out
951: Find the segment in sorted list of Segement objects that starts at or after 'start' coordinate. If there is no such
952: Format error value to string with specified decimal places and optional prefix. If no suffix is provided it will default as 'e'
953: This function takes two arguments - the first one being an optional string and second argument can be any iterable of strings. It
954: Compute precision of the model. If no positive examples exist in data set then return zero as there is not much information to
955: Convert an ASCII string to integer. If the input is not valid, return None else convert it into base 'base'.
956: Calculates the NTH root of an inputted 'Number'. If it's not possible to calculate such roots then returns
957: Calculates the population density.  If both parameters are provided then it calcula... Parameters : Population ->
958: A function to find the square root of an inputted integer using binary search algorithm, if not found return '-' .
959: Check if parameters are valid. If not, return error message; otherwise returns true  .   [END] Code Summary :
960: Translate time in minutes to hours and seconds. For example input is '34' returns output as '.17'.
961: Filters out large/small sized data from the given list of Cluster objects based on their size compared to an overall dataset
962: This function calculates the matrix of covariances between all pairs from numpy array with uncertainties .  The uncertainty is assumed to
963: Returns the maximum of two numbers.  If one number is less than another then it returns that other's value . Otherwise
964: Get the value of an XML string by its name in one line – returns 'None' if not found .   [
965: Calculates the normalized version of one number. If any input parameter are not provided it returns null and if either dimension's
966: This function calculates the limit of an input value. It takes two parameters and returns one output which is either absolute or zero
967: This function takes in two lists of numbers and returns the melodies as strings.  It does so by iterating over each
968: Checks if two Object IDs are outside of the tree structure by comparing their digits and ignoring zeroes . If
969: Computes the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to given number. Code uses bitwise operations and property T
970: This function checks if all elements of the inputted array are floats. If they aren't it returns them as integers
971: This function generates HTML ‘collapse’ or collapser elements that can be used to create accordion style sections in web
972: Get attachment keys from the given list of items – returns an array with all unique key values associated to attached files . If
973: Checks if the count of each character type is greater than or equal to required.  Returns True only when all types are
974: Calculates the Dynamic Thermal Power from Pin and Temperature profile data .  The formula is derived by using average of
975: This function removes leading spaces from each string of the input data list/array .  It does so by iterating over all
976: Computes the cross product of two vectors.  Inputs are in form [[x0 y0 z0], ... ,
977: Find the executable file of program on PATH environment variable .   Code snippet : find out if an application exists at specified
978: Import class from module – split by '.' and recursively call methods on the object returned . If an error occurs during
979: Checks if two numbers are approximately equal within the specified number of decimal points.  If they're not close enough to
980: Returns True if the given note book id is an IPython NoteBook, False otherwise . 	Inputs : Node ID
981: This function takes an input of type 'IterFlowResult' and collapses it into one dimensional array by recursively adding
982: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
983: Generates hexadecimal representation of the input value. If no argument is provided it defaults to an integer's binary
984: Map fields from one set of keys to another using the provided mapping dictionary .  If no match is found it returns original key
985: Return the slot number of car with given Vehicle Reg No.(DRT). If no such vehicle exists then returns '-
986: This function takes in list of usernames and returns them as string separated by commas. 	Example usage : ['
987: Sort the list of dictionaries by one specific field from highest to lowest value using Python's builtin sort function and custom
988: Determine the number of common elements between two ranges. If they are not overlapping return zero else calculate their length if it
989: Parses the given dictionary into an object that can be used to represent resources in our system, such as users or groups
990: This function calculates the value of "six hump camels" equation based on input parameters 'X' and Y'.
991: Create an equivalent of the function in Python.  If input is table like object then return it as such else convert to t
992: Defines function to validate the user's input. If not provided then it will return an error message else returns true otherwise
993: Normalizes the pointer type in C language to its base form or primitive data types if possible, otherwise returns original string as it
994: Generates an XML version entity.  The output is in the form of UDM Version Entity with given Major and Min
995: Sanity check the URL and return it with http/ https prefix if necessary, else remove trailing slash .  Code
996: Calculates the optimal distance between two points in meters.	Inputs : Distance to divide by and an array of distances
997: Return the full system PATH of an executable file, or None if it is not found on any directory listed by ${Path
998: Get argument value by given keyword or fallback to the provided one if it exists in kwargs dictionary .  If no
999: Create and return an object with the provided parameters.  The returned dictionary contains information about provenances of data records in different domains
1000: Returns the part of string after last occurrence if it is found in given substrings else returns original strings itself .   [Function
1001: Set the blast chunk overlapping threshold to be used in BLAST searches, if it is greater than zero then return that
1002: This function calculates the fraction of elements that are common between two lists.  It does so by counting how many items from
1003: This function applies binary operation to two tables and returns the results of that operations on each table' keys as dictionary values with their
1004: Returns the smallest number that is not less than num and divisible by multiple. If no such value exists then it returns zero
1005: This function takes in an input of 'probability' and returns the equivalent value as alpha numeric string, ie.,
1006: reverses the bytes in an input string.  If length of byte is odd, it will take last one as single digit
1007: Checks if the input string s contains only hexadecimal digits.  A character in ASCII table can be
1008: Returns the start and end indices of Coding sequences in an RNA sequence. If + sign is present then it returns only
1009: Computes the energy difference between two points in space. If it is negative then returns zero as no change has occurred and if
1010: Proxy function to handle four arguments of any type in the form f(*args).  If call fails then report error and
1011: Check if the object is of class lavavo or its parent table has an attribute named 'lavava' – returns
1012: Code: Defines the function to get directory name based on number.   Numbers are mapped from one digit numbers in
1013: Generates environment dependency metadata based on the given element & dictionary of tool dependencies  Code is designed to extract set environments from an
1014: This function partitions an object into disjoint sets based on the provided relationship between objects and their class membership of one set or another .
1015: This function calculates the total of all elements within an image. It does so by iterating over each element and adding it
1016: Finds segments of the structure that are SS regions using DSSP results from BEM software, then returns these as list
1017: Find the first index of an element that satisfies given condition. If not found return '-'.  Code explanation : This function takes
1018: Compare the weights of two sets and return either one or both. If new set is heavier than old then it returns that
1019: This function splits the input string by commas and then checks each element to see if it contains "-". If so -
1020: Trim the string to first occurrence of ' + git '.  If not found, return original value .   #trimming
1021: Calculates the number of electrons from photons using given efficiency factor – Quantum EffiencY . The result is
1022: Create or modify the knots vector of size 'm' with given parameters. If it is not possible return None else returns
1023: Format tune scores into one line dictionary with keys as train/ test / fit _ score .  This function takes the output of
1024: Processes the arguments of an estimator.  If no parameters are provided it returns none; if only SDs and/nor
1025: This function merges all elements of the input group into one list, which is then returned as output from that specific method call
1026: This function returns the menu entries to be displayed in an ajax navigation bar. The returned list is used by other functions
1027: Check if the user has sufficient editions to edit.  If they do then return true else false .	Parameters : necessary
1028: Convert bytes to human readable format. This function converts the input size in byte into its equivalent value with KB
1029: Returns whether the input is of type Species. 	Inputs -> Predictions from an API call to get information
1030: Split the string into substrings that are not equal to given character or substring – used as regex pattern . find
1031: This function generates the first 'n' numbers of an arithmetic sequence where each number is equal to its position plus one multi
1032: Get the actions from given combinations.  Returns an empty dictionary if no matching found, else returns key value pair of matched one
1033: Computes the scale factor to be used in scaling up or down an object based on its size and distance from center of mass
1034: Select subscription by its unique identifier.  If the provided id is not found it returns null or none if no valid input given
1035: This function takes in the magnitude of an instrument and its corresponding airmass. It then returns how much to subtract from or
1036: This function takes as input the list of document 'tags' and returns an array with only those tags that appear at least `
1037: Expand call to function with arguments and keyword args – Job is the current state of jobs/tasks; Func
1038: Removes duplicates from the input list and returns it as new sorted array without any duplicate values .  The order of elements
1039: This function generates the end times of events that occur at regular intervals within an interval defined by 'n' repeates and time
1040: Limit the bounding box to be within [-π, +π],[-∞,-−infinity][+
1041: Perform integer division and multiplication. 	Inputs : two integers; Output is an int or float depending on the operation
1042: Convert days to seconds.	Inputs : Days, Output -> Secondes .   Example of usage is "1 day
1043: Mask an eMail address by replacing the username part with '*'s of its length – useful in privacy protection
1044: Check if the given dictionary has an entry with specific 'Key' equals to provided `Value` .  If it does then
1045: Calculates the length of ribbon needed to wrap given objects. The input is three dimensions in cm and returns total cost as integer
1046: Returns the index of an element if it exists within given array. If not found returns '-1'.  Code is used to
1047: Converts Pluto to Time.  If the input values are negative then it returns infinity as result because we can'
1048: Convert number of Bytes to KB, MB or GB based on the size and return it in string format with one decimal place
1049: Checks if two numbers are almost equal within an error margin of ‘ε’ . If the absolute difference between x and
1050: Calculates the intersection of two lines given by four distinct point pairs.  The function returns None if there is no intersecting
1051: This function takes an object and returns the same string but with each word's first character uppercased, leaving other characters
1052: Translate key names to their respective character equivalents.  For example, 'equal' becomes an equals sign ('==').
1053: Convert uint3 to array of bytes .   ## Code : Converts an unsigned integer into its equivalent binary representation as
1054: Interpolates SQL queries with placeholders and returns the result as JSON string  .   [10pts ]
1055: Create an object with optional padding and/or offest.  Padding can be used to add space before or after the
1056: Get the specified type of data from string or dictionary format input and return it as an object .  For example if you have
1057: Return the input if it is already in list format. Otherwise, convert to table and return as one element array with itself inside
1058: Convert feet to meters squared, given the input in inches^3 .	Inputs : float or int , representing distance
1059: Check the value of forecast settings. If it is empty, false ,or auto then return default else convert to integer .
1060: Calculates the ECC of an array.  The formula is derived from distance between two points in space, where one point
1061: Builds the URL to view mutual friends of given users on Facebook' profile page  .  	Input : User ID and
1062: 计算给定序列的最大增益。如果没有可用的数据，则返回None.   Code length
1063: Get all the names of linked entities from an entity dictionary – either as group or individual .   [...] ```
1064: Check if the given public key buffer represents an uncompresse...  . Parameters : pubKeyBuffer ->
1065: Check if logo annotation exists in the result set of an image analysis API response, returns true or false accordingly . --
1066: Returns the nth power of two. For example, if you call `sumPoweOfTwo` with argument '
1067: Returns the value of property with given 'Name' in ClassDict . If not found then returns defaultValue  if provided
1068: Calculates the derivative of function at point 'x' with respect to x. If no such value exists return zero or if
1069: Convert the coordinates of an object relative to its own coordinate system into global one.  The function takes as input three parameters -
1070: This function takes an array of rotation values and converts any negative rotations to positive by adding the full circle's value
1071: Creates an index mapping from elements of the input lists to indices within another given sequence or set .  For example , if
1072: This function replaces special characters in the input string with underscores to create an id that is compatible as per OMIM
1073: Sorts the names of TOR nodes in ascending order. 	Input - List[str] Output=List [
1074: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the longest string first followed by shortest, then second from last etc
1075: Create an array of strings.  If the input is not empty then add them together with specified separator else return only one
1076: This function checks if the given file extension is an image type .  Returns True when it's one of jpg,
1077: Create and return dictionary of aggregated stats from players list with their respective statistics . The keys are the unique identifier representing each individual
1078: Check if the document root is in flow style mode, ie., it's possible to display YAML data as
1079: Check if all sta...  # TODO add more details about the function and its purpose here.. .   "Checking
1080: Validates the attributes of an upload request – checks if they are present and nonempty respectively . If any attribute is absent
1081: Transposes the given matrix. If input isn't valid, raises an error with message and status codes as specified by Python
1082: Annotation of the given "Bookmarks" in markdown format 	Inputs : Label and BookMark . Returns annotation
1083: Get repository information from the given Tool object in 'Tool Shed'.  Returns dictionary with name, owner of repo and other
1084: Parses JCAMP value from string input, returning it as either an integer if possible; otherwise returns the parsed floating
1085: Convert an input string to lowercase. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Converts the given
1086: Compute the Jacobians of two variables in terms on their first and second derivatives with respect to one another .	Type :
1087: Builds the set of unique strings that can be formed by using different qu bits and values from an input list .  The
1088: Calculates the total amount of required FUEL to launch an object with given mass from its module, considering only positive integer
1089: Returns the name of an object if it exists; otherwise returns none 	Inputs : Record and Context . Output ->
1090: Defines function 'mystuff' that adds 3 to the input parameter and returns it. It then calls both functions
1091: Creates an onedimensional array of the specified string. The size is determined by repeating it until its length fits within
1092: Returns True if the song title does not contain "Full Album" or cover".  Otherwise, returns False .   Code
1093: Sort dictionary by the date of most recent access. If dates are equal return alphabetical order else compare based on time difference
1094: Clean the input string by removing unnecessary whitespace, parentheses or tokens that are only spaces but contain alphabetic
1095: Builds property list from configuration dictionary .  It handles nested dictionaries with file properties if they exist within them..   Returns
1096: A function to parse HTTP headers from string input .'   '    '. The header is represented as "Key : Value".
1097: Transforms the given list of strings into an array where each line is no longer than 79 characters long, and wrap
1098: Validates the dialog based on maximum turns and user id.  If there are more than two unique twitter handles present then
1099: Create y range based on the input parameters of function – count and type - to be used in plotting functions or calculations
1100: Returns true if the string is valid email address, false otherwise – Code: .split() [:: - i t e
1101: Calculates the checksums of REGONs. The algorithm is based on Luhn' Algorithm and it calcula...
1102: Convert the input to unknown type if it's either boolean, integer/float number otherwise return as string –10
1103: Get parsed Context.  This function takes in the raw text of an article and returns its content as structured data . The structure
1104: Generates the template string to create an IPsec VPN connection using specified parameters in one line of text formatting only if necessary
1105: Checks if the input requires table has only simple requirements.  Returns True or False accordingly .   [ ] -> []
1106: Check if the current kernel app instance has an IPython extension.  This function checks whether there are any active instances of Inter
1107: Validates if wildcards can be used as prefixes in names.  If so, returns them otherwise raises error .
1108: Apply changes to the dictionary based on which channels are selected by user – deletes or renames certain keys from it .
1109: Transforms keys of dictionary. If the input data type isn't supported then it returns original value as default else applies transformation
1110: Checks if the given path starts with another one using Python's built in string method find(). If it does then returns
1111: Check if the HTTP response has one of several possible success codes.  Returns true when given an appropriate http request result, false
1112: This function returns the cell id, report type and its corresponding Report ID. 	Inputs : A dictionary with keys '
1113: Remove the smallest number from an array of numbers, and return remaining elements as output list – if no element is present then
1114: Update the 'max' values of n and m with respect to existing ids. If an ID is already present it updates
1115: Update the value of an element in JSON structure recursively – if it exists else create one . If 'keep' flag
1116: Check if the given URL ends with any of these extensions (.JPG, .PNG ,etc).  Returns True or
1117: Count the number of conditions in an input string that are enclosed by 'x'.  The function returns zero if there is
1118: Validates if the given string is in format of "Periodic Time".  If it's not, raises an error
1119: This function calculates the value of one number raised to another by using Python's built in operator '**'.  It
1120: Replaces the value at given indices in string.  The first two elements of each pair are start and end indexes while third
1121: Calculates the enthalpic heat of formation.  If input is table or function returns summation result else throws an error
1122: Convert string to integer but ignore non numeric characters and raise an error if none found .  If conversion is successful return the
1123: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1124: Calculates the difference between two bearings in degrees. If one bearing is further from another than half of its full rotation then
1125: Generates an initialised dictionary of dictionaries to store bounding box and segmentation results.  The keys are class indices from
1126: Load long description from multiple text documents .  If no such document exists it returns none or empty string if all the lines are
1127: Convert the given config to string format based on its type and value – if it're of field or named argument then
1128: Create or update patient record in MME system with given id if it exists, else create new one .  If no ID
1129: Decodes an XOR cipher text using the given key and returns original message . The input is expected to be base6
1130: This function calculates the compensation of an employee in terms if they are currently f urloughed.  It takes into
1131: This function scales the time from an arbitrary unit to cubic units. It is used in simulations where we want our model's
1132: Creates an entry to be submitted.  The input is the id of one or more images and their corresponding prediction results from
1133: Convert spatial pixel reference to the corresponding time slice. This function is used in conjunction with other functions that deal specifically within processing of
1134: Projects vector ECEF coordinates onto the local coordinate basis. 	Input parameters are in meters and represent Cartesian components
1135: Calculates the quantity of carbon dioxide in grams per liter by using an equation derived from molecular weight and density
1136: Apply function to each element of an object/collection – recursively if it’s table like .ed applies the given
1137: Removes metadata from yml files, such as object types and module names in python objects – ordered dicts .
1138: Calculates the sensitivity of an algorithm.  The function takes four parameters - true negatives , false positives & False Neg
1139: Calculates Normalized Difference Vegetation Index.  Inputs are Bands4 and Band7 of the same ge
1140: Normalizes the string s by replacing all spaces with single space and removing extra white characters from both ends of strings .  This
1141: This function takes in the name of an object and returns it with some abbreviations if necessary, based on its type or
1142: Calculates the angle between two points in degrees on an arc of circle or sphere .'s distance from one another point..
1143: Returns mock data to simulate response from bpm server . The hash of BBM binary file is returned as part body content in
1144: Get the geometric or topological description of an object from its name in string format using given components list .  If not found return
1145: Parses the name of an Android Device from its card prefix and returns it if valid, else return none or empty string
1146: Remove the common "prefix" from keys, such as value or expiry time etc., before storing them into cache/database
1147: Returns the URL of an OpenStreetMap tile given its x and Y coordinates at specified level or default to highest available if
1148: This function returns the connection string. The format of which is user /password @ //host :port .database name
1149: This function calculates the maximum possible purchase of orangs. It starts with one apple and doubles its price each time
1150: This function calculates the percentage of matching characters between two strings by converting both to lowercase and comparing each character one at time
1151: Normalizes video or process id to uppercase and removes leading '0' if any, also handles hexadecimal prefix
1152: Predicts the word with highest probability based on input vector and returns it along its corresponding confidence level .   [1 point
1153: Multiply two numbers and saturates the result within given bounds.  If any of input parameters are null then return none
1154: Unquotes the input string. If it is enclosed in double quotes, remove them; if single quote marks are used
1155: A recursive function to calculate the exponent of any number using binary method. It uses divide and conquer strategy which is based on
1156: Get GPS check fail flags. Returns dictionary with the status of each flag as True/False based on gp' s fix
1157: } else if not any((k % n == 0).all()) : return {i+n*j:(self
1158: This function checks if the given income level is valid. It returns true when it finds an appropriate one, and false otherwise
1159: Convert integer to binary string. If no specific length specified then convert it into hexadecimal format with the same number of
1160: Convert the given amount and units of measurement from one type into another using conversion factors provided by US Customary Units system .
1161: Removes special characters and replaces spaces with other symbols to make the string more readable or safe from errors in parsing
1162: Compute the Intersecting Area / Union of Two Bounding Boxes. Returns IoU as float between [None ,
1163: Get the keys defined by doc and store them into dictonary 'keyds' .  If no such dictionary exists it
1164: This function finds the closest color from given input to any of colors present within provided list.  It uses Euclidean distance as
1165: Calculates the amplitude of an oscillating wave with frequency f and phase shift p in radians, given by sinusoidal
1166: This function takes an array of dictionaries and returns the titles as one line string separated by | characters if they exist otherwise it
1167: Compare two function objects by their bytecodes and return whether they are equal in terms of the source codes that define them
1168: Create the full name of an AWS CloudFormation Stack.  If organization is provided then it will return in format 'Or
1169: Calculates the profit of selling bonds based on their prices and sold at different times .  	Profit = Price / S
1170: Returns the circumference of all possible squares in an array. 	Inputs : integer number . Output -> list
1171: This function takes three arguments string , integer start and end of the subpart to replace . And another argument is replacement text or
1172: Truncates the float to specified number of decimal places.""")   # Code Summary Here...    """     return f
1173: Converts an integer to its binary representation. The result is returned as four separate digits of the form 'x.'
1174: Filter SQL queries from logs by engine type, date formatting or other specific conditions – based on the input parameter `filter
1175: Implement the fourth order runga kuta method to solve differential equations. This function takes as input an equation of form y
1176: A function to extract the required entity types from an experiment's data dictionary .  It checks if keys are present and returns
1177: Convert an angle from decimal to cardinal direction using the Haversine formula and return it as string representation of one word e,
1178: Recode 'HHSEX' field to human readable format.  If the input value of HH SEC does
1179: Dispatch table based on the first argument of function calls in python . The split is used as an index into another array or
1180: This function checks if the given string contains any of several keywords and returns True along with those keys as output tuple list . If
1181: Convert string to double quoted format if it is non empty, else return NULL  Code snippet used in the documentation or
1182: Create an object that represents the style of areas in plotly.layout objects; used to set properties like color & opacity on
1183: Creates an empty dictionary.  This is the default list used when no other specific one provided by user or in config file
1184: Prints the current key of each item in an array.  If no data is available it returns true . Otherwise prints out
1185: Convert numbers to names.  For example, if the input is '9', it will return name of player who has chosen
1186: A function that calculates the difference between two lists and normalizes it by dividing with length of individual list, then returns
1187: This function returns the list of network values that are not equal to one from inputted array/network value sequence . It counts
1188: Calculates the surface areas of all boxes contained within input string 'boxes'.  The function uses regular expressions to parse out
1189: This function returns the input string if it's less than or equal to maximum length, otherwise return its first half and ell
1190: Convert RGB color to packed integer format using the formula r*64^3+g*(1/7)*r**
1191: Convert the string to LaTeX formatting using special characters and symbols as needed by your program' implementation of TeXiF
1192: Read files and return sentences from each one of the given filnames .  The function returns dictionary where keys are sentence numbers starting
1193: Convert the given numerical rating to its string representation. 0 is considered as 'terribble', and scores above that are
1194: This function returns the nodes of binary tree in PostOrder traversal order ie., left -> right – root
1195: This function takes in an input string and replaces all '%s'-style placeholders with the corresponding value from 'args'.
1196: Converts an input list of integers into concatenation string. Each integer is converted to its corresponding ASCII character and separated
1197: Parses the input string into an ordered dictionary of strings or lists based on commas separating values .  If it
1198: This function scales the temperature by subtracting its average and dividing it with standard deviation.  It is used to normalize
1199: Calculates the side band power from depth using gamma correction factor .   [1]_.    .....[3].
1200: Checks if the number is part of Mersenne prime set. Returns true or false based on whether it's
1201: Returns the limit of money fund based on account name and currency type . If it is not supported return default value ie.,
1202: Compute the Kolmoqoriou's length scale using simple method . The epsilon is an input parameter that represents
1203: A recursive function to calculate the total of all nodes in binary tree using depth first search approach with OOP style programming language
1204: Find the index of an element in list. If not found return none."; }}}}}}' . '{ {{{
1205: Returns the result of multiplying two complex numbers.  The input is expected to be in format '[(RealPart), Im
1206: Limit the value of 'value' within range [minimo..maxiom] 	Example usage : print("
1207: This function converts the given float to string with specified precision.  If no arguments are provided it defaults all parameters as zero
1208: This function takes two arguments as input. It attempts to convert both inputs into integers if possible; otherwise it returns zero immediately in
1209: Split the string into two lists based on '%' and ''.  The first list contains all substrings that are separated
1210: This function returns the given string in lowercase with dashes added around it, and also adds two ends of dash to make
1211: Get the ordering field to be used in list views based on serialization class of current object type .  If no such information
1212: Convert row number to corresponding Excel column name. For example, convert the first cell of AZ into 'AA'. The function
1213: Tokenizes the input string x into lines. 	Inputs : str, Output -> list of strings . Returns
1214: Removes cells with an 'empty' tag from the given Jupyter Notebooks – those that contain no executable
1215: Returns the full name of an app's views as specified by its namespace or base path .  If no specific namespaces
1216: Find the element in an infinite list that satisfies given condition.  If not found return 'None'. --> Code
1217: Returns the input string in uppercase if it is lower case, and returns its original form otherwise – i.,g.:
1218: Handle the 'Extend Type Attribute' of DataPoint object in PVLib and return updated datapoint with extended
1219: Limit the length of statistics to match with given shapes' lengths – used when generating random data or similar tasks where we
1220: Convert string value into boolean. If the input is not valid, return none .  [Function]   -> Conver
1221: Returns the lowercase version of 'other' value as string . 	Inputs : fake and real values , Output -
1222: This function generates the list of transformation matrices needed to transform numbers from ‘from’ base 'f' into another number system
1223: Generates the necessary parameters to make an API request with Google Books using Python' built in json library and requests module  .
1224: This function calculates the utility of each unit in given list ufunc. The result is then summed up to get total
1225: Create an SSMI text from the given input and whether or not to end session.  This is used in Amazon Lex chat
1226: This function checks if any of the living entities are over their lifecycle and/or have no food left on them before
1227: Clean the input string by converting to lower case and removing leading/trailing whitespace if specified in config file – returns
1228: Returns True if the object is an instance of LaTeX primitive class, False otherwise 	Type : str -> bool
1229: Create an offset from the start of block to some point in that same bloc.  This is used by various functions and
1230: This function returns the cache file name based on an input format string .  It cleans up any special characters and replaces them
1231: This function converts the input string to leet speak by replacing certain characters with their equivalent numbers or letters depending on what they
1232: Returns the mode of an array. If there is more than one such value, returns 'tot' as default if no other
1233: This function takes an array of required input arguments and returns them as command line options to be used with the request module's
1234: Implements the Secante method to find roots of functions. It uses an iterative approach with relative tolerance and maximum number iterations
1235: Clamps the value within specified range. This function is used to ensure that values are not outside of defined ranges or
1236: This function sorts the digits of an integer number from highest to lowest and returns it as another Integer value .  For example
1237: Calculates the average person's preference score from two tweets.  The first tweet is considered more favorable than any other
1238: Split the input string into list of substrings separated by commas using Python's built in find function to locate comma
1239: Returns True if the first 'len' characters of number i are palin. Otherwise False 	Parameters : int ->
1240: Creates an empty matrix with the given number of 'col' columns and each cell is filled by ‘zero’ values
1241: Apply function to structure of parameters recursively – applies the given operation on all numeric and boolean values within nested structures .
1242: Replace UTC offsets with GMD in the given string of timezone information 	Example usage : 'Europe/Ber
1243: Function to check if the eye color is in our predefined list.  Returns true or false based on whether it'
1244: Returns the foreground color tone based on value. 0 is black, and higher values are brighter colors in hexad
1245: Get the name of embedding from variable or tensor in PyTorches LookUp Table model – only works with Look Up T
1246: This function checks if the inputted text has mixed case letters in it or not, ie., all are uppercased
1247: This function toggles the display style of an element based on its mode. If it is in "Single" Mode, then
1248: Creates an empty matrix of given size with all elements filled by "." .  This is used to create the initial state
1249: Returns the group name from given path of .NET assembly or DLL, if it exists; otherwise returns None  Code sn
1250: This function calculates the value of an investment by exchanging at given interest rates.  The result is rounded to two decimal
1251: Checks if the given string ends with an empty separators. If it does, returns true; otherwise false . Parameter
1252: Generates the absolute Copy Number Variations of 10X Genomics Variant Calling service using GA4GH
1253: Expand comma separated ranges into list of integers – if the string is '30,-49', it will return
1254: A function to find all the Prime Factores of an integer number 'N'.  It uses Euclid's algorithm
1255: Substitute variables within the given string using provided dictionary as replacement values 	Inputs : Template String and Dictionary of Vari
1256: Get action IDS from string of comma separated values or list/array input – returns an array with the parsed integer value
1257: This function returns the canonical Python solution of given scikit learn'distributions".  It handles different distributions and their families
1258: return the task id from an application name . if not found, returns none	.   Parameters : 'application's
1259: Check if the given id is present among all available IDs. 1/0 return value indicating whether or not it exists
1260: Determines if the current chunk starts with an entity.  If it does not begin immediately after another word boundary or is part
1261: Check if the page name is invalid according to Wikipedia's naming conventions – ie., it should start with
1262: Decompress JSON data with prefixes and recursively call itself on nested objects/arrays – comment out the lines
1263: Traditional ISF equation model of the effect on the body temperature based upon TDD and time since diagnosis .  It is
1264: Adds an array type to the schema.  This is useful when you want your API response data structure in JSON format,
1265: Create an ARN string from the given IAM policy or role names in AWS managed policies and roles respectively, if they start
1266: Extracting and returning all the possible runtime/execution related issues from an interpreter's logs – step, history &
1267: Adds annotations on the plot. The annotation is added at (-98,-76). This function will return dictionary
1268: Get basic network configuration.  Returns the dictionary of parameters required to create or modify an interface in Linux networking stack .   Par
1269: Returns the regex pattern that matches any string containing '.' character.  This is used to match files in directory listing and file
1270: Convert an IP address to string format. The function takes in the integer representation of one or more numbers that represent parts like network
1271: Check if the given integer is within an interval. This function takes two parameters - 'a' points to check against
1272: Check if two intervals intersect.  If they do return True else False . Intervals are defined by their start point 'b
1273: Convert Pascale case to snack_case – convert string from Pascals casing style (.e., eF
1274: This function converts special characters to their respective percent encoded versions.  It is used when sending data over HTTP or HTT
1275: Clean the given string by replacing underscores with spaces and converting to uppercase if it's an identifier or keyword in
1276: Calculates the running mean and variance of an unbiased estimator.  It uses Welsch's formula to calculate
1277: Convert an object to list or return the original if it already contains data of type "List".  If not convertible then
1278: Merge two sorted lists into one using the provided comparison function 'lt'. The elements are compared element by元素 from both arrays
1279: Create an Event Message. 	Inputs : Identifier and the type of events to be created . Returns -> A
1280: Generates pairs of models to be used as training data or testing/validation sets based on the input number 'n'. The
1281: Count the number of times one string appears in another – case sensitive and ignoring non alphanumeric characters . The
1282: Compare two strings column by colum. If the first string is longer than second one then return '>', if it'
1283: A function that returns the name of an encoded length field.  For example, if input is "MyType", output would
1284: This function generates the URL string based on given list of Geo ID pairs. The generated url will contain all required parameters to
1285: Calculates the percentage of each type/class within an object's properties based on total number and counts provided by user input
1286: Generates bootstrapping configuration file with bash scripting language using the given arguments as shell scripts to execute during initialization of an
1287: This function takes three arguments - two vectors and one scalar. It returns the result of adding 'step size' in specified directions
1288: Linearizes the term.  The function takes as input an atom's symbol and its orbit number to be used when
1289: Returns the Cross Product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both input
1290: This function cleans the metadata of all box objects. It checks if each object's name is unique and updates it with an
1291: Calculates the True Positive Rate.  Inputs are Total Predicted positives and False Negatives . Returns rate of
1292: Returns the file 'log' in .MAT format as readable text or binary data, depending on whether it is an
1293: 根据控制级别显示警告。如果等于零，则始终返回true；否则仅在为原生
1294: Convert dots to underscores and strip numerics from the end of string if any, then return it as output .
1295: Generates the legends of an array/matrix with given dimensions and values using SMALI's coordinate system –
1296: Convert the given string into locale format if possible; otherwise return it as is .  If "toLower" parameter set true
1297: Quotes the string if it is not already quoted, else returns original unquoted str  .   [1 line only
1298: Encodes the string 'str' by replacing consecutive occurrences of characters with their counts and character itself. For example "
1299: Count the number of ways to describe an integer sequence with given 'Total' and starting from zero. The first element is always
1300: Returns True if the first character of 'caver' is uppercase, False otherwise – [1pts]. Code
1301: Call the last module in list or return empty string if no such thing exists 	. . ..... .. ... .........
1302: Get the word from given dictionary.  If either argument are null return none . Otherwise returns corresponding value in provided dictionaries."
1303: Adds absent parameter keys to the list of provided templates' ones and returns updated set with added missing values as 'None'.
1304: A function to escape special characters in MarkDown syntax used by GitHub and other similar platforms 	Inputs : Text string
1305: Convert MAC address to lowercase without colons and return as string 	Inputs :MAC Address in String format Output -
1306: Check if the PR is opened by an author that was previously authenticated and has been closed before it's opened again
1307: This function calculates the number of combinations possible from an inputted size. It is used to calculate permutations when needed in
1308: Create and return the string representation of an application's current software versions.  The format is major . minor , patch level
1309: A function to convert an arbitrarily deeply embedded lists into one level deep – ie., flattens the input
1310: Convert string representation of boolean value into actual Python Boolean.  If the input is not valid, it raises an error message stating
1311: Interpolates between two points in the parameter space using distance measure and returns new point based on that measurement . The closer to
1312: Checks if the given string contains only capital letters or not – returns true/false accordingly . --> Code :
1313: This function validates the format of an input dictionary with keys "byr", 	"iyr" , etc., where
1314: Create and return dictionary of the frequency count/distribution from input list, where keys are unique elements found within given array; values
1315: Parses the given jar file paths and returns them as list of strings .  The function splits by ';'.
1316: Returns whether or not the system should retain logs based on configuration settings from all provided configs." 		   .strip()
1317: Find the first element that satisfies given condition from activity's 'Used'.  Returns None if no such elements exist .
1318: Get the parent URI of an absolute path string, if it exists; otherwise return none .  If there is no slash
1319: This function calculates the value of an RBF kernel. It is used to calculate similarity between instances in high dimensional space using
1320: Check if two strings are anagrams of each other by counting the characters and comparing them to see whether they match or not
1321: Filter out the given list of strings based on certain conditions.  The function will return true if any character in each string is
1322: Computes the Sigmoidal function of input 'X'. The output is between [min, max] range and it'
1323: This function returns the vertices that are connected to 'vertex' via adjacency within all given "Faceted" objects
1324: Returns the alphabetic cell reference in Excel format based on row and collumn number . e..g A3 would
1325: Returns the binding energy of an atom with given atomic number or symbol in eV/atom . The function is case insensitive
1326: This function takes as input an object of dictionaries where each dictionary represents the transaction data, and returns another dict with symbol -
1327: This function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each column from given 3xn matrix . The result is
1328: This function takes two strings as input and returns the minimum number of operations needed to transform one string into another by using only lower
1329: This function returns the dimensions of an input list or any nested lists it contains, in order from outermost to innermost
1330: Swap the first two elements of an array.  If there are less than three items, do nothing and return original list
1331: Apply multiple transformations to the data.  The order of application is determined by list 'order'. If no transformation specified then apply
1332: Convert the given longitude/lattitde coordinate pair into tuple format – required by geojson library to store
1333: Returns the appropriate colored value based on whether or not it is positive.  If category equals to "cat", then returns red
1334: Inherit doc from class.  If the metclass doesnt have an init method then it just returns itself else if there
1335: Get parameter value from either command line arguments or configuration file based on the given name .  If not found then return default if
1336: Format the doc string of python function or method by replacing tabs with four spaces and multiple consecutive whitespaces to one space, then
1337: This function filters out the common English language停用词 from input list of strings .  It does so by checking each string
1338: Checks if the input is canonical RISTRETTO hash. This function checks whether or not an arbitrary byte sequence can represent
1339: A function that returns "fb" if the number is divisible by both `b` and/or ‘f’
1340: Convert the given configuration parameter to uppercase if it starts with specified programming languages – e..g., 'JAVA
1341: Check if the given tags contain specific key/ value pair – returns true or false accordingly . If no match is found return
1342: Convert an IP Address to reverse DNS format . 1984 -> "3076" , www =>
1343: Checks if the input number or string can be read same way inwards and outards.  Returns true when it'
1344: Removes new lines from the given string, replacing them with spaces if they exist – used to clean up text data before
1345: Extracts the bearers' access tokens from an authorization header string in HTTP requests using Beared Token Aut
1346: Calculates the difference between two Julian dates in seconds. The first date is considered to be midnight on January of that year
1347: A simple Python implementation that combines two lists using the provided Combination Function .  It uses assert to ensure inputs are valid before
1348: This function formats time in seconds into minutes and hours. If the input is less than one hour it returns as plain text otherwise
1349: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1350: Format the output of an object as string. 	Inputs : Unit Object, Output -> String formatting with name
1351: Creates the fiedlmann line between two points. The function takes as input an array of three elements representing one end
1352: Filter AWS specific header names to be prefixed with 'X' and replaced by the mock value of that name – e
1353: Extract the number of an Epoch from Checkpoints Name  Inputs : String . Output -> Integer or Null if
1354: A function to return the slot number of an event. The input is datetime in seconds and Band name . Returns -9
1355: This function takes an object with the key "stream" and returns its value as string if it exists, otherwise empty strings is
1356: Removes all numbers from the input string 'TEXT'.  This function is used to clean up data before processing it in other
1357: Removes the i'th segment of an array using alpha spline interpolation.  The result is computed by linear combination
1358: Get parameters from the given document, if present else return original text . --> Parameters are defined as lines that
1359: Get the value of an XML string by matching against specific nodes in it using regular expressions – one line function to do that
1360: This function splits the input string into substrings separated by commas and returns them as list of strings . If there is
1361: Generates SQL query with given conditions. This function is used to generate the final SELECT statement that will be executed on
1362: Checks if the input is an integer. If it's not, returns False; otherwise True . 	Input :
1363: Generates an array of FW grid points within the specified range in 3D space .   The number and type/
1364: A function to calculate the number of ways you can pick r items from an infinite set. The order doesn't matter in
1365: Check if two colors are similar within the given percentage of each other's RGBA values . If they have identical rgb
1366: Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to number and less then cap. If no minimum value provided returns ‘cap’
1367: Returns the string representation of an IP protocol number. 1 = TCP,  6=UDP etc... . This function
1368: Calculates the maximum amount that can be earned from an investment with given parameters and constraints – including possible withdrawal of funds
1369: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This is used to determine how many times we need more memory than can be
1370: Returns true when there are less than 3 bridge virtual interfaces with the same name as provided by parameter 'name'. If yes
1371: Get configuration options based on the type of object.  Returns dictionary with keys corresponding to different configurations required by an LSL stream
1372: Create an object that contains the text of both outputs and their respective times. This function is used to create objects with
1373: Resolve the path of an API documentation file.  If it is in draft mode then return /draft/. Otherwise
1374: Get the class name from ROS message or built in types .  This function is used to convert ros data into python
1375: Create site URL based on IP and Extension parameters . e g., if you want to access the website www/localhost then pass
1376: Converts an integer to its binary representation of the specified bit string size .  For example , if you call `index
1377: Check if the given `Value` matches any of those specified by an array/list named as input argument name and return it
1378: Clean LaTeX input string to remove unwanted characters and functions like $\sqrt{}, \int_, etc., that
1379: This function pads the string 'S' with spaces on both sides to make its length equal or greater than N . If S
1380: Convert C to F. Code snippet that converts temperature in cesuis scale into farehenhite .
1381: This function adds two vectors elementwise and returns the result as another vector."  [...]"The first three elements of each
1382: This function computes the hash value of string s using modulo operation. The result is an integer between ‘size’
1383: Trim whitespace from both ends of string or table values recursively – one line function definition and usage example .e
1384: Check if the function signature is valid according to its arguments and keywords specifications – only positional or mandatory parameters are allowed after
1385: Computes the mean reciprocal rank of each sample in batch .  It is used to measure how many samples are ranked
1386: Check if the variable var exists in given dictionary or not – If it doesn't exist then add an empty string to
1387: Validates if the field specified by `var` exists and not null or empty – returns an error message otherwise . If
1388: Generates sequence of randomized targets.  The number and type are the same as in rx864n but
1389: Displays an inputted string as "Question". --> --- ```python.py" in console
1390: Sorts the list of TOR names by their last digit in ascending order, ignoring any leading zeros and only
1391: Remove "http://" or 'https:/' from the start of URLs if they exist, and return only domain name
1392: Loads custom overriding values from the given list of strings into dictionary format where key is name and Value can be anything .
1393: Replace the first occurrence of '<KEY>' with given string/character within each LINE .  If it is inside
1394: Calculates the number of conditions needed to cover all possible combinations. The first condition is always true and there are no false or
1395: This function generates all possible subsequences of the given sequence list with length equal to or less than specified size and returns only those
1396: Returns the display name of an AWS Launch Configuration.  [...]" .format() function to format it into one line and
1397: Returns true if the given predicate has an "In turn repetitions" pattern; otherwise returns false with no value returned by function
1398: Transform position of figure in matplotlib.pyplot using anchor points to tikzpicture environment .  If no
1399: reverses the order of characters within each word but leaves spaces between sentences intact 	Example input -> "Hello world
1400: Returns the string 'event' followed by object type and then subscribers name. This function is used to generate event
1401: Returns the list of elements that satisfy given predicate function `condition` .  For example : [10 , -34
1402: Authentication function decorates the given callable.  If no context provided, it returns an anonymous authentication object else return decorated
1403: Calculates the area of an isosceles right triangle with bases at bottom left corner. The two smaller sides are equal
1404: Convert the input to an integer. 	Inputs : str, int or list of numbers . Output -> converted number
1405: Counts the number of occurrences per character.  The string is prefixed with '_' to avoid conflicts between different
1406: Get the list of metrics associated with each 'Subject' object within given data model and filter by provided tags – returns dictionary
1407: Defines function that checks if string can be converted to integer.  Returns True or False based on conversion success/failure
1408: Verifies the challenge request from Github's API v3, returns True if it is valid and False otherwise .
1409: A function to round the number 'x' towards zero. If it is greater than or equal with half of its nearest multiple
1410: Calculates the number of positions at which two states differ. --> Code is used to calculate and return how many
1411: A function that checks if the sequence is constructed using given set of characters.  If it's empty then returns true else
1412: Returns the thumbnails URL of an episode or clip from Blips, iTunes etc..  If no such information is available
1413: Returns the index of first non numerical character. If no such char exists return '-1'.  	Input : "Hello
1414: Create pipeline from entry to exit point with given steps  Code .   Pipeline is created by following the order of execution specified
1415: Returns the threshold value based on number of observations and limits provided by user .  If there is an observation greater than any limit
1416: Decrease the learning rate by half at every tenth iteration. This is used to prevent overfitting in deep networks
1417: This function fills the left side of an integer with zeros until it reaches 6 digits. If input is already at
1418: Defines the function to convert input into its Boolean equivalent if it exists, else returns false otherwise .  It also handles cases
1419: Check if the input is valid registration number in Singapore format using regular expression matching .  If it's invalid, return false
1420: Builds the dictionary representation of setup tools dict object to be used as package information in other modules or packages that require it .
1421: Update the database with given parameters. – Parameters : Translation string , Detected Language String & News ID . Returns
1422: This function checks if the password matches any of given tag names and returns their priority divided by 16 as an integer value
1423: Computes the square of each element and sums them up to get an intermediate value which is then squared by another function that
1424: Generates an dictionary of the inputted revenues and expenses to calculate Net Income.  If no additional inputs are provided
1425: Update the dimensionality of an existing neural network layer or its output based on user's choice in case it has been changed
1426: Processes hits from Elasticsearch to change the document based on provided arguments – obfruscates textual data
1427: Flood fill algorithm implementation with queue data structure to find connected components of the given map/grid using breadth first search approach
1428: Convert an array of rgb values to integer. The input is expected in the range [RGB_MIN..MAX].
1429: Checks if binary tree or subtree with given node as the Root Node Is Symmetrical – Return true If it
1430: A function to generate all prime numbers upto given number 'N'. It uses the SIEVE of ERATOSTH
1431: Calcula el coste del envíos basado en la distancia. El preciso valor dependerá seg�
1432: Check if the given 'str' object contains any format specifiers within it using provided dictionary of keys/values as placeholders
1433: Adam hyperparameters. 	Parameters are set as per the requirements of PyTorch's optimizer with default values and
1434: Calculates the F score of two sets. The formula used is based on harmonic mean and can be interpreted as an average between
1435: Generates the average American and European prices from an array of stock market data.  Returns two values - one per each type
1436: Checks if the inputs are valid. If they're all correct then it returns true otherwise false; else prints an error
1437: Returns the input if it’s not an empty string, otherwise returns nothing. If its argument has been passed as table then
1438: Check if the given tool exists in PATH or not . If it does exist then return True else False	. Returns whether an executable
1439: Replace the given XML tag with new values in charge of particle energy and quantum number, rounded to two decimal places."
1440: Convert the string to be more human readable and less verbose, and remove unnecessary characters from it .  For example '
1441: Calculates the Standard Devation of numbers from list .   "standard deviations" are used to measure how spread out data
1442: Fixes the intent of lines by removing extra spaces at beginning or end if they are too many . If there is no space
1443: Generates descriptive list of variations from the given parameters if they are provided else returns an empty array .  [ ]
1444: Checks if the input string represents true value. 0, yes/no and t are considered as false values in boolean
1445: Convert cammel case string to underscore separated strings – e..g "CamelsRuleTheoryTestingModuleName
1446: Returns the direction of brain screen mouse.  If none, returns 'none'.   Else if right/ temp return as
1447: Returns the nearest multiple of 'given' number that is less than or equal to given input.  If two numbers are equally
1448: Reverse the direction of DNA sequence.  If input is +, output will be -; if it’s _,
1449: Compute the luminance of an RGB color. The formula used is Y = ∑ [R, G , B].
1450: Check if the given string contains "reflection version". If yes, return true; otherwise false  . This function is used
1451: Builds the utilisation context. 	Input parameters are 'Last week', and current year'S data . Returns dictionary
1452: This function returns the filename of an output file. The parameters are metallicities and types to be used in naming files
1453: Removes all dasherized characters from the input string.  This function is used to clean up strings that have
1454: A function to convert the given string into its abbreviated form if it is not already an abbrevation of another word
1455: This function is used to print colored output in the console using ANSI escape codes if supported by your environment and terminal type
1456: Convert given number of days, hours and minutes to the equivalent amount in terms on second. Code snippet that converts
1457: A function that returns the input if it's not none. Otherwise, raises error indicating "cannot be taken" .
1458: Selects data from the accumulator based on provided selection function. If no such thing exists then it returns original value of '
1459: Flatens the given input into one dimension using recursion and returns it as an array of integers or strings if possible otherwise return
1460: Find the first element in sequence that satisfies given predicate.  If no such elements exist then return None .   Code snip
1461: Check whether string ‘S’ is subsequence of another given sequence 'T'. If yes then return YEs otherwise No
1462: Convert an ID to string representation with padding zeros on the left if necessary .   Code is used by other functions that require
1463: Compiles the given string into its equivalent number representation using base 36, where each character is represented by one of ten
1464: Multiplies the point by  matrix and returns new vector .   Matrix is represented as column major order in python list format i
1465: A function that flattens an array of strings into one string, separated by commas and spaces – e..g
1466: Extracts the key from url of places by splitting on "-" and "." respectively, then taking first part after split
1467: This function calculates the cubic of an inputted integer or float value and returns it as output . For example : if you
1468: A function that generates all prime numbers up to 'N'.  The SIEVE OF EARTH's algorithm used
1469: 返回一个字符串列表，其中包含对象的所有非空白文本内容。如果在任何
1470: Filter and Sort Log Files based on Regular Expressions – Code to filter log files by regular expressions from the given list
1471: Removes the first and last bracketed section of string if they exist in any order from inputted strings; otherwise returns
1472: Returns the input if it is 104 bytes long, else pads with zeros to make its length divisible by
1473: Convert the given 3D surface coordinate to LPS coordinates. The result is in form of list [Lon , Lat
1474: Calculates the R^² value of an independent variable. The formula is derived from linear regression analysis where r squred represents
1475: This function returns the names of Echo Oscillation Groups from an input list, if they exist within those groups
1476: Check if any of the given keyword in text.  If so return True else false .	Keyword search function that checks
1477: This function returns the forward content of an input string, which is defined as all characters after punctuation and spaces up to
1478: Checks if the first element of one list can be found at any position within another. If it does then returns true else
1479: Convert string to list of fields separated by commas in one pass through the input stream using regular expressions .  The function returns
1480: Returns the visibility of an object or method.  If it is private, internal etc.. .   if not defined then public
1481: Create an Axis object. If the type is not supported then return none else create it based on its parameters . Parameters
1482: Returns the bounds of an n dimensional spherical volume. The lower and upper limits are -9 to +8 respectively on each axis
1483: Map class to its parent.  If the given object is of type 'Class', it returns that objects's super/
1484: Parses an array of strings into ranges and returns the numbers within those arrays as sorted list, one number per line .
1485: Format dictionary list into string with each item separated by comma and curly brackets around it .  For example : {'a
1486: Calculates the carbon dioxide emissions. 1 person equals x units of CO₂ equivalent per year and sources its
1487: Check the file extension of an input string and return it if valid, otherwise returns none . If no extensions are provided then checks
1488: Computes the sum of two numbers and returns it. If one or both are negative then adds an extra bit to make them
1489: Write the given string to file with name filename and return number of characters written .  If not possible due some reason it returns
1490: Check if the given filename ends with .GZ/. gz, returns true when it's compressed and false otherwise
1491: Calculates aspect ratio of the bounding box.  The function takes as input an array representing two points defining one side length
1492: Computes the gradient of function with respect to input tensor x using Jacobian matrix method."  [...]   # Add more
1493: Appends an empty string to the end of given text. If it'll be added, then returns original if no
1494: This function checks if the patient's tacitus chardi can be diagnosed.  It takes two parameters
1495: Map tensor names to their corresponding layer and subcomponent in the transformer model, based on input name of tensors . For
1496: Check if the given URL contains only numerical characters, excluding localhost or “local” IP addresses like "http://www
1497: Processes the given dictionary of configurations and returns it if all required keys are present or an error message otherwise .  [1
1498: A function to find the square root of an integer. It uses binary search algorithm which is more efficient than linear or polynomial method
1499: Check if the given file exists.  If it does exist return true else false or raise an exception .   [e]
1500: Returns the cache key string to be used when storing shared content data in Redis or similar caching system .  The function
1501: Returns the string representation of an EquipmentItem object. If it doesn’t exist, returns " | empty |  ".  [
1502: Split the string into lines by newline character using recursion and return list of strings .  The function will keep splitting
1503: Given two tables of equal lengths as input parameters return their subtraction resultant by element wise operation .  The function asserts
1504: This function checks if two arrays are equal. If they're the same it returns 8 else return negative number of points
1505: Join two elements in the schema function format if they are tuples with ‘’ .'''
1506: Verify if the organization id exists in given list of organizations 	Parameters : List[Dict] -> Dic
1507: Compute the debt service input/output. The function takes three parameters - 'Price', and two of them are mandatory;
1508: Calculates the interval between two dates based on number of data point intervals inbetween them . If less than or equal one then
1509: Checks if the player has won by checking rows/columns or diagonals. If any of these conditions are met then
1510: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB format in Python" .'   '    Code is used as an example of
1511: Convert time in secs to readability format, e..g., '4m' or '.78d'.
1512: Determine the longest matched line from list of lines.  If there is only one result then return that single match else find
1513: Remove options from the arguments.  This function takes an argument list and removes any '--' or '-'. It returns only
1514: Returns the version of wire protocol used in an URN string, or - if not found returns null .   Inputs
1515: Returns the indices of points within 'n' units from given index with maximum distance set to be equal or less than provided argument
1516: Convert dictionary of lists to list/dict format using default dicts .  The input is the Dictionary Of Lists and returns
1517: Convert an index id to its corresponding numerical position in the list. This function is used when we have multiple lists and want find
1518: Finds the closest match of an input string to any key within keys. If no exact matches are found it raises and error
1519: This function is used to calculate the Quartics ease out. It's an easing curve that decreases exponentially over time
1520: Concatenates two names. If no arguments are provided, it will return an empty string; otherwise returns the concatenated
1521: Convert Farenheit to Kilometers per hour speed of light .  	Speed = distance/time, where
1522: Check if the input string can be converted to an integer number, return true/false accordingly  .   [1pt]
1523: Remove raw monitor and replace spaces with underscores from the given string of text to get its unique identifier in terms per second
1524: Get the driving distances from Google Maps API response  .  	Return unknown if no data available or error occurred during request
1525: Count the number of characters and digits present within string inputted by user .  If it's an alphabet character
1526: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same output but sorted by digits at start then alphabet
1527: Convert text to entity name in the format of @ENTITYNAME .  This function replaces all non alphanumeric
1528: Returns True if the point is within 3D window of origin. False otherwise . Points are represented as tuples
1529: Returns the URL of an OSM Tileset tile at given coordinates and level on WikiMedia Maps API .
1530: Returns the segment ids of each token.  The function is used to split text into chunks that fit within maximum sequence
1531: Returns the percentage difference between two prices. This function is used to calculate how much of an increase or decrease has occurred in price
1532: Find the index of non consecutive elements in an array. If no such element exists return ->None . Otherwise returns its position
1533: This function calculates the percent of one number is in another by dividing it with other and multiplying resultant value to
1534: Reads the README and returns its content .  It escapes special characters to be used safely within markdown files"
1535: This function returns the symetric difference of two lists by comparing elements from both list one after another in order to add unique
1536: This function generates pairs of features from the given list, where each pair is formed by splitting on an equals sign and adding to
1537: Normalizes the length of strings within an array. If string is longer than maximum allowed, it pads with spaces until its size
1538: Facets operator to determine the type of comparison based on query key.  1st level - exact match; second l
1539: Create an URL to Google Log Out from the current user' s session on App Engine .  The url will be used in
1540: Get all class' method names as dictionary .  [getter/ setters ]   -> return dict of the met
1541: Returns the time interval in seconds as float value based on input string, e..g., 'min' or minute returns
1542: Builds the tree of relationships between TaxIds based on their ranks from an input dictionary .  If there is no rank associated
1543: Clears the dictionary body by removing all properties not present within list of property names provided as input to function – recursive
1544: Get data from SMS. 	Parameters : sender number . Returns the last message sent by that user in an array format
1545: Merge two nested dictionary objects recursively using the same keys and values from one to another .  If there are duplicate key
1546: Calculates the output voltage of an inverting buffer element.  Inputs are input Voltage and two resistors values to calculate
1547: Clean the input strings by removing non ASCII characters using utf8 encoding and decoding process .  This is used to remove
1548: Check if the file ends with newline characters . This function checks whether given filename has any line ending character at end of
1549: This function implements the LIFO pre sequencer algorithm. It takes as input an array of data and returns its sorted version
1550: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1551: Parses the given string into an array of alternative rules based on specified separator and returns them as objects with their corresponding
1552: Return the version number without 'RC' in it if exists, else return original string  .   Code is used to get
1553: Defines the function all that checks if every element of an iterable satisfies some predicate. If it does then returns true and
1554: Mercatore projection of the given Latitude on xy plane .   The function returns value between [-1,+inf
1555: A function that returns the longest substring without repeating characters.  If all chars are unique, it will return original string
1556: Increments the version number in place by one digit at each period of digits followed directly after it and returns new string with
1557: Find disconnected sub graphs from the given graph with an edge between every pair of nodes and no node is connected to more than one
1558: Checks if the given input can be used as slugs in URLs or other strings that are alphanumeric and
1559: Generates an ancillary mask of the given size at specified position. The first and last bits are always set to zero
1560: Computes the minimum hash value needed to contain at least one of two strings.  This is used by MinHashLSH
1561: A function that taps into the execution of another.  It is similar to .map() but returns an array instead and
1562: This function generates all possible combinations of the numbers from zero to 'x' that can be formed by two variables with indices ranging
1563: Parses the given string and generates all possible combinations of names from provided list by replacing "*" with each name present within
1564: This function takes an object as its parameter and returns another dictionary with the same structure but only containing elements from http or elastic depending
1565: Convert the 3D coordinates to QuadKey. The Z level is converted into binary and then each bit represents one of
1566: Returns the remainder of each element in ‘m’ divided by 'n'. The result is an array with elements that are
1567: Get the location of an instruction.  If it's tail call, then return its parent function’ s local variable otherwise
1568: Check if the given `User` object has access to edit an organization's content or not – only supervising users
1569: Format the given value as percentage. If no argument is provided it will default to two decimals if not specified otherwise use
1570: Returns true if the current version of an application on one machine does not match with another installed in other machines .  If either
1571: This function takes two strings as input and returns the minimum number of characters to change one string into another. It does so by
1572: Get the RGBA values of an inputted Color or Ref. If it's not int/float then return
1573: Return True if the list y has more elements than number 'n'. Otherwise return False. 	Example usage : print("
1574: Find the last occurrence of ']]' in input string and return its index, if not found then returns zero . This function
1575: This function takes as input one single row of text and returns the tokens extracted from it using Python's builtin tokenization
1576: Calculates the altitude of an object given its pressure in hPa or mm Hg .   The formula used is derived
1577: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence.  The function takes as input an array/list with one string element, and
1578: Parse the first character of an encoded utf8/unicode. If it'll be unicode, return as dec
1579: Returns the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in base 'n' using variable length encoding. The function is used by
1580: Checks if the input string 'contains matches' and returns true when it finds either python, Python , PYTHON
1581: This function calculates the right abeams of an angle in degrees, taking into account that it wraps around at .
1582: Returns Alice's public key.  Code snippet to generate the corresponding private one if needed .  	Input parameters
1583: Returns the nearest word in dictionary to given target.  If "exact" is True then it returns exactly matching pair of closest
1584: Returns the percentage difference between two values or zero if they are equal . If positive returns as percentages increase/decrease
1585: Lints the given list of python file paths.  If no results to be displayed then returns an error message else it checks
1586: Replace dictionary keys with their corresponding values within the string "S". If no replacement is needed return original input else replace it
1587: Update the parameter values of neural network. This function updates W and b according to their respective gradient descent rules with respecting given
1588: Inserts the given leaf node into CSV map with specified parameters and returns true if successful else false or throws an exception .
1589: Extract the name of an Asset from its URI .  e..g, "https://example/asseth
1590: 返回一个字典，包含collection的核心属性。如果没有找到'CollectionID','Shortname,'或
1591: Returns the current state of an object at given timestep. If it is not yet reached then returns zero else return its
1592: This function returns the starting and ending index of pagination. The default values are set to be used if they're not
1593: Checks if the given identifier has exactly 41 characters. If it does, checks whether all of them are alphan
1594: Convert nested data structures to string representation using recursion and depth control .  The function will convert tables into strings of their keys
1595: Check if property name exists among the parents' properties 	Inputs : string -> Property Name , list of objects with
1596: Blank out the specified options from an option list and return it as new one with all values set to none 			.
1597: Adds the first nonempty 'Title' field to document data with id and text from provided Titels Iterable object .
1598: Calculates the area of an irregular polygon given its length and height. The formula used is that Area = Perimeters ×
1599: This function takes date of birth as input and checks if it is valid according to the given rules ie., must be exactly
1600: Decodes the given GLONASS navigation data. 	Input -> list of strings, Output = dictionary with dec
1601: Convert an array of features to string format suitable as input into the model's training data set – one per line with
1602: Calculates the luminous efficiency of an RGB color value in lumens per square meter .  The formula used is from
1603: Returns true if the given object represents memory, false otherwise – based on its type and whether it’s at root level
1604: A function to retrieve an element from the object. If no index provided it will return first or last item depending on whether we
1605: Calculates the length of encoded data required to store n bytes. This is based on how many times it takes one tooth from
1606: Check if the first four characters of string are either "www.", “ftp://” , etc. If yes
1607: Format number as string with 1 decimal place if possible and return the original value otherwise; else format it to two decim
1608: Verifies if the user' s IP address matches any of those listed as allowed from list – based on pam configuration file
1609: Returns the weight of given 'Word' in relation to other Words. This is done by dividing its frequency
1610: Check if two tables are equal. If they have the same coefficients table then return True else false."  [...]"
1611: Returns the derivative of y with respect to x at point 'z' using Euler method. 	Inputs are time
1612: This function filters out the given list of coin objects based on their symbol and returns only those which are wanted by setting them to
1613: Convert multi index to single integer. Code snippet that converts an array of multiple indexes into one scalar value using the
1614: Returns true if the given object has an attr of either normal, reggen top and templatized. Otherwise returns false in
1615: Replace all instances of "\{\{", "\}\}". This is used to denote JINJA templating language syntax
1616: This function takes an array of integers and returns the same elements but with their values flipped by multiplying them to -1
1617: Updates user's subscriptions based on their status and returns corresponding feedback message .   [...]    Code snippet
1618: Iterates over the items of dictionary in order and returns two lists with corresponding item values from both directions respectively – one list
1619: Returns the correct position of an element in array.  If negative value is passed then it calculates from end otherwise returns as
1620: Check if the action is to promote an admin user on GitHub site 	Action -> Promotes Admin User in
1621: This function takes in string input and returns the corresponding numeric value if possible; otherwise it will return as is i..g
1622: Convert an integer to its corresponding Excel column title. For example, the number '3' would be converted into "B".
1623: This function returns the date range between two dates. 	Inputs : Two datetime objects or strings in format "YY/
1624: Get the name of an object from its ID. If not found return 'None'.  Returns first occurrence's Name if
1625: Join the parts of an array into one string. If there are multiple names separated by dots then return only first two characters otherwise
1626: Remove states that are excluded from the given list of ids – excludes all but those specified by 'remove' parameter
1627: Corrects the wavelength of light in an object given its radius and temperature, using astrophysical constants from Kepler'
1628: Convert strings to times and vice versa using regular expressions . Match the input with regex pattern of hours/minutes format or
1629: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1630: Generates all possible combinations of dice rolls from the given hand. The number on each die can be any integer between one and
1631: Wraps an angle to be between [-π, +π] range. If it is outside of that interval then re
1632: A function to convert nested lists into one dimensional list using recursion – similar functionality as Python's builtin `list
1633: Decodes the FourCC value to its corresponding string representation. If input is not number, it returns original values as they are
1634: Code to get the most frequent element from list of lists – each sublists are sorted by alphabetical order and contain
1635: This function parses an integer array into string format with the following rules applied to it - if two consecutive numbers are adjacent and
1636: Remove non ASCII characters from the input phrase and return it as is or converted to lowercase if requested  .
1637: This function generates the list of drivers from provided python files names .  It returns an ordered sequence with numbers and file name as
1638: Returns true if the given `Price` object matches any of its locations.  If no match is found it returns false .
1639: Convert the given certificate string into PEM formatted.  This is useful when you want to send or store certificates over s
1640: Calculates the interconnecting value of two sets.  The values are calculated as per formula given in problem statement .
1641: Get the model's training or testing steps from its filename/directory structure . e..g, "./models/" +
1642: Reshapes the bounding boxes from format of CV's bgr to x and y coordinates.  This is used
1643: Create slugs from video titles or descriptions using regex and the title of each file in directory structure 	Example usage : "
1644: Determines the detector from source based on input parameters and returns it as output .c is used to scale up
1645: Concatenates multiple expressions separated by "||" or "\n".  Each argument is treated as an expression to be
1646: Hide the highlight on current page or frame in DOM tree of webpage/frame, if any highlighted element exists; otherwise
1647: This function takes an XML string and rounds the charge values to two decimal places, if they are not already rounded as per required
1648: A chain of data processing steps that can be applied to any input, returning the output after all are processed by each step sequ
1649: Parse the given Geometry object and return its properties. 	Inputs : A string representing an XML or JSON representation
1650: Scales the 3d vector by given factor.	Inputs : Vector and scalar value . Returns new scaled version of
1651: Computes the root of an equation using bisection method.  The function is defined in one dimension and takes initial guess
1652: Generates unique identifier based on the configuration of patients.  If no specific ids are provided then it generates one by combining
1653: 检查多边形是否与x轴相交。如果有多个点在同一侧，则返回True
1654: Returns an object with the name and type of each command line parameter as key value pairs where keys are indices starting from 0
1655: Encodes an individual's genotype.  If the input is not '-', it checks whether that variant exists as
1656: Calculates the total value of an investment portfolio. 	Inputs : Assets and Liabilites as well Intangular
1657: This function takes two parameters and returns the next valid date. If given an invalid input it will return current day of that specific
1658: A generator that filters an input sequence based on the result of applying some function to each element and passing it through another filter/
1659: This function rounds the given number to specified decimal places. It also handles percentages by converting them into their equivalent in percentage form
1660: Convert number from any given numeral system to decimal form using the reverse method .  The function takes two arguments - an array
1661: This function takes in the name of an astrophysical source and returns its parameters.  It uses different models to estimate these
1662: Defines function to check if an object can be considered numerically .  It checks the type of input , whether it’
1663: Generates the filename of proteins file based on input or default value if not provided  .   [10pts]
1664: Create an exception when unable or insufficient permissions are given.   .    } else { return new Error("File not found
1665: Create an Operation object.  Takes three parameters - information about the request and two identifiers of resources that are involved with
1666: Limited execution time of function calls in python 3+ . Limits the duration that your program can run before it throws an
1667: Checks if the given dictionary contains only integer and string keys/values pairs which are considered legacy data format of SORDAL
1668: Loads CAPCODES from the specified filename and returns them filtered into dictionary format with codes mapped to descriptions . The function also
1669: Conductitivity to tangent delta function converter – converts the given condutivities into their equivalent in terms of
1670: Returns the role of user in connection. 	Inputs -> conn : Connection object and Info dictionary with keys "user
1671: Format datetime in JS style, remove "-" and convert to 3 digits year format if necessary; return formatted string or
1672: This function takes an array of arguments, checks if the first argument is --excluder or -x then it will add
1673: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1674: This function checks if the filename contains any of certain characters that are not allowed and replaces them with dashes (-). If
1675: Returns the DOI of an object if it is active, otherwise returns None – [DOIs] are used to identify
1676: Compute the Bell number of an integer. The function takes one argument which is to compute its corresponding value from "Bell
1677: Counts the frequency of each unique alphanumeric string found within given input .  It ignores punctuation and case
1678: Find the lengths of unique strings.  Returns dictionary with length as key and count/frequency to be used later on .
1679: This function returns the coordinates of all squares that are neighbours to given point with respect its grid size . The points returned by
1680: Convert bytes to humans readable format. For example convert B into byte and KIBI INTO KB etc... . The function
1681: This function generates the HTML needed to use h.five by babel and polyfill in Internet Explorer, using different classes
1682: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1683: This function partitions the work among workers by dividing it into chunks of equal size and assigning each worker to an interval
1684: Calculates the return on investment.	Input parameters are price and selling prices of bonds or other investments . Returns an estimate in
1685: Decodes the file size from two parts. If both are zero then returns 'zero'. Otherwise it converts them into bytes
1686: Returns the largest possible number that can be formed by repeating digits of input. For example, if you pass in '3
1687: Counts the number of letters present within given string/text input"  .   [END] Code : return
1688: return the number of dimensions in an RC combination. The function takes one argument k, which is used to calculate two constants and
1689: Create Slacker Markup object. 	Inputs : Text to be converted into mark up . Output -> A dictionary
1690: Computes the next value of Eulers method.  Given initial conditions and step size compute current state at time 'dt
1691: Parses the geographical information from an XML file and returns it as dictionary format . ... ..
1692: Drop default values from the input dictionary based on provided models' keys/values pairs – if key exists but value does not
1693: This function cleans the string by replacing HTML entities with their corresponding characters, which is useful when dealing directly in web scraping tasks
1694: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1695: Generates statistics about the number of tasks requested by users from given list/array ‘Contributors’ .   Cont
1696: Determines if the inputted date in correct format or incorrectly formatted .  Returns True when correctly formated else returns false
1697: Convert an integer to RGB color. The input is the value of one byte in hexadecimal format which represents red ,
1698: Returns the list of all prime numbers up to 'N' that are divisors in number N . For example, if
1699: Converts the list of score to labels based on class names and their respective weights . The function returns an ordered dictionary with
1700: Calculates the saturating fraction of an input value. The function takes as inputs two values and returns one output which is between
1701: Creates an URL friendly string from the input text by replacing special characters with underscores and removing trailing or leading whites
1702: Remove the specified string from start of inputted strings in list or single element 	Inputs : List/Single String Output
1703: Checks if the given string is present as prefix of any word from dictionary.  Returns True or False accordingly .
1704: Reads an ICP file and returns the number of vertices/edges.  If no filename provided it will return default
1705: Convert RA degrees to hours and minutes in string representation with seconds precision upto milli second . e..g., convert from
1706: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1707: “Set default resistance”. .	.   .....    ......     ...     ` ```python3```def
1708: Calculates the Balanced Accuracy Score.  It is used to measure accuracy of binary classification models by taking into
1709: Extracting the version from git repository using python's subprocess module to run 'show revison'. This function will return
1710: Implemented bubble sort algorithm with single step on one side of the list and multiple steps to be performed simultaneously across all elements
1711: Builds an Attribute Set from Items.  The result is unique and contains all the distinct values of given attributes on
1712: Implements the Runge Kutta method to solve differential equations with arbitrary functions as input and output parameters .  The function
1713: Returns the integer value of an assembly instruction's directive or operand, if it is one; otherwise raises exception .
1714: Counts the lines in an input text files that contain at least one nonempty string of characters from standard inputs or outputs .
1715: Defines the function to greet someone by their names in different languages – default is English, but can also accept other language
1716: A function to limit the value within specified range. – [1 line] . e g., min=0 ,max
1717: A function to convert Djangos User object into string representation .  If the user is anonymous, returns "Anonymous
1718: Normalizes line endinngs in the given input text to either CRLF or LFC depending on whether an E
1719: This function reverses the input string. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Returns reverse of given String
1720: Removes escape sequences from the string '%.{varname}' in python 3 . The replacement is done using environment variables
1721: Defines and returns an array of numbers from start to end with the given increment/step size using NUMPY'
1722: Convert pandas data type to equivalent Postgresql datatype.  If not found return text .   Mapping from
1723: Get all python expressions from the given list of trees using xPath expression and namespace information provided as parameters to function – returns
1724: Constrains the input to be within specified range.  If outside of that it returns its own minimum or maximum values respectively
1725: This function returns the dictionary of parameters required to create and manage legends.  The returned object can be used with other functions
1726: Split schema object into qualifier & name parts  Code is used to extract the namespace from an FQN or just
1727: Generates Foreign Key Constraints in Django models based upon the given parameters – Table Name and Related name .
1728: Find all occurrences of the given 'substring' within another provided inputted as an array or list . The function
1729: Preprocessing data. 	Inputs : Data to be processed , Fill value and Maximum Value of the dataset .
1730: Get the process identifier based on python command line arguments . e..g., if you run your script with -m myscript
1731: This function splits the input string into separate labels based on whitespace characters in Python 3 version of Labeled Data Process
1732: Removes consecutive pairs from the list of playing CARDs .  It keeps only one pair if they are different and removes
1733: Convert an integer to its corresponding Morse Code equivalent.  For example, convert '6' into '.----.' or vice
1734: Convert list of commands to string.  If more than one is provided it will be joined by semicolon separated values .
1735: This function returns the frequency of each unique element present within an input list and optionally it can be normalized to give relative frequencies
1736: Get the parameters needed to run tests on given number of instances in Sharded Testing mode .   [Optional] If there
1737: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'fact' reaches one and returns
1738: Returns the difference between two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats and one integer/float coefficient .
1739: Check if the given string ends with '.'  Code : checks whether or no,the file extension of provided filename . Returns
1740: Convert CCDID and QIDS to RIDs. This function is used in the creation of new records on an existing
1741: This function scales an input value from one range to another. It uses the formula of scaling and offsets given by two ranges
1742: Defines the class and its methods to interact with an object of type "Properties" .  It is used as decorator
1743: This function implements the side effect of a given signal on an array using some scaling factor and offsets as input parameters; it
1744: Move the given 'Unit' from its current location to another.  The function returns updated list of Units and their new positions
1745: Returns the error in terms of an integer value.  The function calculates and returns either positive or negative differences between two values
1746: Convert an integer to Roman numerals.  For example convert the number "3" into its equivalent of arabic representation
1747: This function calculates the maximum value of an element by considering only right and down movements. It uses dynamic programming to solve it
1748: Increases the parameter closer to its desired value. If it's already at that point then stays there; otherwise increases by
1749: Calculates and returns how much of an expansion is happening in one unit length at constant temperature using Grassmann number density as
1750: Determine if the given data is safe to use as an alternative temperature/humidity sensor input based on certain threash
1751: Convert edge list into dictionary format where each key is the source node and value of that particular keys are lists containing all possible relations
1752: Calculates the minimum of two numbers. 	Inputs : balance and Payment amount . Returns Minimum between Balance
1753: returns the clustering ordering of probes based on their distance to each other and tracer pairs .   [END OF
1754: Substracts two dictionary values by key and returns the resulting new Dictionary."  [...]"   Code is used to subt
1755: This python script defines the method to remove all instances of '@@' from an array and replace them by their corresponding indexed
1756: Returns the right justified version of string.  If length is less than argument then it will add spaces at beginning to make its
1757: This function calculates the horizontal position and then multiplies it by vertical distance. It uses forward movement to move horizont
1758: Convert Binary to Hexadecimal. 1 byte=8 bits, convert the given input into hex format .
1759: This function splits the input string into individual symbols and then joins them back together with spaces between each symbol, similar to how
1760: Generates the URL of MANGAPANDA or MANGASEEONLINK based on input parameters – Website and
1761: Count the number of times an element appears at its end.  Code is used to count how many elements are equal with another
1762: Parses the input string into an array of tag names, one per line; returns empty if no such thing exists or
1763: Filter out the JVM flags that are not needed or redundant with other ones present on your system – these will be
1764: Remove all spaces from the description of an issue or pull request in GitHub's UI 	Description : remove white space
1765: Convert the given input into list of strings using provided separator as tokenizer 	Inputs : String and Delimiters
1766: This function calculates the pay after applying taxes.  It takes year of income and percentage as input parameters to determine how much
1767: Returns the first element of `seq` that satisfies given predicate or raises an exception if no such elements exist .  If more
1768: Filter dictionary keys.  Returns new dict with only the specified allowed key/value pairs from inputted one .   e..
1769: Replace all instances of the string "None" with actual values from nested dictionaries or lists if they exist; otherwise leave
1770: This function breaks up the input string into multiple strings of maximum length specified by "after" parameter until it reaches an empty space
1771: Bitwise NOT operation on n with specified number of bits . e..g., if we have an integer 'num' and
1772: Returns the length of longest title and its corresponding values from content list .'s dictionary items"   }}}}}}'.format
1773: This function checks if the filename of an input file has .NWK extension and returns True or False accordingly based on that
1774: Create an XPath expression.  If the given path is empty then return its own string representation else append it with '.'
1775: Clean up the list of links by removing any that are not related to our current project or have been updated more than 7
1776: Code to convert tokens into integers; used by trainer/evaluator classes as part of preprocessing steps before training /
1777: This function checks if the first operator is higher in precedance than second. If it's true then returns True else False
1778: Compare two observations. If the noise difference is larger than specified 'margin' then return false; if features are different it returns
1779: This function returns the given string with an added level of depth by adding spaces to each newline character within it."  [
1780: Add command line argument parser with sub commands and flags .   [Optional Arguments] : env , help - description:. Register
1781: Left aligns single gates of the given quantum register index list to their previous Gate' s Quit Register Index List . If
1782: Returns the fully qualified path to file with given extension in directory specified by 'name' within current working dir of python interpreter
1783: Computes the average of scores excluding those that have been lost or eliminated from olympics .  The function takes
1784: Convert an array of three integers between 0 and  64, inclusive to hexadecimal.', convert the given
1785: This function takes an FQDN and returns the domain part of it if present, otherwise return original string .  If
1786: Convert the given input to bytes. If it's already in range [bytes], return as such; if not convert and
1787: Create or update mapping from one type to another  Code snippet used by the user with some example inputs and outputs .
1788: Calculates the cooperative scores of all given methods. ... .. :param procedur[...]](https
1789: Calculates the velocity of an object at its peak speed. 	Inputs : Final Velocities , Acceleration
1790: Replace {variable name in curly braces with variable value}.  This function replacestringwithcurliesby
1791: Returns the value of next in order traversal, ie., rightmost child or parent's left most descendant
1792: Calculates the transaction's total cost based on its amount in/ out. The function takes two parameters - how many transactions
1793: Convert an integer to Base_X. Code is already implemented in Python language using builtin functions . The function takes two parameters
1794: Returns the comparison result between two strings based on their lengths. If they are equal in length then it compares them lexic
1795: Extracts sentence pairs from the given list of conversational data .   The function returns all possible combinations between two sentences within
1796: Normalizes the input to be either string path of dictionary with Path key if it can handle multiple inputs else returns itself as its
1797: Convert an integer into its signed representation. If the number is positive, return it as normal; if negative then subtract from
1798: Convert file name to Windows format if it's in POSIX style, otherwise return the original string as on Linux systems
1799: Create an object with the given parameters.  The returned dictionary contains information about what type of data it represents and its value range
1800: Convert input to integer or return as List if it's not an Integer but can be converted into one using the function `
1801: Calculates the epsilon value. The difference between sample and parent is divided by their respective values to get an estimate of how
1802: Split the input string into groups of characters separated by brackets/pipe symbols, but only when they are balanced with respect
1803: Generates warning string when bandwith limits are too narrow and not at least equal with frequencies's resulution .
1804: Get MAC address from the given query string, if it exists; otherwise raise an exception  Code snippet : #Get
1805: Check if the player has won. 480 points   Code length :67 chars .    Points on
1806: Generates an index of images by their names.  The output is dictionary with the name as key and file path to corresponding
1807: Define the available font style options.  This is used to select which fonts are applied when generating text in HTML documents
1808: A function to fetch HTML content from the given URL using curl command in python .  It returns html string if available else it
1809: This function takes two parameters - the original header dictionary and an OAuth 1 token which is used to authenticated requests on
1810: Convert the given integer to an English word. If it is divisible by three, return "pling". if divided evenly
1811: Remove the last exlamtion mark from string. If there is no such character, return original input as it's not
1812: Returns the length of document tokens .  Code is used to get total number or characters present inside doc object which contains list/
1813: Returns the nut category based on year.  If given an input of "current" it will return current nuts categories, else
1814: Create an STOMP subscription to the given topic/topics and return it as string formatting command if inputted topics
1815: Divide two numbers. 	Inputs : Value and the number to be divided by . Returns -> The result of
1816: Returns the column after it. If at last, return an empty string "" .  For example : if input is A ,
1817: This function takes as input the list of reports and returns them formatted into one string.  The output is separated by commas
1818: A simple function that returns the string "Hello, world!".  This is just an example of how to create functions in
1819: This function removes all numbers from the inputted strings, if they exist in it .  It raises an error when no argument
1820: Convert the input to uppercase and return only initials of authors' names in brackets if available; otherwise returns full name
1821: Returns whether the given universal part of speech has base form.  If it does not have any specific forms or if its pos
1822: Check if two dictionaries are equal recursively – one dictionary to another and compare them using the same keys only . If
1823: Convert string to boolean value, True if the input is yes/no strings; False otherwise 	Inputs : String -
1824: Generates command line arguments to create sections of files based on the sizes specified by 'AlignSizer' object or list
1825: Convert bytes to human readable format using KB, MB or GB as suffixes and round the number upto one decimal place
1826: Returns dictionary of metrics from the metric list with step values and their corresponding indices .   [ ]'s are ignored if they
1827: Calculates the cost of painting.  Inputs are content and style costs as well an array with parameters to calculate price per
1828: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1829: Convert an object into its value representation as if it were stored on the stack of memory .  If input was not provided or
1830: Compute the intersection of two boxes. 	Inputs : Two Boxes as list [xmin , ymax ]
1831: This function takes an array of strings and returns the first 19 characters from each string followed by ... if it'll
1832: Adjacent tokens are within the same sentence or adjacent to each other but not overlapping with it .  If they overlap
1833: Extracts the first paragraph of an article' s Abstract from its metadata and returns it as text if available, else return
1834: Calculates the energy of an object with given mass and volume in kg/m^3 .	Inputs : Mass m
1835: Compare two values of different types. If they are numbers then it compares them numerically; if the first is string than
1836: This function calculates the Sensitivities and Specificites of binary classification model.  It takes two lists as
1837: This function reads the evidence from one line of output produced by an experiment and returns it as floating point number . If no such
1838: Resolve references to the JSON Schema definitions or schemas referenced by $refs within an object/data structure
1839: Identify the format of inputted resources, either paragraph or document based on their properties and return string representation indicating what kind they
1840: A function that splits an Reverse Polish Notation expression into its constituent parts by applying the rules of splitting
1841: Check if the given input can be converted to float number format – returns True/False . If it's possible,
1842: A function that returns the element of an array based on birth year.  } .   Inputs : Birth Year, Output
1843: Create an array of strings from the input list. This function takes as its argument one element e, and returns [
1844: Check if the given string starts with "HTTP" protocol in URL format .  Returns True/False based on it being either
1845: Get an element from nested dictionary or lists using given paths. If function provided then apply it to that value before returning result else
1846: Returns the number of given term in terms or throws an error if it is unknown . Parameters : Quartername as
1847: Convert list of command line parameters into string representation.  If the number is one, returns "Command". Else if it
1848: Calculates the amount of rainfall that has fallen since last year. If no data available return 'None'.  Otherwise returns
1849: Check if an argument of function call has to do with constant integer numbers only .  If it's none then raise error
1850: This function calculates the square root of an input number using Bakhtiari's method. It uses ‘
1851: Convert the given input to HTML formatting using escape sequences and replace newline characters with <BR/>  tags, remove colored
1852: Returns the total of all multiples up to limit that are divisible by either three, five ,or both . For example
1853: Get process identifier.	Args : list of strings, return string with joined arguments separated by underscore (_). This
1854: This function takes in list of threashold values and returns dictionary where each key is an index value, the corresponding element
1855: This function calculates the weight of an Alpha release in terms on how much it is affected by time since its creation or
1856: A function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The number is calculated by multiplying all positive integers less than or equal
1857: Converts tabs to specified number of space characters per tab stop." \n" Code is used as an example function
1858: This function converts time from integer to string format with hours/minutes notation . It also handles negative numbers correctly by taking
1859: Join two paths together using the forward and backward traversal of directories in Unix/Linux style pathnames – /
1860: This function takes two lists of numbers and returns the difference between each corresponding pair from these list as another number .  For example
1861: This function cleans the input string by removing all non alphanumeric characters and underscores (_).  It is used
1862: This function calculates the distances travelled by owling each time interval based on an array of owl data entries sorted first
1863: Get direct property of an object.  If the attribute does not exist it will return None .   Fields are separated by
1864: Adds brackets around the string if it doesn't already have them, but only when necessary to ensure that there are
1865: Return True if the string contains only ASCII characters, False otherwise .  If not all of them are as well they will
1866: Check if the direction of two hands is consistent.  If not return false else true . This function takes three arguments -
1867: Convert matrix to skew symmetric.  This function takes as input an n byn array and returns the same output with its
1868: Compresses the specified directory into .TGZ format.  The compressed file will be saved in same location as original
1869: Solves the function using Newton' method with derivative check and optional iteration control  .   [...]    if abs((x
1870: Returns the SkyServer URL to explore an object with given SDSS Object ID .  e..g., sky server url of
1871: Replace all occurrences of keys from the dictionary with their corresponding values within string 'S'.  The order is preserved
1872: Returns the type of event that should be triggered based on player's move to coordinates.  If there is no specific location
1873: 1. Create an empty list to store the results of each test case in . Check if input parameter 'month' exists
1874: Convert the given coordinates to WKT format.  The polygon is defined by two points in clockwise order and extends from
1875: Returns the type of column.  Ignored parameter is used to ignore columns that are not needed in some cases like 'created
1876: Convert the input string into two lists of tuples where each tuple contains an integer and its corresponding letter from A to B
1877: Checks if the given tensor or module has trainability information .  If it does, returns whether its Trainablity status
1878: Get the magic method of an object by its string representation .getMagics first letter as prefixes are ignored if they exist
1879: Convert fractional part of the time to seconds, taking into account that there are eight six hours in one second and two days
1880: Check if the given function is an instance of Attribute. If it's not then convert to one and return as string
1881: A function that tries to execute the given functions and handles exceptions. If an exception occurs it will retry with another one until
1882: Create an SQL query string based on the provided parameters.  If 'None' exists as value then return empty or no result
1883: Implement the Longest Incrementing Subsequences algorithm. This function takes an array of integers and returns its largest increasing
1884: Convert the given time string into Unix Timestamp format using Python's builtin functions and regular expressions . If input isn
1885: Check if the input is in valid geographic coordinates format (-∞ to ±π). If not return false else
1886: This function checks if all input parameters meet certain conditions.  It returns false when any condition is violated; otherwise it will
1887: Update nested dictionary values using the given 'update' function and return updated collection or value at specified paths in case of success;
1888: Parses string to boolean. If the input is true/yes return `True` else if it's false /
1889: This function rounds the number to nearest integer if it is halfway between two integers, otherwise returns an intger value as given
1890: Calculates the total amount of people on and off each stop.  Code is used to calculate how many passengers are currently board
1891: Counts the number of files that are done/not started downloading from fs list if specified else counts total tasks to be downloaded
1892: Compute one dimensional azimuthal angle of an ellipsoid in spherical coordinates using Campbell' method . The function
1893: Map the input to one of several possible outputs based on dictionary mapping rules defined by user . 	Input is case insensitive
1894: This function takes two lists as input and returns an new combined sorted version of the first one followed by second on same index position
1895: This function returns the sender and subject of an incoming mail.  The input is expected to be in form {"from": "
1896: Generates data frame with random values. 10 rows x N columns where R represents row and C is column number in
1897: This function returns the K' th smallest number from an array of numbers using Max Heaps data structure to find it efficiently and
1898: Converts the given string of binary codes into corresponding ASCII text.  The input is dictionary mapping each bit to its
1899: Get the ID part of an URL from VK links, based on its type (. . v k.) 	.  4
1900: Wrap JavaScript in <Script />  tag.  This is used to make the JS file load asynchronously, and
1901: A recursive function to replace all occurrences of an 'Old' substring with the next occurrence after another string "
1902: Create JSON message. 	Inputs : event and Content to create json object with the given inputs	. Returns -> A
1903: Get the size of an object in bytes. If it's none, return null . Otherwise convert to MB and round up
1904: Returns the list of records at specified level in nested table structure – recursive function to navigate through tables and return all values
1905: Convert the number to reverse and remove all non numeric characters then convert it back into an integer . ...
1906: Code that spawns multiple processes to execute an interpreter function on different parts of the input data, with multiplexed results
1907: Map coordinates to quads. 0 is mapped as '.' and any other number maps the corresponding quad in hexadec
1908: This function takes an array of carriers and returns the corresponding links to their respective Airports .  It also converts all
1909: Calculation of the future value after n years with given annual compound interest rate and saving amount per year .   "    """
1910: Calculates the curvature of an ellipse.  The function takes four parameters and returns one value which is calculated as per
1911: Complete the missing part of GitHub URLs with '/'.  If it is already completed, return as given else add '.
1912: Convert an input time duration to millseconds. If the last character is 'M', convert minutes, if it'is not
1913: Watson Cricket game scoring system based on DNA sequence pairs .   ## Code to calculate score of the given pair in cr
1914: Mask and Shift Set. 	Inputs are three parameters - value to be shifted/modified , the bit
1915: Checks if an object can be treated as array like.  If it has shape, dtype or __array___ methods
1916: Count the number of characters present within string ''.  This function will return an integer value representing length/number or character counts
1917: Checks if the given input matches any of two possible endings in terms that are partials names based on their length difference
1918: This function returns the truncated time in minutes from an object's timestamp or other inputted value, which is assumed to
1919: Convert bytes to human readable format. 	Example usage : size = 36789; print('Size is
1920: Adds two matrices element wise and returns the resultant matrix .  The function takes as input x &y which are to
1921: Calculates the change in energy flux from one state to another. It uses an approximation of Delta EF using linear interpol
1922: Assure that all elements of the input are lists with equal length. If not - return original data as it was received but
1923: Return the sequence number of an object in memory. This is used to identify objects that have been created on different machines
1924: Delete characters from the given strings – one by oneline version of python's builtin replace function . Replace all
1925: Returns the list of unlabeled files in given clustering object if it exists, else returns None  .   [1pt
1926: Returns the peer link of an object if it exists, else returns "No Peel Link".  [...]" .
1927: Check if an object exists within the given 'obj' inside any of its sublists.  If it does exist return true
1928: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1929: Find the set points of terms with given variable name within an array list – sorted ascendingly .   [ ] -
1930: This function returns an example message. (END SUMMARY.)  ```python ``` [ ] Code : Returns '
1931: This function returns the number of steps to reach from one point in relation with another. It is used by an algorithm that uses
1932: This function pads the given string with specified symbol. If it is not enough to fill all spaces in maximum length then only p
1933: Map function to tuples.  Takes two lists of equal length and applies the given mapping operation on corresponding elements in
1934: Calculates the speed coefficient of an object given its mass and maximum possible force it can bear in one turn or flight cycle .
1935: Calculates the RPM of an object. The formula is count/nb readings per second and then multiplying by sixty
1936: Apply function to AST helper that recursively applies the given functions on nested structures of an Abstract Syntax Tree . --
1937: Return the right side of an object as dictionary if it's possible else return None 	Type : Function/Method .
1938: Returns the set of all elements in any number or combination queries, using "UNION" operation to combine results from multiple SELECT
1939: Get recommended simplifications parameters based on the length of warnings in bytes . Parameters are set as per guidelines provided by Simplicity
1940: Create an error response. 	Inputs : Description of the Error . Returns JSON object with status as 'Error' and
1941: A function to calculate the minimum number of moves required by knights. The input is two coordinates on an n*n che
1942: Convert the given file name to its appropriate .extension format if it is not already there, otherwise return as provided without any change
1943: This function takes in the text of an HTML document and returns it as is. It does not perform any operations on its input
1944: Returns the top n records from table 'table_name' in SQL Server database using LIMIT clause – Parameters : query
1945: This function takes an array of artists and returns their names formatted as one string. If the list is empty it will return nothing
1946: Returns the dictionary itself. 	Inputs : dict, Output -> Dict .  10 points to be scored
1947: Compresses the given character sequence by replacing repeated characters with their count followed immediately after them in form like 3a -
1948: Convert all the letters of each word to upper case, but keep underscore as is and return capitalized first letter only if
1949: Filter output fields.  Returns list of dictionaries with only the specified keys from each dictionary within inputted configuration lists/diction
1950: This function filters the input list based on provided predicate and separates them into two lists - one with elements that satisfy given condition
1951: A class that provides methods to interact with the underlying data source of an object in order not only retrieve and store objects but also
1952: Returns the string representation of an iterable's current position out to its maximum possible value.  For example '1/
1953: Convert string into SponGEBOb case format by alternating between upper/lowercase as per the index of each
1954: Convert weight from grams to kilograms. Example usage : print("Weight in Kg is ", ... ) .'
1955: A helper function to retrieve an element from the object using its index in case it's not of type tensor or cpu
1956: Returns the data from DPA. Passes it to next function in chain if validated by any of its components
1957: This function returns the database name with given prefix and .SQLITE extension 	Example usage :get\_database('test')
1958: Multiplies the given matrix by vector in three dimensions. The result is another dimension of size one x n where each element corresponds
1959: Returns the smallest element in t, or None if no elements are present . 	Inputs : list of numbers/flo
1960: Returns the query field name by concatenating dictionary's key with an underscore and replacing dot in nested fields to double under
1961: A function that returns the result of calling 'f' with its arguments processed by applying some transformation to it. The results are
1962: Return the escaped version of input string, replacing backticks with double ticks if it is present in given argument
1963: A simple implementation of an abstract syntax tree node that represents the 'const' keyword in python programming language – it has no
1964: Remove newline characters from the input string 	Inputs : Text to be processed . Output - Transformed String without New
1965: If the previous winner runner up is equal to current player's name, return “1”. Otherwise returns "No
1966: Removes all whitespaces from the input string – similar to strip() but without using any third party libraries or builtin
1967: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two sets or vectors using Pythagoras theorem .   [...]'s input
1968: Convert Python values into equivalent SQL syntax in the context of Apache Arrow DataFrame API using presto dialects .  This
1969: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
1970: This function moves the robot down by one row. If it reaches last line of matrix then returns none else return new position as
1971: This function takes as input the URL of Google Drive file and returns its download link on google drive .  It is used by
1972: Normalizes the variable types in an expression tree to be consistent with Python syntax and semantics, ie., voids are
1973: Checks if the given string matches any of Python builtin names. 1/3rds native reference types in python
1974: Returns the value of status in dictionary 'finish' if it exists else returns default values as defined by function parameters .
1975: Returns the color name based on an integer input.  Input is assumed to be between [4] and [-6].
1976: Convert 4D point cloud to D dimensions coordinates using the given heights as weights of each dimension .   [pt] -
1977: Count the number of jumps needed to get from start position till end. The array contains positive and negative numbers as well which
1978: Checks if the current environment supports interactive mode in Jupyter notebook or not, returns true/false accordingly
1979: Removes invalid characters from the inputted resource name to prevent errors or conflicts with other resources in AWS .  This function is
1980: Creates an archive command line to compress the given file or directory using specified method and options – one of 'zip',
1981: This function replaces special characters in the path with underscores to make it safe as file or directory name on different operating
1982: This function calculates the power transfer efficiency of an electrical motor given its resistance values and voltage value at which it operates under specified
1983: Prints the elements of each sub lists. Each element is separated by space and new line if there are more than one row
1984: Returns the Method Resolution Order of an object or its superclasses/subinterfaces if it’re defined; otherwise returns
1985: Defines and prints the function 'simple one argument default' with an optional parameter. If no arguments are passed, it defaults
1986: Convert string to bool, if possible else return false – convert the given input into an appropriate Boolean type in Python . If
1987: Calculates the Fuzzy Score of Two Features.  The score is calculated as difference between two features divided by total
1988: This function takes as input an error log message and returns the list of all numbers found within it, replacing them with their word
1989: Import string as python object and return the value of its attribute or method if it exists; otherwise raise an exception – Code
1990: Checks if the given input can be converted to tertiary notation, ie., it contains exactly 3 dig
1991: Get the id of an inputted string or keyword from its dictionary mapping .  If it is case insensitive and if there
1992: This function generates all the Pythaegorian triplates up to 'N'. It returns these as list of lists
1993: Returns the character at position 'n' in the ASCII table. If no such index exists, it returns an error message
1994: This function sorts the list of dicoms by their type nifit and rearranges them to be at first position if
1995: If the user has used bonus points. --> Return true if they have enough to claim reward; otherwise return false
1996: Defines the function to return string 'rev'erses. It takes one argument of type str and returns its value as
1997: Parses date/time value and returns it as an integer if possible; otherwise tries to interpret the string in different ways
1998: Extract the name of an optional 'one line commentary'.  This function will return either None or / r . followed
1999: Convert an array of orders to degrees. This function subtracts one from each element in the input list and returns it as
2000: Calculates the reward based on actions taken by an agent to achieve certain goals or objectives . The more frequently it takes action towards
2001: Convert string to boolean, with support of 'Y', ‘Yes’ ,'YeS','No'/,'Fa
2002: Implemented Fiboancc search algorithm.  The function takes two parameters; the number to be found and an
2003: Create skeletons of functions based on the given generator function' .  -> Code : Generates an object that can
2004: Calculates the weight of one cup or teaspoon's liquid content based on given recipes and totals available liquids
2005: Calculates the average of numbers. – Code is used to calculate and return an array's arithmetic means, which
2006: Return the part of string that follows an equals sign if it exists; otherwise return None – Code snippet to be
2007: Get the wire version from an URN string, return None if not found or invalid formatting of WIRE_
2008: Create an extension dictionary. 		  			    .eoc	 				     eoC	.ec o C c t
2009: Returns the differences between two distributions as dictionary of keys and values . e..g., {'a':1,'b' :
2010: Clean the input data by removing all non alphanumeric characters and spaces from it if its string or lists of strings .
2011: A function to return the string "breakfast".  It takes two parameters, defaulting them if not provided. The first
2012: Get the URL of an OS image from JSON object if it exists, else return none .  If architecture is missing then check
2013: This function is used to invoke AWS Lambda functions in the cloud using Python' builtin libraries and SDK .
2014: Returns the homogeneous coordinates of point in three dimensions. The function takes as input an array representing one dimension coordinate vector and returns another
2015: This function checks if the input variable "var" contains word easter. If it does then returns negative of that value else
2016: Insert the rectangle at position.  Returns new coordinates of inserted object in form 'dx',dy' . e..g
2017: Remove the file extension from given string and return new name with no suffix .extension 	Example usage :strip("testfile
2018: Calculates the Zero Point Linear Score Coefficient.  The function takes four parameters and returns one value - zero
2019: Returns the value of 'default' if both dictionaries do NOT have that specific element in their keys; otherwise it returns from
2020: Returns the appropriate string to use as input in TensorFlow's tf.train API based on whether we are using
2021: Import the specified Python object as if it were defined in its own module or package .  If successful returns an instance of that
2022: Output the header line with tabulation and key name in formatting according to given parameters – tabs is number or string indicating
2023: Parses an SVG hexadecimal RGB value into its components. If the input is not valid it raises and
2024: Decodes the fourCC value to its corresponding character. The input is expected in hexadecimal format and returns ASCII
2025: Map to parent station.  If the given id has no associated information return its own ID if it exists as an attribute of
2026: Convert the input string to LaTeX bold format. This function is used in the creation of formatted reports or presentations
2027: Remove the first occurrence of '@' and '.','.' from each string within an array/list .   If it is
2028: This function calculates the result of an exponentiation operation using linear interpolation between two values at each point in time . The
2029: Convert seconds to days, hours or minutes depending on the input value; also convert remaining millisecondes into human readable format
2030: This function converts the flat notation to binary.  It takes in one string argument and returns its equivalent as an integer value
2031: Calculates the sum of squares values from an array.  The smallest value is replaced with its maximum possible integer, and then
2032: Adds 0 to the result of function calls. If both arguments are present then it adds one more call if either argument
2033: This function strips leading and trailling punctuations from the given inputted text/words .  It uses regular expressions to
2034: Calculates the Average Shift in Area Under Curve. 	Inputs : area under curve and shift value from
2035: Calculates the change in property between two points of interest based on given proportions and total changes  .   [...]
2036: Check if an attribute exists on the given data structure.  If it does exist return True else false or None . --
2037: Generates the name of an arbitrary Layer in lowercase format with given type and its position within it's parent layers
2038: A function to calculate the cube root of an input number. The algorithm uses Newton's method, which is more accurate
2039: This function takes an URL as input, checks if it is absolute or relative to the base domain ("wiki"), then returns either
2040: Convert an integer to uppercase binary representation. The input is the number of bits that should be used as partials from left
2041: Returns the alphabetic representation of an index in Excel sheet format using letters and numbers only . e g., A ,
2042: Convert FASTA to PHYLIP format. 	Inputs : Fast file (.fa), Output .dat/.
2043: Find the first element in sequence that satisfies given function f.  If no such elements exist then return None .   Code example
2044: Returns the character at position "index" in an ordered sequence of characters. The index is calculated by subtracting one from input
2045: Returns the pepticide sequences that have at least 'missed' cleaved sites from their sequence length – ie
2046: This function checks if the given dictionary of lists contains valid pairs where each list represents different sets/types and every pair has unique
2047: Check if the shapes of two tensors need broadcasting. If so return true else false . This function is used to
2048: Check if the given string is of format "<protocol>:///%d".  If it'is, return true
2049: Checks if the given number is odd. If it's not, returns False; otherwise True . Returns -98
2050: Get the maximum nesting level of parentheses. If no matching pair is found return None or raise an error if more
2051: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2052: This function returns the control policy of an agent in order to decide when it should take action based on time and other factors such
2053: Convert makeOtf options to string formatting suitable	for converting ot fonts in .ttx file Parameters : 1
2054: Creates an iterator that returns elements from the list l starting at index start with size of each element specified by sizes array
2055: Create commit map from sboms.  The function takes as input the result of an SBOM analysis and returns dictionary mapping
2056: Recursively processes nested dictionary and replaces '_target' with its value . Processes only those keys which have _ target
2057: Convert unique last names from string to list. ... [END SUMMARY].  		    .eofconvert un
2058: Parses the dictionary and creates nested dictionaries based on path keys from left to right .  For example if we have
2059: Check if two functions have the same bytecodes – ie., they are equivalent in terms of their functionality and implementation
2060: Convert all lowercase letters to their corresponding capitalized version. If the character is not an alphabet, leave it as such
2061: Convert Java Class Params to Key. 	Inputs : package and the name of an object in string format . Returns
2062: This function returns the list of ids from signals that are primary signa... 3 more lines ... .   [END
2063: Generates the path to retrieve server descriptores based on digested data  .   # TODO : Add more details about what
2064: Returns the prime factors of an integer number 'n' using their decomposition method .  The function takes two parameters : "number
2065: Parses and validates the input of "Located objects".  It converts string to sets then checks each element
2066: Normalizes dance names to their canonical form, e..g., Pasado Double -> PD , Vertical w
2067: Bisec the function 'bisector' to find an interval where it crosses zero. The bisection method finds
2068: Convert POS tag to wordnet format. If the given POSTAG is not recognized, return "unknown".  This function
2069: This function orders the given Django QuerySet by one or more fields in ascending/descendin mode .
2070: Generates unique ids of cells in the grid.  The function takes four parameters - indexing variables and returns an integer
2071: Check if the given name of an experiment or simulation runs are valid and safe to use as file names in your operating system'
2072: Adds authentication response to the request object based on provided authorization data and returns true if successful else false or redirect user accordingly
2073: Returns true if the file extension of 'file' matches any given extensions; otherwise false or an empty string .  If no
2074: This function retrieves the domains and their respective resolutions based on input parameters such as whether it uses corDEX data points to calculate
2075: Return the metaclass of an object or its parent classes as dictionary mapping method names to their implementations .  If no
2076: Remove all occurrences of an item from the list – case insensitive if 'ignoring cases' is set to
2077: Convert the input string to its AtBash cipher equivalent.  The function takes in an ASCII character as argument,
2078: Format the log message with Request ID. If no id provided, return an empty string else format it as "[ID
2079: A function that takes four integers as input and returns their sum in thousands. For example if the inputs are [347
2080: Converts an integer value from binary to decimal. If the input is in Octal format then it conversts into
2081: Check if the input string can be interpreted as timestamp in format YYYYMMDDHHMISS or HHDMIN
2082: Prepare forecasting readiness messages based on the given dataset group name and whether there's an associated messaging system or
2083: Convert HSL to RGBA. Converts an input color in the form of three parameters representing hours/minutes and
2084: Convert an object's class to its superclass hierarchies in reverse order of inheritance – from subclasses upwards
2085: Creates an array of 8 elements with the same color as its first element. The last four are filled by zeros
2086: A function that calculates the value of an equation based on coordinates.  The coefficients are passed as parameters to allow different equations
2087: Assigns the group to URI based on type of resource it is dealing with – Science museum, blog etc., and
2088: Convert binary string to integer. This function converts the given input into an unsigned number by reversing it and then
2089: Checks if two objects are the exact identical object in memory – ie they have exactly one copy of each unique value
2090: Check if the given hostname/IP address belongs to an IPv6 network segment – returns true when it does and false
2091: Convert the given string to datetime object if possible, else return None  Code snippet used here is taken from the python
2092: Get interface name from API response using the given switcherboard and switchport details  .   Inputs : Data of api
2093: Remove duplicated rows from the list based on three columns of data – column two,three and four . The function returns
2094: Generates sentence vectors from the given input text or query string using precomputed word embeddings and default values when no embedding
2095: Extracts the reward from table data. If no key provided it defaults to default else if not found then throws an error
2096: Create an instance of Gallery.  If no images are provided then it will create empty list as data else provide the table with
2097: Merge multiple lists of objects into one list, maintaining the order and removing duplicates from each input array/list .
2098: Sanits the binary file names by replacing '-' with underscore and removing non alphanumeric characters except "_". Also
2099: This function takes two strings as input and returns the maximum integer value among them.  If both inputs are not integers then it
2100: Returns True if the parameter starts with ' limit ', ‘ error '_', and/or' fix _'. Otherwise, returns
2101: Format PCI address to remove colons, parentheses and dots 	Inputs : string of the form '01
2102: A function to calculate the squares of an integer. Code is written in Python language and uses bitwise operators, which are faster
2103: Convert Rankin to Farenheight using the formula from http://www . thermodynamicsocietyofunitedkingdomand
2104: Compare two items based on their stats in the specified way.  Returns True if first is greater/less than second; otherwise
2105: Returns the number of spaces at start/end in line, used to determine if it's an appropriate amount or not .
2106: Build voice flag based on the state of speech. If stop, return all zeros; if not stopped then check and set
2107: Get the name of an IAM Role given its ARN – list all available and search by arns .
2108: Checks if the given 'Number' is within specified integer or float ranges. ...	def get_digit
2109: Calculates the Intersecting Over Union ratio of two intervals.  The result is between [min value from both sets ,
2110: Check if the given project ids are composed of "composed".  If they do then return true else false .
2111: Compare two lists of responses. If one list is empty and the other isn't then returns false; otherwise it checks if
2112: Converts an integer to IPv4 format using modulo operation and division method .   ## Code is used in the
2113: Convert 3D dictionary to one dimensional array of strings separated by semicolons . e..g {0:[['a
2114: Split the given string into lines at whitespace or tab characters. If line length exceeds specified maximum width then split after that
2115: Get the URL of an RDF Document based on its context and IDs or URIs .  If no @ID
2116: Generates unique ids of given length using random characters from the alphabet lowercase only . e..g., "abc
2117: A function to perform simple arithmetic operations.  It takes two arguments and returns their difference if they are both numbers; otherwise
2118: Check if all parameters exist within the given list of required keys. If any parameter missing or incorrectly specified returns false with error
2119: Generates the filename of an efficiency file.  The format is 'filename' which includes site and model names along with their
2120: Check if the url is of template link format . Return true or false based on whether it's in correct form as per
2121: Sort the ROI coordinates.  If column is less than row then sort by columns else rows are sorted in ascending order
2122: Code: 		.ipynb'.format('python'),			# Load the python kernel		m[‘__iplatform
2123: Simplify the modulus product of 'value' with respect to all numbers less than or equal ‘’. Returns
2124: This function parses JSON data and returns the value of specified 'json' object with given "keys".  It uses recurs
2125: Configures the section data of kakfa feed consumer and producer .   # TODO : Add more details about what each property
2126: Assert that the function raises an exception of given class or subclass when called with arguments provided in args . If it does raise
2127: Subscribe to the given destination with acknowledgement.  If no acknowledge is specified it defaults automatically .   Raises an
2128: Normalizes the route by removing special characters and replacing them with their corresponding symbols to make it valid in python scripting language
2129: Computes the mean squared error of two lists. The function takes as input one list o1 and another onliste
2130: Parses the results of an experiment from file object "F". The result lines are keyed by property names and values
2131: Checks if the color type of an RGBA value based on its luminance level in grayscale colorspace .
2132: Parses the input types and returns them as set of unique ones if 'ALL' is specified or else parses an
2133: Convert byte order to integer. If the value is larger than or equal  1049 and less then equals   =
2134: This function converts the input value of an RGB color to linear lightness, which is used in various calculations and conversions
2135: Clamps the value of 'clamped' to be within range [0..1] or ['min', max].
2136: Convert all uppercase letters to lower case and remove the third character of each grouping three in string, then convert any remaining
2137: Remove redundancy from classes level.  If 'keepfirst' is true then only the first instance of each unique set will
2138: “Returns 'Highers' if the number is positive or negative but inverted. Otherwise returns lower” . This
2139: Split the input string into multiple strings of specified length using given character limit."  [10 points ] S
2140: Returns the number of levels needed to reach an experience point given in exp . The function uses cubic root method and rounds down if
2141: Check if the given string starts with ";TYPE:" and "-->" in python function to check whether it's an
2142: Convert memory size to human readable format. If the input is not valid or if it’s less than one byte then
2143: Transforms the input string into SnakCase format by converting all upper case letters to lower and appending an underscore after
2144: Prepare the geoJSON file to be used as an initial data set in MapBox GL JS map visualization.'
2145: Remove XML Namespace from the given input String – if found in it . If not present then return same as original text
2146: Finds all the paths from given input that are valid and returns them as string formatting of path names only .  For
2147: Compute the Euclidian distance between two points. This function takes in as input coordinates of any size and returns their
2148: Get the full python library name from given data, including its major and minor versions as well .  If no such information is
2149: Get the list of artifact inputs from given Data object  [getInput] .  	Get all available Input Artifc
2150: This function sorts the population based on their respective fit values.  It then returns first 'n' elements of that list which
2151: This function returns the name of worker instance template. 	Inputs : experiment -> an integer representing which specific workload
2152: Create an instance of the class with given name, if it doesn't exist yet; otherwise return existing one elsewise
2153: Get the arXive URL of an entry from its Wiki dump link or directly if it's already in ARC
2154: This function takes in an array of validation rules and returns the lower bound as integer value ,the uper boundary  .and
2155: A recursive function to encode an integer into sequence of characters.  The encoding is done using the given symbol set and starting
2156: Convert Quarter Note tempos to beats per minute based on the given parameters .   # TODO : Add docstring and
2157: Calculates the number of offers to be made and returns total value.  Code is used in calculating discounts on an array list
2158: Verifies that the required columns are in an output dataframe. If none given then it defaults to all available ones and raises
2159: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2160: Returns the adjacent cells in an m x n matrix with given coordinates .'s output is list of tups where each
2161: Returns the bounding box of an ellipse centered at given point with specified radii.  The returned values are in
2162: Perform selection of parents using the tournament method. 	Parameters are population size and number iterations to perform in each generation .
2163: Format exception as string to be written into journals or logs .  If lines are prefixed with dots then they will also
2164: Convert list of strings to integers.  If the string is not convertible, return an empty array . Code snippet
2165: Check if two strings are permutations of each other or not? If they're the same character by different orders then it
2166: This function is used to deconstruct the SMILES string back into its original form.  It does so by iterating
2167: Check the validity of inputted JSON object and return whether it is valid based on its keys presence in an array – version
2168: Loads pages of results from the given function until it encounters no more data to return, then returns all collected items as
2169: Returns the type of term identifier based on its content, if it is an IRI or Blanck Node otherwise returns blank
2170: Checks if the input value `X` lies within specified numeric ranges.  If so returns True else False . The
2171: Calculates the Hammings Distance between two texts.  It raises an error if they are not same size .
2172: Extracts all the alphanumeric characters from input_. The first and last character are excluded .   Input_: A
2173: This function splits the input string into individual elements by splitting on spaces, returning them as list of strings .  For example
2174: Evaluates an XPath expression with namespace mapping – replaces namespaces by their corresponding values from the provided map .
2175: Transform the given value of Coherentness into another scale.  The transformation is done by subtracting from and dividing
2176: Convert the team's game area to its color.  If no value is provided, return N//a .If less
2177: Given an array of tweets, return the most common tweet type among them if they exist; otherwise returns "sanbd
2178: This function returns the algorithm options.  The default values are set based on which specific optimization problem is being solved, but can
2179: Returns the maximum number of symbols in an ML tree with 'ntree' branches under consideration . The symbol count includes both
2180: Get the names of all patients with specific metadata value from given categories and return them as two lists separated by ',' –
2181: Returns the headers required to upload data in chunks. The first byte and size of files are used as parameters here . Ch
2182: This function returns the type, message and logs of an exception if it're not none else return null or empty dictionary .
2183: This function calculates the number of intervals that can be formed from an initial m/Z mass and its corresponding charges to form
2184: Converts the given input into its equivalent Boolean representation, if possible; otherwise returns false .  If it is already in
2185: This function calculates the number of nodes in binary trees using recursion and depth first search algorithm .  	     It returns
2186: This function returns the schema of templates.  It is used to create and manage template objects in our bot framework .	Type
2187: Returns the list of requirements that are available but have been explicitly disregarded by users with 'admin' privileges."  [
2188: Generates an alphabetic and numerics character sequence of given "lenght".  It uses the Python'
2189: Calculates the percentage error between two lists of numbers using Euclidean distance as measure to compare them . The result is an approximation
2190: Validates the variable name against some rules or constraints – e..g., it should be unique within its parent object/
2191: Convert token to floating point number. If the conversion is not possible, return original value as it was passed in – i
2192: Merge two sorted linked lists in Python 3 version of the function takes as input pointers to head nodes that represent
2193: Check if the given character belongs to Chinese characters.  This function uses Unicode's property of chars that are classified
2194: This function takes two dictionaries and combines them into one dictionary using the second as overrides on top of first .  It
2195: Convert PUPIL json to OpenCV format.  Converts the pupils' coordinates from one coordinate system of an image
2196: Create an ID map by source list and the names of models from another.  This function maps each unique identifier to its corresponding
2197: Sorts the input dictionary list based on either string or function provided by user and returns sorted dictionaries as output  . If
2198: Convert decimal degree to double. 1° = ±3π/4879 hours and °=+
2199: Clears bit at given position. The function takes two arguments - an integer from which we want change its value of one specific
2200: This function takes an integer as input which represents the agent's move. It returns information about what happens in that state after
2201: Computes the scalar triple products of two vectors.  If 'debug' is True then it prints out intermediate results to std
2202: Decryption function using WeakSaucy cipher algorithm with optional decoding of the encrypted message by replacing each character
2203: This function checks if the source is of an unsuported extension.  If it's not, then return true else
2204: This function splits the input string into individual terms, sorts them and returns their unique variable names as list of strings in al
2205: Flatens the list of lists into one single level deep array 	Inputs : [1,3,[4],[
2206: A binary search algorithm to find the correct answer in an ordered list of numbers. It uses halfing and guessing method, it
2207: This function checks if the input string can be converted to float.  It returns True when it converts successfully, False otherwise
2208: Format the given value according to its type. If it's less than or equal zero then return as is else if we
2209: Convert GPS coordinates to canvas pixel coordinate. The conversion is based on the given limits of an image in pixels and assumes that all
2210: Convert the first character of each word in 'Sentences' to upper case and return as string .  For example "this
2211: Convert all positive values in the given list to negative.  If no value is found, return original array as it's
2212: Returns the ground state energy of an atom with given atomic number and orbital quantum numbers in terms J units . If not possible to
2213: Calculates the average of three most recent data points in time series. If no such point exists or if it is less than
2214: Get the DropBox Path from dictionary.  If not found return an empty string .   Parameters : Dictionary of information about
2215: Calculates the gate infidelities of an IRB and RBs. The decay rate is used to calculate how much each
2216: Convert scientific notation to float. If the number is negative and has an exponent part like "x", convert it into decimal format
2217: Generates string of numbers from m to ‘n’ separated by hyphens. For example if we call the function with
2218: Generates n grams of the given input string, where each gram consists two consecutive non overlapping characters from original sentence/
2219: Returns the string of spaces to be used as prefix in front. 1st line is always space, followed by inputted
2220: Create an object with the properties of 'e' that are not None. If tags exist then add them to it as well
2221: Waits until the API is ready.  This method will block and try to get an answer from api indefinitely if
2222: Perform filtering on records based upon the provided filter criteria – OR and AND operations are supported with NOT operation as well .
2223: Convert the first URL in each row to an HTML anchor tag with its content as link text and url itself . Replace only
2224: Convert an array of dictionaries to table format with specific keys and values from each dictionary – used as part the annotation process
2225: Adds area tags to the given list of 1D arrays representing different geographical areas with their respective coordinates and returns modified
2226: Convert the given integer to its corresponding string representation.  For example, convert '3' into "'neith'" or similar
2227: Convert an eMail address to username format – all lower case, replace @ with AT .   Code is used in the
2228: This function returns the details of an existing user. 	Inputs : Agent Registrations Details . Output - User'
2229: This function applies the given cycle to an initial value. It is used when we want repeat some operation multiple times with different inputs
2230: Check if two functions are the same.  If they do not have different implementations but share some common attributes or methods then
2231: Compare the given string with an expected one. If they are equal it returns true otherwise false  Code is used to check if
2232: Calculates the Ursin Hessian Scaling factor.  The function calcula...   [END] .[
2233: This function returns the data type of an input string or number, based on its content – integer if it's all
2234: Transform position of an element based on horizontal alignment ("HA") & vertical alignement("VA").  If both are center
2235: Returns the natural logarithm of π, e and x respectively in exponential form .  	Examples : log([0
2236: A function to check if it'd be possible using coins of denominations 'coin values'.  Returns true when the sum
2237: Calculates the middle price of bid/ask pairs. If there are no bidding or asking prices, it returns 'None
2238: Determine if warnings are needed based on the type of object being passed in . " Dataframe" and all other numeric
2239: This function converts the given string to lowercase if it is not already in that form, then checks whether its value
2240: Split string into substrings based on separator characters or regular expressions . If the resulting list is longer than specified maximum length
2241: Capture output of function call and return it as string  Code to be used in other scripts or programs that need the captured
2242: Parses the input string to an integer, or returns zero when no value is provided .   [1]_parse
2243: Create cache key based on visitor's unique identifier. 	Input : Visitors Unique Identifier, Output = Cache
2244: Returns the given time stamp or "-" if no such thing exists.  If an array of timestamps is provided then
2245: Filter out the given topics from all available article ID'S and return only those which are present within any of these filtered top
2246: This function looks into the given set of cards and returns whether or not it finds any specific type/subtype within those provided
2247: Calculates the total number of cards on one's hands – used to determine if they are playing with equal strength or
2248: This function returns the name of given number as an integer from one to seven. If input is not valid, it will return
2249: Calculates the number of beater peaks in an array. 	Inputs : List[int] -> int,
2250: This function takes an array of strings and returns the same as input but with each line terminated by "\n".  It
2251: Get the specified attribute from an object. If it doesn't exist return None if not found in class or raise Attribute
2252: Convert time duration in terms seconds. If both 'day' &amp;#x1F;&gt;"s are provided
2253: This function builds the reversed dictionary from given id to its corresponding value .  It is used when we want an inverse mapping
2254: This function takes an URL as input and returns the Domain name only from it, without http/ https or www .com
2255: Convert tabs to spaces. If the length of input string is less than or equal `tabstop` then it will return same
2256: Get the resource name from rule .  e.. g., /home/.* -> home   or    "/" =>
2257: Calculates the percentage of numeric value within another number or fractional part . e g., if you have two numbers and
2258: Validates if the given host is valid according to DNS standards – it should have exactly four segments and each segment must be
2259: Returns the API endpoint URL. This function is used to get an api url based on given input parameter . For example
2260: This function takes in the height of backdrop and returns an adjusted version that is suitable to be used as part or full screen
2261: A function to generate the nth number of FIBONACCI sequence. 0 indexed and returns 'n'
2262: Capture std out of function calls in python 3 Code to be used as decorator or wrapper around the given func .
2263: A function to check if the input string name forms an actual palinfrome or not . If it does, returns true
2264: Loads the specified SOKOBAN Level into memory – returns it as an object or none if there're no
2265: Convert the given string to Rtf format. This function is used when we want our text in rtfd file
2266: Validates the output of an error measurement or test in terms that it is within acceptable ranges based on its type .  Returns
2267: Calculates the absolute value of product over all panels that have power greater than zero  Inputs : list[int] Output
2268: Convert kg/km² to dry moisture content. 	Inputs are water vapour and liquid air density in km
2269: This function fixes the static images paths to be relative instead of absolute ones using /  . It does so by replacing all occur
2270: Check if input values are valid. If not return error message else perform mean calculation on given data . ---> Code
2271: Update the time parameters of an issue with given UUID using provided dictionary as parameter and return updated dict object .   [END]
2272: Remove punctuactions from the given input  Text .   "string" is used to get all possible symbols that can be
2273: Find the multiplicty of an element within given vector.  If tolerance not provided then it defaults as one epsilon
2274: Create an object that represents the condition lessThan. Returns true if cell value is lower then given parameter else false
2275: Compute the covariance matrix of two sets using either sample or population standard deviation as estimator .   [...]    return { '
2276: A tokenization function that uses smiley faces as delimiters to split the input string into individual "tok" .
2277: Read all data from the file descriptor fd until EOF is reached or an error occurs . Return as string if successful else
2278: Get the default Community to use.  If not set, defaults are used if available else returns 'Public'.   This function
2279: Returns the category of an order. 	Inputs : Order object, Output -> String indicating Category . e..g
2280: Create an empty dictionary and fill it with the values from another given dictionaries.  The order of elements is preserved as they
2281: This function takes the first name as input and returns dictionary with two keys - "gender" which is either Male or
2282: Calculates the DSR of an electric motor based on its electrical efficiency, which is calculated as PB ratio minus one third
2283: Check if the given file name refers to an internal backend module in python . The function returns true when it finds '.' at
2284: This function packs the path of logging parameters into one string. It is used to create unique paths based on these parameter values and
2285: Convert an integer to RGB. The input is the decimal representation of color in hexadecimal format e..e . For
2286: Convert seconds to minutes and hours in the format mm::ss .  	Inputs : Second integer, Output - String of
2287: This function extracts the time from an RFC 3986 compliant date/time string in seconds since Un
2288: Convert list to GHA format .   # TODO : add docstring and comments as needed..    return the converted value in
2289: Update formats list with new extension and name if it doesn't exist already – else just return the existing one or default
2290: Convert Unix timestamp to readable date and format string  .   [10]   386497
2291: Checks if the input string can be converted to float. If yes then returns true and none else return false with error message
2292: Parses command line options.  Parameters are stored as dictionary keys and their values from the opts list of arguments provided
2293: Declare local and global variable scope.  Code to manage the declaration of both types in Python programming language using decorators or
2294: Convert string to numerically. If the input is not convertible into number, it raises an error with message 'invalid'
2295: This function replaces special characters with their escape sequences in the input string "text".  It is used to prevent errors when
2296: Get the path of logs file.  If no specific name is provided, it will return default .txt logging format in current
2297: Convert the given local filesystem paths to URIs using '//' as separator between directories and '/..\' at end
2298: Format revision number as shortened hash.  If no SHA provided, return empty string .   Example : "a
2299: Translate university level of education to string representation – p, m , b etc., and return the corresponding description as per
2300: Check if the input parameter "port" can be considered as an open network or not. This function checks whether it’s
2301: Updates the given list of drivers' points based on their performance results.  The function takes two parameters - an array containing
2302: Checks if the sum of two numbers is equal to another number. ...	elif ...	. . ....
2303: This function stretches the value of 'x' between two points in proportion to its position within range [a; b].
2304: Creates dictionary of parameters and their corresponding points.  Code is used to create the data structure needed by other functions that need
2305: Split the given string into its components in semantic verisoning format using . as separator – returns three integers if
2306: Removes hidden files from the list of file paths provided by user input in command line arguments, if any exist .* at
2307: Convert string to integer list, sorting the digits and returning them as an array of integers  Code is used by python
2308: Convert the percentage to color. Percentage is the value between [min, max] that determines how much of an amount
2309: This function generates the list of all .txt or other text formatting formats from given dictionary where keys are subjects and values is
2310: Return the name of an oceanographic region based on its type.  The function is used to identify which geographical feature belongs
2311: Check if the string starts with "http" / https", return true when it does, false otherwise  .  	Example
2312: Generates unique ids from byte input using the btest() function to check if least significant bits are set in an integer
2313: Returns the command to initialize an environment with gcp beta emulator.  This is used when running tests on google cloud platform
2314: Parse an ISLP date. If the inputs are invalid return None else format it as YYYY/MMDD string
2315: Merge two documents with the same keys but different values into one document by replacing duplicate key value pairs from second dictionary to first
2316: Finds the index of first underscore in filename, returns none if no _ found or more than one _. Return all indexes
2317: Returns the given string with first two characters converted to uppercase if they are vowels. Otherwise, it returns them as is
2318: Returns the covariance matrix of two sets, if not already computed then computes it and returns that value .  If called with
2319: Calculates the correlation id and returns an appropriate response. 			. . .....   # Code to calculate features vectors goes
2320: Calculates the altitude of an object with given initial energy and mass in meters . 1 unit is equal to approximately
2321: Divide dictionary into two categories based on the result of given function – True or False .  10 points if true
2322: Creates an empty n x m matrix. The default is square with side length of four if no argument provided . Size can
2323: This function takes two parameters - 'filters' which are the criteria to be used while filtering songs from given dataset; it
2324: Check if the given string is Palidromic. A String that remains unchanged when its characters are reversed . For example
2325: Encodes special characters in the input string to prevent them from being interpreted as HTML or JavaScript by browsers and other tools, respectively
2326: Finds the pair of elements with maximum value according to provided function. If there are multiple pairs having same maximal values then returns
2327: Close the current conversation. 	Parameters : Session attributes and Message to be displayed in response . Returns an object with dialog action
2328: Generates the name of file to be used by Ray Tracer in order not only based on parameters but also considering whether it
2329: This function takes in two parameters - the base word and its count or number of instances to be used as reference point . If
2330: Convert the given string to an appropriate representation of system's hardware. If it is not recognized, raise error with message '
2331: Prepare SQL queries with parameters using the given dictionary of values – replace placeholders {key}. This function is used to
2332: Returns the values of given dictionary list sorted by their keys' names .  For example : [{'a':1}, {'
2333: Search the list of groups to find an already created one with matching id or name . If not found return none; otherwise returns
2334: This function calculates the nth number in Fibo sequence using golden ratio phi which is approximately equal to sqrt
2335: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2336: Remove all occurrences of one string from another in Python 3"   . "return the remaining part after removing."
2337: Adds overexterns to Djangos templates system – allows you extend other'd views in your project
2338: Count the number of vowel characters.  Code is used to find out how many times each character from A, E ,
2339: A function to generate the string representation of an object with given minimum and maximum values in redshift space." ---END OF
2340: Generates string representation of cats.  The input is list/array with cat names and returns the concatenated name as one
2341: This function cleans the links by removing certain types of characters that might be used to confuse or mislead users about their content
2342: This function merges the feasible and infeasibles individuals from given 'Populations' object into one list, which is then
2343: Validates the input table to ensure it is of correct format with scale factors present – if not raises an exception .
2344: Convert list of dicts to 3D coordinates [X, Y] .   # TODO : Add more details about the
2345: Checks if the string contains curly braces "{}" in any order, but only when they are enclosed by
2346: Computes the square of each element in an array.  The result is returned as one number .   Inputs are two
2347: Convert strings to booleans in python 3 . Code is used when the input provided by user as an argument of function
2348: Checks if the given integer falls within Tamil Unicode range. 1st byte of tamizh,
2349: Computes the moving average of an array using closed form solution. 	Inputs : Array and Alpha value to be
2350: This function calculates the learning rate based on an exponential decay schedule over time steps in each training phase of deep neural networks using
2351: Returns the number of inputs to each filter in convolutional layer. If mode is set as full then it returns total filters else
2352: This function generates the list of unique characters used to create an encryption ciphers based on inputted symbol set .  It
2353: Check if character 'ch' exists in the given strng and return true/false accordingly based on whether it’is al
2354: returns promoter elements from the given list of genes.   .   `def regulated(): return [] `	.    ```
2355: Purge sparse entry from the given number. If it is less than two bits long then return as integer else if its length
2356: Given an integer square root, return the next perfect squares number if it exists; otherwise returns "-". Code is to find out
2357: This function returns the name of an event rule. ...	def createEventRuleLambdaInitiation(): return "create
2358: Check if the command line contains specific flags. 	Inputs : list of strings and string to search within . Returns True
2359: Reshapes the bounding boxes from 1D to multi dimensional. If input is invalid returns none else return resized
2360: A recursive function that applies the given mapper to all elements of an arbitrarily nested table structure using depth first search
2361: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  The absolute values are used in
2362: Defines the greatest common divisor of two numbers. Uses Euclid's algorithm to find it."
2363: Check if all elements of the dictionary satisfy given condition.  If none do then return false else true . Example usage :check
2364: Convert color strings to RGB values as floats between zero and one inclusive . Code is used by the Color class of matplot
2365: Convert the given string to its equivalent in floating point number format if possible, else return an empty strin . If input is
2366: Create an empty dictionary to store the count of each unique disease name encountered during data processing – key=disease,
2367: Count the centroiid of points. The function takes as input an array pts containing n point coordinates and returns their
2368: Convert the given table to string using provided function and return it as result  .   [END] Code :def convert_
2369: Compare two samples of the same type. If they are not equal return false; otherwise true if all fields match and their corresponding
2370: Flatens the given list of values based on provided fields and returns them as an array or single value if no further selection needed
2371: Count the number of pieces left on board after each move by given players – b - black , w/ white . Return
2372: Look up the public IP of an ELB by its name or DNS Name  Inputs : Session object and Hostnames to
2373: Convert the given list of coefficients into string representation. The first coefficient is always considered as an integer and its sign does matter if
2374: This function takes an input of type 'Plane' and returns the same as its uppercase version with appended string '.
2375: This function cleans the given sentence by replacing ' not with '.  It also handles punctuation at beginning of sentences correctly as per
2376: Get the list of hamberurgers from Talents page .  It returns HTML string with li elements representing each option on
2377: Returns the function name to be used in the template file based on language inputted by user .  For example if we are
2378: Transform the input sequence by replacing all '.' with an uppercase character and replace every occurrence of T to U .
2379: Generates linear ramp from initial to final value over the given time. 	Duration is in seconds and values are scalars
2380: Convert the given input to meters based on its units . For miles it converts into meter and floor rounds down; otherwise ,
2381: Finds the suprema/extremes using binary search. If function is monotonic and decreasing then it finds local maximum
2382: A function that returns the first n characters of string. 	Inputs : str and int . Returns ->str
2383: Returns the difference between two lists by checking if each element of second is present or absent from first .  It creates an empty
2384: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence string input by user and returns it as percentage .   ### Code : Gather
2385: Check if an IP address falls into multcasting range. 198,67 -> ~ . ~ ..
2386: Returns the correct type of an inputted string. If it's 'default', returns another one if not found within given
2387: A recursive function to calculate the number of hexagonal points on an nxn grid. The formula is derived from geometry
2388: Count the number of times sub string repeats within given text . For example , if input is "abcabca", output
2389: Convert ISO string to SQL UTC datetime in sqlit3. 	Convert an inputted IS0 date/time format into
2390: Returns the x and y axis labels from given options dictionary if they exist else returns default values "X" & “Y
2391: Convert list of actions to string. Each item is represented as name and class type separated by '=>'. If the last element
2392: Implement an auto correction function that takes as input the current word and list of possible corrections. It returns one from these possibilities
2393: Get value from nested dictionary using list of its elements as path to the desired element – e..g., if you have
2394: Convert A/b to epsilon*radius of minimum surface in the unit sphere; used by Lennard Jones potential .
2395: Get the wanted position from redis connection .  If no such key exists in Redis then return None else returns tuple of
2396: Find the sequence with maximum length.  If multiple sequences have same maximal lengths, return any one of them randomly chosen from among
2397: This function takes as input an array of strings, where each string is composed by two colon separated values representing the ticket type and
2398: Convert datetime object to ISO format.  If the input type isn’t supported then return None .   Code snippet
2399: Convert millisecond to seconds and minutes. If the input is zero, return 'zero'. Else convert it into hours if
2400: returns the list of packages and their versions, upload dates etc... .   [END OF SUMMARY].	"
2401: Convert number to human readable format. For example, convert the input of '478' into string representation like '.
2402: Interpolates between two values based on an amount.  If one of the inputs are numbers it performs linear interplo
2403: Clear the bit at given position in an integer. 0 based indexed . The bits to be cleared are from leftmost
2404: This function rounds the input x to nearest multiple of given number 'base'.  For example - rounding .789
2405: A simple decorator that returns the result of calling an inner method if it exists. Otherwise return default value .  Code is
2406: This function converts special characters to their XML equivalent using the & character as delimiter between different types of entities like "
2407: Returns whether the current environment supports interactive mode, either through Jupyer's kernel interface and/or Python repl.'
2408: Decay learning rate by factor of sqrt when steps reach certain threshold values in the schedule . e..g., if we
2409: Check and convert inputs to appropriate types.  If no conversion needed return the original data else raise an error if invalid input detected
2410: Calculates the temperature in Celsius based on input of Fahrenheit or Kelvin, and returns it
2411: Shift the data in 'n' places to left within each byte of number and hexadecimal strings respectively .
2412: Returns the distance from node A to itself in graph M. The function is used by Dijkstra's algorithm,
2413: Convert the given string of cookies into dictionary format using semicolon as separator and equals sign to separate keys from values .
2414: Appends the elements of list 'y' to end/starting position 0 or -1 respectively and returns modified
2415: Returns the signatory name of an entity given its Fully Qualified Domain Name.  This is used to identify entities
2416: This function returns the color based on whether copy number loss/ gain is being reported. If no type of report given then it
2417: Code that converts complex numbers to strings and replaces certain substrings with other ones in the process of converting them into text
2418: Convert sequence and quality data into fastQ format. 	Inputs : Sequence file (.seq), Quality File(.qual
2419: Returns the minimum number of generalized versions that can be created from given version 'd' using all elements in set {1,...,
2420: Generates an event to publish on AWS SNS Topic with the given message and Subject .   The generated Event
2421: Calculates the minimum and maximum power consumption in watts given an input frequency . The function is used to calculate limits based on
2422: Determine if the given string is permutable to form an even or odd length Palidromic Permutations of it
2423: Multiply two vectors elementwise and return the result as new vector."   [END OF SUMMARY]. Code
2424: Calculates the number of positions at which two strings differ.  The function counts only one character difference between corresponding characters from both
2425: Convert size in Bytes to Human Readable Format using KB, MB and so on upto TB or PT etc.,
2426: Convert an array of floats to string. 	Inputs : list[float] -> Output str format as [
2427: Returns the digit at given position in num's digits list . e..g., if we have number '34
2428: Check if the given input can be converted to an integer. If it's valid and within range then return true else false
2429: Returns the type of instrument given its string representation, if it is one we know about; otherwise returns none .   [ ]
2430: Returns all the non question mark characters from given list of strings, leaving out any that contain only one or no character left after
2431: A function that counts the frequency of each alphabet character present within an input string and returns it as dictionary format . e..
2432: A function that returns info about an object or action related with games and prints it out . ...   # Add more
2433: Checks if the inputted word or phrase forms palidromic. 0nly considers alphanumerics and
2434: Convert hexadecimal RGBA values to decimal format .   Code length : xxx bytes    Execution time：
2435: Builds the service URI. 	Input parameters are base uri and two other strings that will be appended to form an
2436: Calculates the cumulative value of two quantities.  The first quantity is added to second one with an incremental factor specified
2437: Check if the input n can be converted to an integer and it's within -∞..+∏ of zero
2438: Maps each key of the dictionary to another value using provided function and returns resulting mapping as Dictionary .  If input isn'
2439: Get the string value of an object or its attribute if it exists, otherwise return none  Code snippet used to extract
2440: Removes unnecessary characters from the given string of python source codes – \n , "\t", " ", and other special
2441: Calculates the fractional value of an inputted float number.  The result is then scaled to fit within one decimal place
2442: A function that removes all the consonants from an input string.  It does so by checking each character of given '
2443: Convert string to list of lowercase letters, split by spaces and return as is – no changes made if already converted or
2444: Record clock synchronization marker with the given id in tracer service .  Returned object is used to mark time of execution
2445: Processes other transcrpts and returns them as text with checkbox status – used to handle the transciptions
2446: Convert temperature in Kelvin to Celsius if not already converted, else return the input value directly .   [ ]
2447: Finds if two spots are adjacent.  Returns True or False based on whether they're connected by an edge in the
2448: Convert string to CammelCase format 	e..g "hello world" -> helloWorld,	"Hello World
2449: Convert the given absolute or relative file system paths to local format if they are in Windows style, otherwise return them as is on
2450: Substitute application parameters with their values from the global scope of an environment variable file or database connection object .  This function
2451: Convert string to quoted if not already.  If the input is of other types, return it as given without modification."
2452: Computes the integral of function 'func' from point A to B using trapezoide rule with N subdivisions
2453: This function returns the colors associated with each id from given list of classes IDs . The color is returned as RGB tuple format
2454: Builds user profile with given name. 	Input -> First and Last Name of the User	. Output => A dictionary
2455: Convert seconds to HHMMSS format in Python Code Snippet : Converts the given time period into hour,
2456: Reads the content of an external text files in python  Code is to read and return all lines from given path . If
2457: Calculates the Kullback–Leibler divergence between two distributions, and scales it by an input factor iter .
2458: Traditional Interpolated Surface Function equation based on the input temperature difference 'td' . The function returns an interpolation
2459: This function takes as input an array of strings, where each string is one row in the file to be edited; it returns
2460: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2461: Generates an HTML string from the given data structure .  The content is generated by calling generators based on its 'generator'
2462: Get the items from HAMBURGER MENU that are suitable to be used as TALENT ITE
2463: Clean up the 'Fav' object in favor of an item. ... ..    return cleaned data as
2464: Generates report data based on the status of changes and failures.   [Day]: The date when it was run .[
2465: Returns the next and previous bit of an odd or even number. If input is not valid, returns None .  	Ex
2466: Convert nanoseconds to seconds.	Input/Output Example : Input = 34876, Output = .
2467: Create an error object with optional success and failure messages.  If both are provided it will return the combined result of them as
2468: Replace carriage return characters with newline character in the given message 	Inputs : A String Message . Output - The
2469: Returns the information about cars.  The function takes two parameters - name of Car and Year it's made . It returns
2470: Reads the BERT table from disk and returns it in memory format .  If an error occurs during reading process then return
2471: Return the URL to download Cheffile from given cookbook and its versions in supermaketer’s repository
2472: Computes the checksums of an array using XOR operation.  The result is returned as integer value .   "Comput
2473: Creates and initializes  an n x m matrix with the given 'fillValue'. The size of each cell is determined
2474: Parses the admin show platform command and returns an object with nodes as keys corresponding to their respective entries .  The values
2475: Selects only the text values from caption and choises. 	Input -> Captions are strings & Cho
2476: Check if the key is valid in reaction dictionary. 	Key can be type, idDb , log K^{1
2477: Compare two strings based on their content but with some special rules applied to them if they are of certain types; otherwise return the
2478: Convert distance from foot and inch to centimeter .   Code is used as conversion function between two units of measurement : one unit
2479: Computes the exponential of -absolute value, using an iterative method to approximate e^-(a).  The result
2480: Count the bags within one bag rule set based on its name and return total counts of all contained subBag .'s
2481: Generates and returns an alphanumeric string of the specified 'lenght'. The generated strings will contain lowercase
2482: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding it to its inverse.  For example, if you pass
2483: Compare two lists of strings by their length and sort them firstly based on the third character if they have same lengths; then
2484: Given three points in 3D space return true if they form right turn. Otherwise false .   Code is to check whether
2485: Get sysML ID from JSON object if it exists, else return an empty string .  [10 points]   Code
2486: Wraps an angle to the range [-pi, pi]. If it is outside of [−π/4 , +
2487: A function to swap two random symbols.  It uses the helper method "random symbol swapping" which is used by some
2488: Filter and split the given list of 'Box' objects based on provided filters – one or more functions that take as input
2489: Convert the given number of pages into offsets.  For example if you have two items on one pagination bar with three
2490: Finds the first occurrence of an item with matching name & switch from list. If found it removes that element else returns none
2491: Returns the type of cell given its id, 3 types are defined d endocytic neurons soma axonal
2492: This function returns the sender and subject of an email as dictionaries from its payload' s Header list .  It iter
2493: This function calculates the mean of two values if they exist otherwise it returns only one value from dictionary . It is used to
2494: This function takes in an input string and returns the complement of that sequence by swapping A with T, C with G ,
2495: Defines the structure of binary tree nodes with methods to check whether or not they are balanced according their height difference from any other
2496: Ensure echars is in the front of list and return updated dependency array – [‘echart’]. .
2497: Returns the options that are suitable to be used with command.  It takes two parameters - list of applicable and required commands'
2498: Returns the number of points in stroked. 	Inputs : list, Output - int . Example:[[
2499: Convert the coordinates of an object box to its centriod point and dimensions in pixel units .   Coordinates are given as
2500: Find the periods of time that can be booked with given capacities and quantities from an array/list 'Events'.
2501: This function plays the highest scoring player based on their number of 'Tok's they have earned so far and returns that chosen
2502: Calculates the first order thermal conductivity of water at constant pressure. 	Inputs Temperature in Kelvin and
2503: Check if the last viewed reminder with given 'Tag' exists or not . If it does exist then return true else false	.
2504: This function processes the data and makes it ready to be used by other functions or modules – converting all keys into lowercase
2505: Convert string to number, handle decimal points or commas . If not possible return the original value – convert namelists
2506: Check if the input string stamp represents valid date. --> Date format should be YYYYWWDD where W
2507: This function checks if the given number is divisible by 3 or not. If it's multiple of three then return
2508: Code that prints the numbers from one to n, replacing multiples of three with "Fiz", multiple by five ->
2509: Computes the derivative of l^n with respect to n. 	Inputs : list, outputs = [list]
2510: Capitalizes the first letter of each word in an object's name if it is not already uppercase and returns modified version
2511: Implement the Diffie Hellman algorithm to generate public key and private keys in python 3 .	Diffi ehell
2512: Returns the sorted version of an array with activities and their corresponding scores based on score value .  The sorting is done by
2513: Check if the given string has any of three extensions (.grf,.lati). If it does then return true and corresponding
2514: This function builds the response to be returned by an API endpoint based on query parameters passed in request data . The count of total
2515: This function calculates the energy of two particles interacting with an electric field in one dimension using Gauss' law and returns it
2516: Generates the smallest and largest coordinates along with their respective axis.  Code is used to generate an array of four elements representing
2517: Extracts the text between two specified strings from one string of TEX data and returns it as another formatted version with added
2518: Refactor conversation contexts into HTML formatting if necessary – convert the textual content of conversations from plaintext formats like mark
2519: Filter elements of list 'y' based on the given function and return them as new List .  The filtering is done by
2520: Convert the given number to string in format YYYY.MMDD, if possible; otherwise return as it was inputted
2521: This function checks if the given list contains both Hispanci Or Latinos / latinas & Blacks.
2522: This function returns the parameters required to initialize GoogleNet model. It takes in one argument - 'mode' which is used as
2523: Generates indices from 'a' to b in steps of four using ceil function as the ceiling is used when we need
2524: Count the number of strong, one character difference passphrases. A string is considered "strong" if it contains at
2525: Convert an integer to uppercase binary representation of the given number. The input is expected in range [min='zero',
2526: Get an internal Estimators from MetaEstimation.  This function will recursively search through the given object to find
2527: This function initializes the values of an attribute dictionary with default ones based on its type and name .  It also handles some
2528: Generates the required data structure to return as JSON.  This function is used in generating responses from database entries .   It
2529: Serialises an object of class 'Entry' into JSON format using recursion – deserialization function not required here
2530: Returns the string to be used in search queries. The username is appended as part of an identifier, and '_
2531: Extract the environment version from an input string, e..g ‘368’ to return '.NET Framework
2532: Merge two lists of Filter objects into one list with non empty elements from both input filter arrays if they are different types or
2533: This function calculates the size of an image in pixels based on its aspect ratio and desired figure's height or with as
2534: Ensure that all elements of the given 'List' are contained within nested structures. If any element isn’t found inside
2535: This function takes an input string and returns the encoded version of it based on character counts within that given text, where characters with
2536: Elides the compilation of lines based on word list and current one's position within that file – if it is
2537: Convert string to boolean, case insensitive ("Yes",	"True","Toggle on").  If not recognized as either of
2538: This function returns the template name based on environment and type of pipelines to be created in AWS CodePipeline .  It
2539: A function to create an array of ones where the values are between two given thresholds; otherwise returns zeros . Par
2540: Get learning rate of the given PyTorch Optimizers or Containers/Modules with name "lR". If
2541: Checks if the given User object has access to publish on Page type Home pages only – ie., it's
2542: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all given 3D point sets. The result is returned as four numbers
2543: Update the dimension of an existing model's layer by replacing it with another one and then evaluating its performance on some dummy
2544: Builds statistics about the training process. The function takes three parameters; 'Loss' and two evaluation results ('evaluation
2545: Calculates the autocorrelation function of an array using the Crank–Nicolson method with periodic boundary conditions in
2546: Convert an array of strings to string representation suitable as JSON or XML data format – one per line with quotes around each element
2547: Adds two vectors. If one input parameter isn't provided it returns null and if they are not equal lengths an exception
2548: Convert an object to string representation with optional indentation and recursion on nested objects/tables – supports user data types
2549: Writes all the event data to file with formatting and precision specified by user input parameters – one line per record of
2550: This function takes an input string of elements and returns the same as output but with its initial character capitalized, all other characters
2551: Generates intervals of length equal to the maximum possible with overlapping between them allowed by given parameters and returns these as list .
2552: Returns the URL of an RFC document given its number or name as input, e..g., '783
2553: Convert string to hexadecimal. 	Inputs : String, Output - Hex representation of the input as strings
2554: Shortens replication task list to be used as input into the AWS S3 Replicator service – converts each item
2555: Check if the given filename ends with .gz extension and return its content without it, or None otherwise 			.eof
2556: This function returns the difference between two JSON objects as dictionaries where keys are fields that exist only on one object and values represent
2557: Convert the platform name to lowercase and replace xxx with amd or arm respectively, then remove slash (-).
2558: Returns the indices of elements in list that satisfy given function.  Code is used to find all indexes from an array which satisfies
2559: Clean the text of claims in list format, remove leading zeros and return cleaned texts as output if they exist else input is
2560: Returns the length of an input string. If it's longer than or equal to seven characters, returns its actual character count
2561: Defines the strategy of an event. 1 = Basics,  0 =  Normal , -3= Perfecto .
2562: Returns the input offset list.  This is just an example function that returns its argument as it'll be used in other
2563: Disable next audio content and enable previous one.  If both are true then display none else block .   ## Code
2564: Implemented Binary Search Algorithm. It searches an array of elements in sorted order using the divide & conquer strategy to find
2565: Generates an empty file of the specified byte count in MBs.""", max=36), ("def create():
2566: Convert string to tuple of ints representing the corresponding date in years and weeks from an ISO 8601 format like
2567: This function performs the inverse operation of XOR on each pair bits in an integer. It is used to perform parallel operations and
2568: Convert the input to its integral part, rounding downwards if necessary .  If it isn’t possible or impossible due
2569: This function updates the state of an async update scheme. It takes in three parameters - regulatory functions to be updated and
2570: A function to create search results.  It takes three parameters - 'Title', and two optional ones '-'Items'. If
2571: Compute the maximum depth of nested tables. The function takes as input an iterable object and returns its deepest level or
2572: Generates sequence components based on the given template.  The first component is of type 'template' and strands are +
2573: Checks if two files have the same name but different extensions.  If they do then returns True else it will return false
2574: This function calculates the duration of an electrical pulse given its quantum number q in MeV/ns . It is based on
2575: Returns the x and y offset values in degrees of CIE XY color matching functions. The function is used to convert between
2576: A function to return the major, minor or patch level of an application's software. If no argument is provided it
2577: Get the name of component without .PY extension from context dictionary object 	Inputs : Context Dictionary Object with 'componentN
2578: Merge two configuration files into one using the second file's values overwritten by first ones if they exist and are not
2579: Calculates the derivative of function at point 'x' with step size/height. If input parameters are invalid returns zero and
2580: Transform the input to its corresponding ASCII representation.  If character is not printable or control then replace it with '\
2581: Returns the value associated with given `dict` and its corresponding keys.  If not found in dict then it raises an error
2582: Create an action with the given URL and optional labels.  If language specific strings are provided they will be used as fallback
2583: Convert an Entity ID to EndPoint Id .  e..g, if input is "e3", output will be
2584: This function calculates the maximum amplitude of path way preference scores and returns it along with its index position if any exist; otherwise
2585: Check if two strings are equal below each other in the decimal notation of numbers – ie., check whether one string is
2586: Returns the domain of given URL with its corresponding Sub Domain if it exists else returns 'at' symbol .  [Domain
2587: Find the minimums of all concavity along columns from left to right within each row; return as dictionary with column indices
2588: Get VPC configuration from AWS LAMBDA function config .  # noqa : disable=L041
2589: Removes all the specified characters from string input and returns it as output  .   Code is used to remove any character that
2590: This function calculates the flow rate of an object in one compartment based on its traceability status and other parameters provided by
2591: Extracting the NetMask from an IP Address with its corresponding /NETMASK  .   ## [extracted using
2592: Returns the number of pre blank frames in seconds based on given parameters .  The function takes as input an object containing properties like
2593: Returns the length of rank if it is more than one digit, otherwise returns “zero”. If there're no
2594: Check if the file name is one of certain files to be ignored in integrity check  .   ## [Optional]: Add
2595: Convert the given USD amount to another currency.  The conversion rate is provided in exchange of one US Dollar .   Code
2596: Calculates the curvature of an ellipse with given parameters and returns its radii at two points along curve from one point
2597: A dictionary of parameters used in the EfficientNet models with different numbers or versions . The keys are strings that represent these names
2598: This function returns discovery data in the format required by the discoveries page.  It is used to populate dropdowns
2599: This function calculates the number of times that an input signal crosses its own threshold line at different points within another one .
2600: Check if the given string represents an IPv4 prefix.  Returns true when valid, false otherwise . If it's invalid
2601: Returns the base hazard rate of die with given id, returns None if no such dice exists in database .	Type IDs
2602: Find the first element in sequence that satisfies given predicate.  If no such elements exist then return none .   Code snip
2603: Converts the given key into pairs of relation and node.  If it's in one way or another relationship with
2604: This function returns the adjusted detector length based on whether it's set to be auto (->None), manual inputted value
2605: 返回任务的结束时间。如果没有指定，则默认为当前系统时钟的时间戳. .
2606: Get the center name of an object's zone or parent centers if not in specific zones/centers, else return empty
2607: This function checks if the given list of compounds are reacting with each other. It does so by checking whether there is one
2608: Calculates the quadrent from decimal number. 10 in binary is Q3, and it's represented as .
2609: This function groups the given list of Docker Images by their content advisors, returning them as dictionary where keys are Advisor
2610: This function checks if the line is an end to names listing in .names file format – ie., it matches with
2611: Converts an array of integers into multiple vectors based on the number options per element and elements to be generated .  The
2612: Checks if the model already injected medCamDict.  Returns True or False as appropriate .   Code is used
2613: Dump arguments passed to the function as JSON. If verbosity is enabled, it will print out all keys and values of
2614: Remove items from the dictionary based on provided function as key and value conditions – returns remaining ones with their original order preserved .
2615: Update config from an overridden dictionary using the keys of another one as common fields to be updated .  If key is
2616: Calculates the future value of an investment with given present values and interest rate over time period 'n'. ...
2617: Returns true if the string contains any duplicate characters. If 'useDict' is set to false then it will return whether
2618: Compiles the data package settings into dictionary of datasets and their respective variables.  The function takes as input an object containing all
2619: Get the probability of surviving in blockchain based on given parameters and current state . Returns either uniform or linear decay depending upon
2620: This function combines overlapping intervals into larger ones if possible by merging them with the next interval in line order of their start
2621: Mask an IPvX Address. 	Inputs are the network part of your desired subnetted/masked version
2622: This function calculates the maximum possible palinorme size that can be formed from given string with its middle character as one
2623: Converts tuple to base mask.  If the input is from bc labs tool then it conversts Pic
2624: Get the IdentityPool id by its Name.  [getIdentityPools] .  10/3rd -
2625: A function to calculate the survivors of Joseph's algorithm. The number 'k', represents how many people are skipped
2626: A function to safely divide two numbers. If the second parameter is zero or overflows then it returns infinity if 'ignoreOver
2627: This function takes an arithmetic string as input and returns the product of all numbers within it, treating each number separately from others
2628: Sanitses phone number to be in the format of "+ 987 6" or just ". .." if
2629: This function rounds the input i to nearest multiple of given integer 'size'. It is similar in functionality as Python's built
2630: Check if the file path f refers to an ignored OS X system files/directories  . git ignore, DS store ,
2631: This function calculates the weight of an inverted pendulum based on its initial and final conditions. It uses Chaos
2632: This function filters out the URLs from given list of relations suggestions, returning only those that start with 'https' or have
2633: Generates textual representation of the departing flights.  The departure is made by concatenating each flight's details to
2634: This function handles the $ match operation on _ id field with wildcards (*).  It checks if "_" exists as
2635: Returns the slots in an IntentRequest object as dictionary .  This function is used to extract slot values from intents that have
2636: A function that calculates the distribution of skills based on given parameters and returns it as dictionary with scores mapped to probabilities . The
2637: Check if the given primary colors are additively equivalent. 1st and second arguments should be either red, green ,
2638: Loads an array from the specified .txt or binary format using given loader function and returns it – loads data into memory
2639: Generates the name of an element in neural network. The function takes two parameters; 'sizes' is used to determine
2640: Check if the given tool exists in PATH or not – returns boolean value based on whether it's available to use as
2641: Pack data into the format required by the model's input function – one record per instance with features and target variable included
2642: Override the default python sockets with our own implementation of them, allowing us to control how they are created and bound in
2643: Adds cheese to the top of an array if it doesn’t already exist in that list, and returns modified version as
2644: This function calculates the volume of water flowing through an aquifer. 	Parameters are input parameters that describe how much rain
2645: Convert byte size to human readable format.  For example, convert '9876' from Bytes into KB
2646: Create and return the configuration dictionary of an empty window with given id . The returned object is used to configure windows in tk
2647: Calculates the temperature factor based on HVAC control type, high or low . Returns an integer between [lowest possible
2648: Get the full signature of an instance or static function.  If no specific name provided it will return just its type and parameters
2649: Convert the given tree to dictionary format using recursion and depth first search algorithm – walk function . This will convert nested d
2650: Normalize the events of an input document by merging similar arguments into one and removing duplicates from list .  This function
2651: Counts the number of segments from paths. The segment is defined as any sequence separated by an empty space or newline character
2652: Calculates the reward based on current state and chosen actions. The negative of both values are used to simulate an inverse game where
2653: Converts sentences into ids using the given dictionary of unique tokens and their corresponding indices – replaces digits with
2654: Convert two matrices to numbers.  The first matrix is converted into the number representation of its elements and then multiplied by another
2655: Checks if two files are the same.  Returns True or False based on whether they're equal in terms of content
2656: Trims leading/trailing whitespaces from the string, if any exist in it .  If no such spaces exists then
2657: Convert the given bounding boxes to COCOn format.  The output is in form of list containing four elements representing min
2658: A function that takes two lists of pins and returns the corresponding values from one list to another.  It uses an internal dictionary
2659: Compute the distance between two intervals of time/space using their corresponding tags as identifiers .  If they are different types
2660: This function returns the smallest value of an array. It starts by assuming that it is smaller than any other number and then checks
2661: Remove important elements from the configuration dictionary.  This function removes keys that are not necessary to create an image or data analysis,
2662: Convert Telegraf formatted string to python formatting strings  . . .. ...").format() ->
2663: Process file types based on the given mime type.  If no match is found, returns raw as default return value .
2664: ''.join([f'{k}: {v}'for k, v in job['prefetching'].items
2665: Remove macrotasks from the given list of block objects by excluding those that are defined with specific names – useful when
2666: Returns the difference between each instance and its corresponding CounterFactor.  If an element of 'Instance' array has string
2667: Returns the ranking of each unique number from an input dictionary by counting how many numbers are less than or equal to it and assign
2668: Calculates the ratio of debt payments to income.  If either input parameter missing returns zero as default value." summary"
2669: Returns the right justified version of input string. 	Width is used to determine how many characters should be on each side in
2670: Translates text using the provided dictionary of translations .  If no translation is found it keeps original form and if '
2671: This function takes as input the URI of an object and returns only its host part after removing any path information from it using Python
2672: Convert Snakes to Upper Camels – convert the given 'Snakeless' name into an uppercase version of it
2673: Moves the position of an object in one direction. The function takes two parameters; 'steps' and current location ('position
2674: Convert attribute types of the given table to string or float based on their class name; if not recognized return original data  Code
2675: This function calculates the coverage of Bestie'd by finding all individuals and their friends in one line using Python list comprehens
2676: This function calculates the number of iterations needed to train an algorithm with nb examples and given batchesize .  It
2677: A function that returns the number represented by an input value or None if it cannot be determined from its content .  It uses
2678: Builds the topic to subscribe on. 	Input : Client UUID, Output - Topic name . e..g /
2679: Computes the relative frequency of an account in relation to its base class using two different methods and returns their difference as ratio between
2680: Code defines two functions to check if the given string is 'good' or not based on certain conditions like prefixes/ suffix
2681: Returns the line number of buffering. If no buffer is set then returns zero . Otherwise it will return current count in that
2682: Convert the size of memory in byte to human readable format. For example, convert from Bytes -> Kilob
2683: Returns True if the given number is divisible by four. Otherwise, returns False . Code snippet to be used in
2684: Defines function f and applies it to the numbers 0, then returns list of results .   ## Code :def
2685: Check if the argument is either 'b', ‘u’, and/or ''a''. If none of these
2686: A function to calculate the number of ways you can arrange 'i' items in an ordered sequence with exactly k gaps. This
2687: This function takes as input an OpenAPI Schema and returns the equivalent JSONSchema without root level properties that are either required or
2688: This function checks if the given year number belongs to leap years. A common rule of thumb in many countries, including USA;
2689: This function takes as input an dictionary and returns another one with the third element of each value pair removed from it."
2690: This function finds the Lowest Common Ancient of two nodes in Binary Search Tree by recursively traversing down from
2691: Convert input to LUA dictionary format if it's not already one and vice versaCopy the given object into an equivalent
2692: Returns the ratio of x to its reciprocal in one line if it is not zero else returns an error message (-1
2693: Get the data from an IP packet, without decoding it if necessary – only returns first part of each type Ip
2694: This function calculates the size of features based on different options.  It takes into account whether to include absolute values or not
2695: Validates the format of URLs used by HydroShare users to ensure they are properly formatted with '/users/'.
2696: Check if the line starts with -, ## , git and return true/false.  This function will be used to
2697: Count the time between events of two types and store them into an interval list – used to calculate duration or latency from one
2698: Returns the string representation of limit.  If no value provided, returns an empty String; otherwise return 'Limit' followed by
2699: ... }.keys() 	return service codes[0] if not in the dictionary else return translation of that key to string
2700: Removes all backslash characters from the given text/code snippet, if any exist; otherwise returns original unmod
2701: This function takes two arguments - an input string and list of frame numbers in 3d file format as outputted by the
2702: A function to convert an integer into its binary representation. The input is the decimal equivalent of some base n numbers, and it
2703: Remove specified ions from molecula' . format() function to generate smiles string of the given mol object, using
2704: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2705: Detects if an API Version “V” exists at URL EndPoint . If yes then returns V else raises error
2706: Finds the middle node of linked list by using two pointers approach, one pointer moves twice as speed than other
2707: Detects if the given string contains "Nonces are below minimum threshold" in it'll return True or False based
2708: A function to calculate the derivative of an equation.  The first element in tuple is constant and second one depends on input variable
2709: Replace all occurrences of 'old' with the new string in given text/string 	Example usage : "
2710: Simpson's rule integration of function 'simplified version'. The integral is calculated over the interval [A , B
2711: Create an error message when the module to be imported isn't found or can’s been resolved by Pip .
2712: Removes the first occurrence of 'keyword' from string "message".  If not found returns original text as is .
2713: Returns the family of distributions supported by scikit learn's estimators, based on input string 'dist'. If dist
2714: Get Hierarchical Phenome Profile from Cluster IDS – Mapping to HPID and Synonym mappings
2715: Get default arguments of function.  Returns an empty list if the given object does not have any argument definitions, ie.,
2716: Convert RGB to YCbCr color space conversion function in Python .	Type of input and output : float ,float,.
2717: Count the number of lowercase letters between A and F from string input "s".  Return total character counts as an integer
2718: Extract CDS lines from bed file and return as list of strings . 	Input : List[str] ->
2719: Check if the given table id ends with "_ext".  Returns True or False accordingly . This function checks whether an input
2720: Reverse the even nodes in linked list by swapping their data with next one and then updating pointers of remaining
2721: 对齐偏移量。如果需要，将剩余的值添加到当前位置以使其成为一个完整
2722: This function filters out the least number of opposites pieces on any given board from provided list/array 'boads'.
2723: Convert the input to an integer if possible and return it as power of ten; otherwise just convert number into its equivalent decimal form
2724: This function returns the features that are present across all lists of feature sets provided as input parameters, excluding PL and Sg
2725: Find the SageMaker input or output of an AWS CodeBuild project from its job data  Input Artifcat Name
2726: This function returns the transformation parameters required to perform transforms on an input of size 'n'. The default values are set as
2727: Returns the formatted string of an ID in Slack's standard notation, ie., starts with 'U', followed by
2728: Creates an schedule .txt or csv files.  The data is read from the specified input and written into another text
2729: Calculates the error squared. – [1] .[3]./..../..././/./.........
2730: 检查两个基因组是否匹配。如果symmetric为True，则还需要另一个相反的序列来
2731: Convert seconds to text format. For example convert '48' into minutes and hours or just the second if less than one
2732: A function to find the median of three numbers.  It uses ternary operator in python .   # Examples
2733: This function returns the size of an image in pixels.  It takes two parameters - width and heigth which are used
2734: Returns the maximum length of digits in n' integer part and fractional parts separated by decimal point if present else returns only
2735: Returns the normalized coordinates of rectangle. If height is greater than width returns invalid values (-inf,-infinity , inf infinity
2736: Convert the integer to its corresponding string representation.  For example, convert "6" into "[STATUS]: MONITOR
2737: This function calculates the percentage of correct predictions.  It takes two lists as input - one list with actual sequences and another
2738: Check if there are any tasks assigned to anyone. If so, return true; otherwise false." 		   .strip()
2739: Calculates the MURN of an agent in a given environment with parameters defined by its velocity and acceleration .  The formula is
2740: Calculates the GINI index of an array with two dimensions representing groups and instances respectively .  The function calcula...
2741: Computes the gradient of an objective function with respect to one variable at each point along its path through space using finite differences method
2742: Convert database name to internal format if necessary, then replace underscores with hyphens in the rest of it .  If
2743: This function replaces special characters with appropriate ones in the given string and returns it as commentary .  It is used to
2744: Converts an Arabicate number to the corresponding ordinal letter. If 'lower_case' is True then it returns
2745: Returns the description of an AST node if it exists, else returns empty string .  [AST] -> str
2746: Generates unique id from byte. The result is the same as if you used UUIDs in Python' .generate() method
2747: Convert CIDR notation to NetMask format . e..g., convert 'C:\Windows\System' into '/sub
2748: Convert an integer to binary string. If the input is negative, convert it into positive first and then do conversion process; if
2749: This function determines the number of which quadrants point lies. If no specific reference is given then it returns zero in case all
2750: This function takes as input an object of table data and returns the same output but with some modifications to fit within one line if
2751: Checks if the username entered by user matches with any of our predefined usernames in database . If it doesn
2752: Suppresses the values in two dimensions array by adding or subtracting some value. If resultant number becomes negative then it
2753: This function joins the values of all fields within an array into one string separated by 'or'. If display option enabled then it
2754: Initialize the Plugin. This function is called when your extension starts up, and it's used to set
2755: Flatens an argument into its constituent elements if it isn’t already one of the specified types, otherwise returns itself as
2756: Find the length of common sub string between two strings. If no such substrings exist then return an empty strin g .
2757: This function checks if the given model is suitable to be used as part of an onboarding process. It returns
2758: Returns the EPSG Code based on whether or not it is north of 98th meridian. If true then returns
2759: Get the first data source that matches given name or raises an error if none found  . Parameters : - `prefix`
2760: Calculates the length of an adiabsent particle in micrometers based on temperature and reference values  .
2761: This function finds the second maximum number in an array of numbers, if it exists; otherwise returns "None". If there is
2762: Try to change the current working directory on an FTP server using given path as argument and return true if successful else false
2763: Set the targets to be discovered by Discoverer object . 	Parameters : discovers -> list of strings or string
2764: Check if the given number is evenly divisible by two. If it's not, return 'No'. Otherwise,'
2765: Generates symbol definitions table from the given list of Symbol objects and returns it as string format .  The generated definition is based
2766: This function takes two arguments - 'M' and the list of all possible movements that can be made by each robot from its
2767: Computes the middle value of an array or list, if it's odd then returns one number else two numbers are returned
2768: Calculates the number of seconds in an object's time duration represented as dictionary .   ### Code : calcula el
2769: Calculates the Rey's number.  Input is velocity of fluid in m s^−1 and distance to reach
2770: This function returns the Unicode of an input letter. If it's not in Uppercase, raises error . Otherwise return
2771: Create and return the greeting message with given 'Name' in specified format . This function takes two parameters - Name
2772: Load event data from file into memory – timestamped strings of format "YYYI" . Returns min and max tim
2773: This function converts the given string to its equivalent radio/ video stream format if it is not already present, else returns
2774: Convert underscores to spaces, but only if they are at the start of word or after punctuation markers like .
2775: Filter the list of 'BIDS' by specific ids – returns only those with matching "bid" ID .
2776: Sorts the list of stats values by flows using lambda function as key to determine order – sorted based on flow count
2777: Unwraps the classes of an object graph to get all unique instances and returns them as list  [CLS]
2778: Convert buffer size type to actual value.  If the input is not recognized, return default of one KB as per requirement .
2779: This function checks if the object is of type car, person , bicycle etc.  It returns True/False based on
2780: Checks if the program was run from command line.  Returns True in CLI mode, False otherwise .   Code Example
2781: This function takes as input list of tuples and returns dictionary. The first element is used to index the output, second
2782: This function takes an input string and replaces underscores with spaces. It is used to convert the name of entities into
2783: Returns whether the current device is one of our known devices. This function should be used to check if your application supports
2784: Finds the longest common substring of two strings.  If no such string exists return -987643
2785: Transforms the list of numbers by dividing each number with given decimal point value and returns new transformed values as output  .
2786: This function replaces the occurrence of 'new' with itself in given string by replacing all occurrences if not specified otherwise
2787: This function takes as input an object with sections and options within those sectio nd returns the first value of each pair
2788: Calculates the standard deviation of an array using numpy's var function and then taking square root to get normality factor
2789: Format PR link as inline HTML. 	Inputs pr number, returns formatted string of the form "[PR#xxxx]"
2790: Downloads file from Google Drive by its URL and returns the direct link to it .  [CSV format].   #
2791: Load JSON data from the specified .JSON files and return it in dictionary format if possible else returns an empty dict object  Code
2792: Returns the memcached key used to store stories.  If specified returns only one of two versions if available else it will
2793: Transform the input into an array of errors with 'Syntax Error' objects and their positions within each original string .  For
2794: Format visualization parameters into string representation – e.. g., min=0 max = 1 gain= 4 bias -3
2795: Simplify the given square/rectangular 'n x n' integer array by removing all pairs of elements that have opposite
2796: Check if the given string matches any of our predefined types.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .
2797: Convert the input to Double if it isn’t already one or return an error message when invalid . …"."...
2798: Convert JSON to object with attributes defined by the keys of 'fields' dictionary  Code:. . .. ... : #enddef
2799: This function returns the 'Natural Product Line' indicator based on input. 0 is considered as Excelling, first number
2800: Convert hex color to RGB tuple. Code snippet from the webpage https://www.rapidtables .com/
2801: Returns True if the inputted value or data element represents an integer that's not divisible by two; otherwise returns False
2802: Solve function to find optimal value of θ. It uses Newton's method with damping factor and gains ratio as
2803: Convert the input string to SnakCase format, ie., all lower case with underscores instead of spaces or d
2804: Determine the redemptions bullet point based on number of remaining legal maturity month. If there is only one left then
2805: Returns the closure of an object as dictionary where keys are variable names and values their corresponding closured variables's captured state .
2806: Convert list of variable names to readability. 	Inputs : List[str] -> Output = str, where
2807: Perform operations on two numbers. If the third parameter 'true' then perform inversion operation else just multiplication or division depending
2808: Convert the input to string representation. If it's boolean, convert into lowercase; if None then return 'Null'.
2809: This function sums values of two dictionaries if they are both containing the same keys with corresponding numeric types only; otherwise it
2810: Corrects the phase of an array to be within [-pi, pi]. This is useful when dealing with angles in spherical
2811: Convert Hexadigit to Decimal. Code is written by using the ASCII value of each digit and then converting
2812: Generates the name of pickled file.  The filename is based on an input number n and appends "_pk".
2813: Convert SRID to URN string representation – OGR/GDAL support only WGS8 fourcc
2814: Calculates the center of an image. If input isn't valid then returns none and if it doesn’s make sense
2815: This function checks if the input string can be converted to float or integer without any loss of precision in Python 3 . The
2816: Returns the days of week that are not available on selected course day.  Code is used to get all possible combinations from given
2817: Setup SSL Context based on configuration parameters – if HTTPS is disabled then return none; else create an ssl
2818: Extracts the specified data from each observation list within an inputted 'observation' object and stores it into another dictionary
2819: Returns the color and boldness of text based on test result. – [Your Name] -[Date].   .
2820: Get all the outgoing connections from an id on graph G .  Returns list of dictionaries with connection details if found else
2821: Generates an EverGreen friendly name from the given parameters.  If any of them are provided it will be added to our
2822: A function that removes duplicate elements from the input list of strings by maintaining their order and only keeping one occurrence each time it enc
2823: Remove spaces from the text input string, and remove any non printable characters if they exist .  If there are no visible
2824: Check if all the given set of 'expect' are present and return number missing. If any difference between expect & collect then
2825: Convert UTM Zone to EPSG Code .   Converts the given UTC+Zone into an equivalent epsgrecode
2826: Checks if the string starts with either of two patterns, Location or Site number respectively .  Returns true when it finds one
2827: This function filters out the null characters from string.  It does so by iterating over each character of input and adding it
2828: Convert frequency to integer. If the input is positive or zero then return it as given otherwise convert negative number into its absolute value
2829: Check if the given information is not recordable or not, ie., it doesn’t appear to be part of any
2830: Remove thousand separators from an integer as string formatting . This function takes in the input of type str and returns
2831: Convert the given POS Tag to its corresponding word class.  If not recognized, return none .   Code is used in
2832: Filter and limit the number of regions based on probability score above certain thresholds – returns top 'max' entries with
2833: Limited time execution of function with cleanup on exit – Threaded version using Python's builtin threads and events to
2834: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
2835: Pack leaf record into bytes and store it to the database or cache . Code is used by dbus interface of libdbengine
2836: This function returns the most popular talks by views. It takes in list of video titles and prints out which one is considered to
2837: Convert float number to scientific notation format with precision upto 1 decimal place . Eg : input = 40 returns '
2838: Convert date and/or timestamp to YmdHis format in python  . The function takes as input the string representation of an
2839: This function converts IO tags to BIO format using the IObio convention where O is not considered as an entity and
2840: This function calculates the cosines similarity between two vectors. It is used to measure how similar or disimilar they are
2841: Similiarity between two lists of items.  It counts the number and percentage similarity based on common elements among both list
2842: Convert GPU names into neutral ones, i.,g.: "Intel® Graphics Processing Unit" -> Intel Gpu
2843: Transform reserved symbols in the string to their HTML entities equivalent, if any are found within it; otherwise return original input as
2844: Create an adjacency matrix from the provided PPI data – one per line of input file with each entry being comma
2845: Returns the name of media file based on given parameters.  The format is determined by extension (.jpg/.png).   Example
2846: Calculates the derivative of force with respect to temperature.  If both inputs are provided then it calcula...   [TR
2847: Sort the given list of 'Ships' by their size/number vertices ids if they exist; otherwise return an empty
2848: Quick sort algorithm implementation. It sorts an array of integers using the QuikSort method and returns it sorted as output."
2849: Get the first part of DOI before 'failed' or after pending in case it exists, else return original Doi
2850: This function calculates density of two components in mixture model using weights and returns result as output .  If weight is zero then
2851: This function formats the mappers from one or more files to their corresponding indices and returns them as list of strings with each
2852: This function checks if the given integer is part of either grouping defined by one or two different points. If it's
2853: This function takes two dictionaries and an integer as input parameters; it creates the next generation of polymers by subtracting
2854: Create an AWS EC Instance ARN. 	Inputs : Owner ID , Region Name and the awd id
2855: Function to calculate the week number of today based on date. If input parameters are invalid return none else returns integer representing current calendar
2856: Compare two individuals based on their fitness and dominance relation with another one or set of ones – used in Genetic Algorithm
2857: This function returns the qualified name of an object in database.  It takes two parameters - "Schema Name" and Table/
2858: Return the most general superclass of all classes that are passed as arguments to it, or none if no such class exists .
2859: Convert bytes to human readable format using KB, MB and GB units respectively . e..g., "3678
2860: Convert CammelCase to lower case with underscores between each word . Example : "CamelsRule" => 'cam
2861: Removes all the consonants from an inputted word or phrase and returns it as output – with no vows
2862: This function calculates the position of an object in time. It takes three parameters - current animation's frames number and its
2863: Calculates the return rate of net values. 	Inputs : List[float] -> Returns float or None if
2864: Generates vCard name from the given Contact object – title followed by first and middle names separated with underscores;
2865: Returns True if the given DrOne object's state status equals to 'ACTIVE', otherwise False.  [1pt
2866: A function that returns the list of all numbers up to 'stop' which are factors/divisor and also those between two
2867: Extracts eye id and its associated data from the given dictionary of pupils' datums .   Returns tuple with these details
2868: A function that returns the value of an equation represented by its coefficients. The coefficient are given in descending order, ie
2869: A mapper that applies the given mapping to each element of an iterator. The result will be another generator yielding elements
2870: Computes the scater of two parallel raw data points from an input tensorflow/keras models .  It is used
2871: This function creates and returns the dictionary of tokens mapped to their corresponding indices.  It also counts how many unique terms it has
2872: Replace \textbf{text} with <i> text and vice versa in LaTeX input string, using regular
2873: Convert an unsigned integer into its signed equivalent. If the input is positive or zero then return it as such; otherwise convert negative
2874: This function returns the list of neighboring id'd to each given set or dictionary with all possible combinations that are within one unit
2875: Prints the second element of each subarray. If an array has less than two elements it prints " < nil > ".
2876: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the maximum number found within it using Python's builtin 'Max
2877: Generates the DCID of census tracts.  If no input, returns an empty string; if all zeros
2878: This function calculates the new intensity of each pixel by multiplying its current value with given factor and rounding it off to
2879: Extract the name of gene from GFF comments line by using regex to match and extract information about transcrpt id,
2880: Code defines the Semantics of an expression in Python language using recursion and factorial function from python's builtin library
2881: Returns the color from given colormapping.  If value is out of range returns black if it's at min or
2882: This function formats the percentiles to display as strings with one decimal place, e..g., '98%'.
2883: A function to convert hours into the number of whole units. The conversion is done by multiplying hour with its equivalent in minute
2884: Generates the differences between two snapshots of file metadata – ie., files that have been created or deleted since last
2885: This function formats the given number to specified decimal places using string formatting and returns it as an integer or floating point value if
2886: Switch block hash function.  Returns the value of "hash" key in given dictionary object as output from switching blocks .
2887: Convert CammelCase string to underscored format joined by "_". If the input is an upper case character followed and before
2888: Create URL with Query parameters to fetch recent tweeting data from Twitter API using the given search term as input parameter – T
2889: Counts the number of times an alignment is made in two sequences. If one sequence has been split into multiple alignments then
2890: A function to generate an empty chess game/table with the given 'n' as its dimension.  The table is
2891: Check the validity of raw monitor values, if valid return them in an array format else false  .   ## Code :
2892: A function to calculate the series of numbers. It uses recursion and memoization technique with two default parameters set at zero
2893: This function calculates the minimum and maximum values of each column from given data set, returning them as list within another lists .
2894: Count the instances of each character/symbol present within string.  If dictionary provided then update it with counts else create new one
2895: Filters the cheapiest options from given list of travel services's trip details and returns them as per request number 'n
2896: Convert the first character of each word in an ID to uppercase and return it as part 3 id string . e..
2897: This function checks if the given number 'N' can be expressed as power of two. It uses recursion to check each
2898: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers and converts it to ULPs or units of length in one unit step from
2899: Return the Pythonic way to get an object of type with its name as key from dictionary . If not found return ...	.
2900: This function takes two arguments - jsons dict and field type. It returns the fields of json as dictionary with integer keys starting
2901: Get the value of an object as it would be in function form if no other context was given to get its actual values or
2902: Defines function to pad the end of strings with spaces until they reach specified length using Python's built in functions and classes
2903: Cut the position of source by one step. If no character to be removed then return 1st pos else remove last char
2904: Returns the number of bytes required to store an integer.  The function is used by other functions that need byte size information about
2905: This function rounds the number of filters in an image. It takes three parameters; 'width coefficient', and two divisors
2906: Check if the given filename is of type .CSV/.XLS and also contains either 'Py' OR '.nb'.
2907: Convert Unix timestamp to date string in format "dd/mmm yyy" 	Example usage : print("Today
2908: Get the program argument. 			return arguments list of all parameters passed to function call, or None if no parameter is provided
2909: Convert snakeless string to camel case or uppercamell	case based on the input provided by user .  If it
2910: Check if two strings are Anagrams.  If they have the same characters in any order but different quantities - return True
2911: This function converts the binary string to its equivalent decimal form by replacing “one” with one and two respectively, then
2912: Check if the given distribution is one of our known ones.  If it's not, return false; otherwise true .
2913: Ensure that the URL ends with '/' if not already present, add it to make valid API endpoints 	Input
2914: This function lists the directories that contain both "./trian history" file (. json format )and saved models directory ."
2915: Get parameters from the given dictionary of templates and parameter names to their corresponding default or provided settings . --> Parameters
2916: Serializes JSON to an object. This function is used when you want the data from your Json file into Python objects
2917: Rescales the contors of an image by scaling their size relative to another object' sizing or scale factor provided as
2918: Compute the Hamachers product of two numbers in [ ]. . : return value is computed as "the ratio between their
2919: Convert list of routes to unique string representation, useful when comparing with other sets or dictionaries  .   # TODO : Add
2920: Converts DNA sequence to RNA. 10 points possible." I"mplemented by:"Implementation
2921: Parses command line arguments.  Arguments are parsed into mode and query parameters, which determine the type of operation to
2922: Checks if two numbers are congruit. 1 means they're the same modulo N; otherwise it returns
2923: Returns the appropriate Exchange ID based on instrument id prefixes .e..g., returns ".sh" if first character of an
2924: Calculates the maximum distance between two places and subtracts coverage. If there is no cover available then returns zero else return
2925: Returns the units of an object. If no such attribute exists, it tries to return its .units or returns 'unknown
2926: Transforms the input list of strings into an array where each string is transformed to be all uppercase and separated by ' +
2927: This function finds the least common multiple of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to calculate LCM by finding
2928: Compute the volume of triangle formed by given coordinates in three dimensions; return as float number . This function takes two parameters
2929: Builds and returns an appropriate notification about new activities in courses .   [ ]   10 points    4/6
2930: Create an image URI based on the provided parameters . The function returns AWS ECR repository URL to be used as input in training
2931: This function returns the integer value of filter character. It maps each letter to its corresponding number in an array that represents all possible
2932: This function converts IOVEs to BIO format using the given list of labels/tokens as input .  It
2933: Create an object to be used as the basis of delegation in Amazon Lex. 	Parameters : - `delegates
2934: This function takes an array of dictionaries, each containing Polymers ID and Alignment Sequence. It returns the sequences
2935: Checks if the given inputted word or phrase forms palidromic sequence by comparing each letter from both ends towards center
2936: Returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to n. If there's no such number, it returns
2937: Rotates the given 3xN Matrix by clockwise. The input is expected to be square and of size N x
2938: Builds and returns an object containing the results of performing some operation. The returned dictionary contains information about whether or not it
2939: Computes the first order approximation of function 'derivative' at point "eps" around parameterized by input.
2940: Calculates the momentum of PyCLS model training process based on given parameters .	Parameters : Alpha , Total Batch
2941: Calculates the score of an item based on its position in list or array, with lower scores indicating higher priority and vice vers
2942: Check if the input string 'ep' matches with http or https protocol and return it as per requirement else returns none .
2943: Generates an object with the HPO term identifier and its description.  The genes associated to it are also included in output
2944: Calculates the Intersecion over Union of two boxes.  The intersection is calculated by finding common area between both bounding
2945: Apply function to an object. If the input isn't provided or it equals null then return default value if specified otherwise apply
2946: Parses the symbol of an ISBN. 	Input is string, returns parsed ISBn . e..g '
2947: Convert string to floating point number. If the input is either ‘0’, return NaN if it equals any of
2948: This function checks if two strings are Anagrams of each other or not by counting the characters present and comparing them with another
2949: This function takes an array of commands as strings from the user or file inputs . It returns them parsed into command name & argument
2950: Extracts text from the given xml node list recursively and returns as string .  If no nodes are found it will
2951: Normalizes the count data by dividing each value with its corresponding length from provided dictionary of lengths and returns it as new dict
2952: This function returns the elements that are present only one of two lists and none other than those provided as arguments to it."
2953: This function formats file size in human readable form. It takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that files
2954: Removes elements from the list based on given conditions and returns new modified version of it .   [END OF SUMMARY].
2955: This function returns the colormap name based on inputted Band.  It is used to map bands of an image dataset
2956: This function generates the display of Hang Man game based on user's input and current state – it checks if letter
2957: Prepare and return the given list of items with an additional field 'project' that contains project name.  The function also
2958: Builds the response to be sent back as part of an Alexa Skills Kit request. The 'build' function
2959: This function calculates the loss between two numbers based on their difference squared if they are not equal to zero else it returns
2960: Generates report based on the number of added/deleting instance. If no changes are made then returns null else it
2961: Separates the given dictionary into two dictionaries based on whether they have an even or odd number of keys.  Returns
2962: Returns the directory name to be used as part of caching.  This is done by appending "-" and then passed
2963: Calculates the baryon density of an object with given molecular weight and √((3/7)*r^
2964: Calculates the Levenschtein distance between two strings.  This is used to measure how different these sequences are by
2965: Checks if the input string or number can be converted to an integer without any decimal places, ie it should only contain
2966: Calculates the Chi Square statistic of two frequencies and reference frequency . ...	.   ,.,..,,.-._....
2967: This function sorts bookmarked items first, then it append all other types of objects to the end and finally returns sorted list
2968: Verifies if the given 'list' of dictionaries contains only successful HTTP status codes and returns true or false accordingly –
2969: Returns the Net Income after deducting Allowances. 	Inputs : gross income and an additional amount to be
2970: This function compares two lists and returns the elements that are present only once within both list inputs – hence identifying metadata columns
2971: Returns repeated labels from the input list of strings – returns an empty array if there are no repeats found . The function
2972: Convert string to number, with support of leading zeros in digits or fractional part – e..g., "
2973: This function checks if the given bucket or collection matches with provided ids. If it does then returns true else false .
2974: Check if the given object is an existing table in database, returns True/False accordingly – based on whether it's
2975: Remove HTML tags from text string 10/3 [48%]. Code to remove all the special characters and numbers
2976: Get the root name of an input filename, without extension .txt or any other suffixes like _data_, …..
2977: Checks if the input string contains at least two numbers or not .  Returns True/False accordingly based on that condition	.
2978: This function calculates the pressure of an object at its maximum possible temperature.  It takes two parameters; Pression in P
2979: This function checks if there is any difference between the two lists of labels and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it has
2980: Checks if the input integer can be reversed without type casting. If it's negative, zeroes are not allowed
2981: Convert file path to posix format  .e..g /home/user/.ssh/* -> ~\.\dot
2982: Finds the index of first separation between parentheses. If no separations exist return '-1'.  Code is used
2983: Generates tags based on the given input. 1 tag per row in dataframe, with name of each column as its
2984: Fixes Django headers to be compatible with HTTP/1.* standards by converting underscores into hyphens or removing if
2985: Format the email's Subject line based upon type of notification.  Code is used by the system when sending notifications about
2986: Prints and counts the numbers from target list until it finds an equal to given number. If prints enabled then shows progression
2987: Get the inventory file from config and stages based on user input – returns first matching item found .   - if no match
2988: Parses the SHA values from .shafile and returns them as dictionary {SHAs by Zipcode}
2989: Create an option list from the given string of comma separated values, and return it as one line formatted with parentheses around
2990: Set the default temperature to be used when no specific one is provided by user or in case of error during execution .   [
2991: Returns all the numbers that are factors of given number 'n'.  It uses list comprehension to find out if each element
2992: Remove all the given 'no's that do not have any outgoing/incoming connections from an array of graph elements
2993: Check if the given IP address belongs to localhost/loopback interface – ie., it’s either "Localhost
2994: Converts all characters to uppercase of the input sequence – str ->str . Returns converted string if successful,
2995: Convert list of tuples into dictionary where each tuple is split by '==' and the first element becomes keys while second
2996: This function pads the input time with leading zeros if necessary.  For example, it converts '3' to ''
2997: Convert dictionary to safe format that can be used with MongoDB or other NoSQL databases using the . and / as separ
2998: Convert the given pitches to their corresponding string representation. 	} .format() is used in place of {} when passing
2999: A function that takes as input an object of type 'Tweets' and returns the number, length or frequency count
3000: Computes the edge weights between two Histograms using specified distance measure and returns them as an array of floats .
3001: This function checks if the inputted string matches any of its possible variants from lowercase to upper case with no extra characters/
3002: This function returns the characters that are present both on one and another string/list of strings or lists respectively.. ...
3003: Counts the frequency of all possible sequences within an array/list using specified length as window size to create N grams from
3004: Creates list of dictionaries from the given state vector with each dictionary representing one row/plane .  Each key is an
3005: Format the argument value to fit within MAX_ARGS length limit, replacing any non alphanumeric characters with
3006: This function returns the edges of an input graph as they are read from right to left, but with their start and end nodes
3007: Calculates the Intersecting Area of Two Bounding Boxes. If they do not intersect then returns zero . The bound
3008: Computes the gradient of Sigmoidal function with respect to its input, ie., dsig/df at point '
3009: This function calculates the value of Tcan 1 in terms on its state variable . The formula is derived from an equation
3010: Compresses the input string by replacing repeated characters with their frequency of occurrence followed directly after them – if it's
3011: Convert labels to reverse order based on IP type – IPv{version} ARPA formatting .e..g., convert
3012: Zip and clean the input.  If value at index 'column' of an element equals to zero , NAN OR
3013: Returns the next coordinate in given directions. If no such move is possible then it raises an error with appropriate message .   [
3014: Binary search on sorted list. Returns the index of first occurrence or None if not found." ---> Code Summary :
3015: Generates an array of arguments to be used with the specified trial and experiment names in order that they can later identify these entities
3016: This function is used to highlight the feature. It returns an object with color and fill properties which are set according features parameters .
3017: Checks if two numbers 'are almost equal' by comparing the absolute difference between them with an error margin of tolerance ‘
3018: Returns the argument names of function or method if available else returns None  .   Code : return argname from getattr()
3019: Convert the input value to floating point number if possible, else return null or original string respectively .  Code snippet :
3020: This function calculates the Bonferonni correction factor. It takes as input two parameters - False Positive Rate and Original
3021: This function takes two lists of tracks and returns their combined list as one line output with unique ids only .  It uses
3022: Map one point onto another on the same scale.  The points are defined by their coordinates and scales respectively in two dimensions only
3023: Perform elementwise division of two vectors.  If the input is not valid it will raise an exception .   Parameters
3024: Remove the specified string from start of inputted strings – one at time .   -> return remaining part after removing all
3025: Generates parameterized strings based on the given string template with optional parameters to be replaced by placeholders in between braces {
3026: Returns whether the given string starts with 'xyz' in any order. If it does then returns true else false . For
3027: Calculates the factor by which one particle interacts with another at distance sqrt[r] . r is in units of
3028: Returns the result of adding or multiplying two numbers. If no arguments are provided it defaults to zero and one respectively . The
3029: Calculates an approximation of integral using riemann's method in python . This module provides functions that calculate approximations
3030: A function that proxies the return value of another call to it. If an error occurs during execution then trace back is
3031: Fixes the given 'age' to be between [min, max] range. If not in valid ages then returns original
3032: This function returns the dictionary of parameters required to generate and display legends.  The default values are set as per documentation but
3033: Returns the full path to data files.  This function is used in conjunction with other functions that require file paths, such as
3034: Get the layer id of vit model layers based on their names in pytorch models . For cls token and pos embed
3035: This function cuts out the given 'Tag' from list of Tags and returns remaining ones as string separated by comma .
3036: Computes the accuracy of sequence generation. It counts correctly and incorrectly classified instances to calculate average performance over time steps or sequences
3037: Returns true if the input is boolean, else false.  If it's an integer then checks whether its value represents either
3038: Convert longent to shorten name of geographical entities in the dataset .   Entity names are converted from their full form
3039: Get heap data associated with variable name.  If the given string is not found within either of our known types return none .
3040: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using an iterative approach.  The input should be integers only
3041: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is one number, and it returns its corresponding Factorials
3042: Detects the file name from given directory or filename, if no extension returns an empty string . This function is
3043: This function returns the menu items of hamberge page in html format .  It includes home, separater and log out
3044: Flips the case of each character within given string based on another specified word/character – if it is upper then lower
3045: Generates the URL to access APOGEE data based on input parameters such as Telescopes and Field names .
3046: Check if the command was successful. If no outputs are provided then check whether there is any error message or warning from stdout
3047: This function checks if the given values are outside of two critical limits.  It returns True when they fall within either limit and
3048: Convert string to unicode if possible using the specified character set or default charset .  If not convert it as given without any
3049: Write the RNX 1 header with specified marker type if provided else default to empty string .   Code snippet
3050: This function takes an iterable of lists and returns the union sets from these list elements that are collapsed into one single element
3051: Validates if the input is an integer or floating point number greater than 1. If not validated then it returns '
3052: Get configuration value by key from dictionary structure using dot notation as the path to it e..g., 'a'->'
3053: Convert string to second, e..g "48" -> 9 days and  7 hrs , etc... .
3054: Checks if an object can be iterated over like list or table, but not necessarily as one of the builtin types
3055: Get vertices of the given 8 points in space. The function takes as input two parameters - 'g' and an array
3056: Calculates the function value of an arbitrary two variable polynomial in terms on one input parameter and returns it as output; if not
3057: This function takes in the first and last names of an individual, converts them to lowercase then splits into two parts
3058: Convert meters to kilograms 	Inputs : Meters, Output = Kilogram   .   1 meter =
3059: Generates the positions of RFs on an array based off given parameters . The first and last position are fixed at zero to
3060: A function to check if the given inputted number represents an actual leap second. This checks whether or not it's div
3061: Checks if the input is an integer. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true and also counts how
3062: This function checks if the given string is equivalent to "True" in case insensitive manner, returns True otherwise False  .
3063: Replace punctuations in the given HTML string with their corresponding ones from English alphabet and return it as output .
3064: Decodes the given string by replacing each character with its corresponding number of times it appears in sequence, then repeating that many characters
3065: Calculates the absolute percentage error between two results using simple arithmetic operations and returns it as an output of function .'
3066: Clean up the input dictionary of lists by replacing spaces with no space and returning as output .  The function takes an object which
3067: Returns the cardinality of movement between two cells in an 8xN grid. The function returns one outof four possible
3068: A function that checks if the input can convert to boolean values in python 3+ . If it's an integer then
3069: Merge adjacent clusters of points that are within the tolerance from each other into one cluster . The first group gets added directly and
3070: Normalizes the given knots vector by subtracting its minimum and dividing it into total range of values between –�
3071: Convert the input string to lowercase if it is not already in upper case format, otherwise return as given .  [1
3072: Check if settings have changed between two tables of configurations .  If so return true else false; otherwise it returns the first setting
3073: Create and return the headers of an inputted Matrix along with its contents as 3D list . The number columns is determined
3074: Convert number to string with commaseparated formatting – e..g., convert .034 into ',-
3075: Set the ad blocking status of Chrome on Android devices . 	Parameters : bool -> whether to enable or disable Ad block
3076: Return the status of network connection. If Network Unavailable, return NETWORk UNAVAILAB
3077: Counts the number of each type o f vowsls present within given string . The function returns dictionary with keys as letters
3078: Get the ordering fields based on serialization class of model used by querysets .  If no such information available then
3079: Adds the given 'rule' to its children if it has not been added before. If there are no child rules then
3080: A function to get the information about fonts.  If no parameters are provided it will return default settings else returns additional info of
3081: Create an URL to fetch issues from the GitHub API based on provided configuration parameters – baseURL, repoOwner and repository
3082: This function formats the test id to have 6 digits. If it is less than or equal, pads with zeros
3083: Calculates the delta of two points in space. The formula is derived from spherical coordinates and it's used to calculate distance
3084: Return the shortened version of pathname by removing trailing slashes and replacing multiple consecutive dots with ellipsis if
3085: Computes the value of λ^{τ} in equation 7.8 from the given parameters . The function takes
3086: Middle ware function to handle user authentication in Apollo Server .  	.   	} , { name : 'middleWare',
3087: Convert the input to boolean value, if possible; otherwise return False . 	Example : "True" -> True ,
3088: Start the Redis Server B and return it' connection object .   ## Code to connect with 'RedishServerA
3089: Generates the number of bits needed to represent an unsigned integer in bytes. This function is used by other functions that need information
3090: Returns visible project objects based on user permissions – if the function parameter 'can view hidden' is true then all are returned
3091: Calculates the Discriment of quadratic equation ax^{n} +bx+c=  = √[d
3092: Generates the login URL based on provided SubDomain .  slackexchange/python - Slacker's Python
3093: Generates an HTML tag that represents the thumbnails of images.  The image is loaded from given URL and displayed as
3094: Generates dictionary of inputs based on the description input list, flag or nonflag type with respective values/options as choices if
3095: This function checks if the input is one of 9 possible values from -6 to +7. If it's not
3096: Returns the URL of an entity.  [...]" . "</code>\n'%s': %r
3097: Convert nested lists to one level deep flattening of the inputted array/lists"  }], "output": {"
3098: This function calculates the separation gain of an object given its initial position and final destination. The calculation is based on Euclidean
3099: Mix two arrays by multiplying each element of the second array with its corresponding one in first and then adding them up to create
3100: Checks if the given string represents valid RGB or HEX colors.  Returns true when it's either of these two
3101: This function calculates the modeled output of an inputted value 'x' using two parameters in linear form with respect to
3102: Normalises the given cooperative matrix.  The result is an object that represents normalized version of input data where each element corresponds
3103: Finds the intersection points between two or more rectangles defined by their boundary coordinates [[x0y], [xy]] where
3104: This function checks the names of molecules and returns their radical counterparts if they exist within given list, else it will return an
3105: Check if the given string name of dataset valid.  If it's invalid then raises an exception or returns false otherwise true
3106: Checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the character counts within them." Code
3107: Get the value of an item from nested dictionary or list using dot notation and return it as string if possible .  If no
3108: Returns the bit at position 'index' in binary representation of number represented by integer value. The function takes two parameters - an
3109: Calculates the final speed of an object. 	Inputs : initial velocity and acceleration in time unit; Output = Final
3110: Returns the status of server. (END OF SUMMARY.)  	def main_menu() -> None :
3111: Returns the location and distance of shortes path from current position to any other given locations. If multiple paths have same minimum distances
3112: reverses the elements of an array. The operation is done by swapping first and last element then second to third etc.,
3113: Removes trailling spaces from the end of string in python 3+ . rtrim is equivalent to trimming leading white
3114: Check if all elements of 'list' are present on one single row.  If any element is missing it returns false otherwise
3115: Sort string alphabetically and replace special characters with their corresponding ones from the map provided by user inputting them as arguments to
3116: Create and manage releases of packages in an eco system.  This can be used to track changes over time or rollback
3117: This function checks the status of different types json files. It takes four parameters and returns an action list in JSON format which can
3118: A function that safely runs another functions and handles exceptions.  If an error occurs during the execution of 'function', it will
3119: A function that takes an array of directories as its argument to prompt the user with each directory' name it finds within those folders
3120: Removes consecutive duplicates from the list of numbers/strings provided as input to function 'removeDuplicated'.  It
3121: Format the given logs to be more human readable and less cluttered  Code Summary : Remove unnecessary characters from python logging
3122: Finds the vertex with maximum number of dominating vertices from given list . If no such node exists return "None".
3123: Create an object reference. 	Inputs : Reference string, returns dictionary with 'reference' key . Example usage
3124: This function swaps the order of elements within each sublists.  It creates an empty list with length equal to number or
3125: Convert binary to state. The function converts the given number in range [0..numBinCount). It maps it
3126: Generates an appropriate waiters status or failure reason from the given JSON object if it exists, otherwise returns default messages .
3127: Defines the function to check if given argument is of allocatable data types. ...   # TODO add more details
3128: Split the input string into multiple lines of maximum 19 characters each, if possible and return as list else append to
3129: Creates and returns dictionary with the information about movies.  The input is expected to be in json format, where each key
3130: Decodes the given string to an integer in Base 34. If invalid input is provided returns false else return decoded
3131: unpacks the parameter from given 'dict' object.  if it doesn’t exist then raises an error with appropriate message
3132: Compute the Bezier curve at parameter t using two points and three controlpoints . The function is recursive to compute each
3133: This function escapes special characters in the given string to be used safely as MarkDown syntax .  It replaces all of
3134: Checks if the given input represents an end of line character. This function returns True when it encounters [ or
3135: Check if the given string is footer of MMF file.  If yes, return True else False .   Code sn
3136: Returns the cache control header string. 	Parameters : int -> The maximum age of object in seconds to be cached by
3137: Check if the step result matches with given string until it is found or end of list reached 	is encountered . If yes
3138: ')  # Prints the text passed to it. This function is used as an indicator of where one line break should occur
3139: Check if the input string ends with 'vec' followed by an open bracket.  If it does, return True;
3140: A function that flattens an input list of lists into one long, single line string – each element separated by space
3141: Convert an inputted command line arguments into integer values, if possible using hexadecimal notation or decimal numbering system respectively
3142: Checks if the given number 'is even' or not. Returns True when it’s an Even Number, False otherwise
3143: Create and return metadata dictionary.  This function is used to generate the initial set of data needed in creating or updating studies on
3144: Checks if two strings are Anagrams of each other by counting the characters and comparing them to see whether they match or
3145: Convert the given number of bits per second to human readable format. If it is zero, return an empty string; if
3146: Create and return the Thank You Message  Code snippet with placeholders replaced by actual values . e..g., '
3147: Validates the rule type input by checking if it's either 'system', or forward'. If invalid returns an error message
3148: Checks if the given voltages are within acceptable range of safe operating conditions 	Inputs : Voltages to be checked
3149: Convert an array of strings to command line arguments string formatting with quotes around each argument if necessary  Inputs : seq
3150: This function takes in the object of type BackLog and returns its attributes as dictionary . 	Formatting is done to make
3151: Convert an integer to its corresponding English word. For example, the input of "ord" would return output as "'first",
3152: Parse Azure Resource Path – Convert an azured path into fully qualified formatting of the given type .  10
3153: Generates all possible pairs of elements from two lists that are not equal to each other – used as part the comparison function
3154: This function breaks up the given text into pieces of equal length and overlapping with each other if possible; otherwise it will break
3155: Convert pixels to meters in one line using the given ratio between two measurements of distance units . e g., convert from inches or
3156: Serializes the type of participation into an object with two properties - "code" and “value” . If no value
3157: Convert file name to positional formatting, ie., remove the drive letter or path information in filename – only keeping
3158: Convert frame count to milliseconds 	Input -> Frame Count and FPS Output => MilliSecond conversion of the
3159: Convert the input dictionary to an array of objects with keys and values from iocs database schema .  The function will convert id
3160: Decode variables from dictionary to string format .  decodes nested and special characters like \n , \\ etc into their actual
3161: Computes the modulo M of an array data. The input is expected to be binary and has length less than or equal
3162: Derive the Platform Name from an Input String – Remove Prefixes and Suffices . ^,., * ,
3163: Generates the URL to access scriptured content on Church of Jesus Christ website based upon given parameters such as book, chapter and
3164: Calculates the sum of hours spent on tasks.  Code is used to calculate and return an estimate based upon task's
3165: A function that sums up the elements of input. If element value can be calculated by subtracting previous errors from it then correct
3166: Returns the complete service level object name.  It takes in an SLO configuration dictionary and returns its fully qualified Service Level Object
3167: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3168: This function checks the correctness of an answer by comparing it with another one using different colors to guess what is missing from that
3169: Generates all possible combinations of the elements from 'elements' that can be moved to another position within an array with maximum size
3170: Check syntax of python script.  If the function is defined in another file then it will return true else false .   if
3171: A dictionary of all the generators and their respective relations to each other's reels – one per generator’ s name
3172: Compute the specified scoring metrics on an estimator using provided data and labels .  Scoring functions are applied to each metric one
3173: Create an Event Filter object. 	Inputs are the property to filter on ("") ,the type of inequality operator as
3174: Convert the given number of second into hours/mins or just Seconds if less then one hour and more that zero .
3175: This function checks if two strings are Anagrams. It does so by counting the number of each character that appears within both
3176: Returns the daily return of an investment with given return rate and risk premium . The formula is derived from Black Scholes model which
3177: Removes all the items with given 'prefixed' from dictionary and returns it .   [ ]    Code : Remove Pref
3178: Generates memnames based on the number of members. The generated names are unique within each grouping defined by their position value
3179: Calculates the value of CGA. If it is either one outlier from two given values then returns zero else if its
3180: Computes the total distance covered by traveling along given routes. The input is an array of cities and their distances to each other
3181: This function checks if the given number is an odd or not. It returns true when it's divisible by two and
3182: Convert tuple of integers to string.  The version number is represented as major, minor and patch versions separated by dots . e
3183: This function returns the current weather condition of any location using World Weather Online API . If no such information is available,
3184: Return the string representation of win/loss status based on given integer. --> Result is either -white wins,
3185: Return the coordinates of an object in relation to its direction. The function takes two parameters; one is string that represents which way
3186: This function takes in an input string and returns the family of that name if it is known, otherwise return 'unknown
3187: Validates the variables passed to it by splitting them into an array of strings then checking each string against all available variable names within
3188: Calculates the arc degrees of an object at given viewing distance and circle's diameter. The result is then converted to rad
3189: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given string, then removes any special characters or numbers in between them .
3190: Flatens the input list of lists into CSV format, each row representing one element from inner arrays and columns separated by comma
3191: This function replaces double quotes with HTML encoded quotation marks and optionally escapes single quote characters if specified."  [
3192: Ignore the given editions of an ebook if they have no valid oclc number, cover art URLs nor
3193: Returns True when the cell is active and has exactly two live neighbours. Otherwise returns False .  This function checks whether cells
3194: Get CF Specifications from Dataset object or dictionary of specifications .  If no such attribute exists return default encoding string otherwise returns
3195: Convert matrix to dictionary list of dictionaries  Code is used convert the given input into an array where each element represents different types
3196: Convert URIs to labels.  If the URI is not found it returns 'None'.   The function takes two parameters
3197: Generates URL with given list of resource paths.  If no path provided then returns the basic one line string representation . Otherwise
3198: This function sorts and formats the given list of 'Device' objects by their ids into an ordered dictionary with empty fields where
3199: This function checks if the file is of type .DAO or not, which are DAE files used to store data analysis
3200: Generates Pascale's triangle up to the given number of rows"   [END SUMMARY].    Code snip
3201: Split the string into individual elements based on delimiter and return them as list of strings .  [ctx] is
3202: Convert megabytes to bytes. Code is based on the conversion factor of one MB = `byte ` . Parameter
3203: Write the given string to disk at specified location with name and extension provided by user input . This function is used in
3204: Calculates the probability of testing positive.  Returns value between [0..1].  	Input parameters are two numbers representing
3205: Returns the list of all unique river names from given set 'Station' objects with their respective boolean values indicating whether they are
3206: Returns the version of FriBankiNg software as an array, where each element is either integer or string representation
3207: Set the timer to call .done on an asynchronous operation when it expires or cancels itself after being called once and
3208: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3209: This function rounds the price to nearest .1 cent, if it is not already rounded by applying taxes or has no tax applied
3210: Generates an array of Hydrogen atoms with given distance between them and number specified by the user .   Code is used to
3211: Generates an SQL string to select fields from table where the values of specified columns are equal .  The result is separated by
3212: Get the database user from config or use provided credential if available else return unknown 	Inputs : Config object with db
3213: Format the given string to be used as an identifier in GeoJSON objects or other similar structures, replacing special characters and spaces with
3214: Counts the number of clips that are present within both reference datasets.  It also takes into account if there is any
3215: Returns the principle quantum number of an atom. The function is used to determine how many electrons are in each atomic nucleus,
3216: Get the value of specific named Cooky from browser's session storage or localStorage if it exists; otherwise return an empty
3217: Clamps the value of n within range [low..high]. 	Example usage :clamp(-10.3
3218: Convert UTM Zone to EPSG Code. If the input string does not represent an actual UTC+x time, it will
3219: Returns the length of an expression. If it's not recognized, returns one by default value which is always equal to zero
3220: Implemented the Postorder Traverse of Binary Tree using Stack data structure in Python 3+ . The function takes
3221: Parsing string of indexes into list or integer values."  [...]   "Prepare the given index ranges and
3222: Filter matches by distance and return only those within the specified threshold of minimum possible range from actual location to target point .
3223: A function to get the title of an object if it exists, otherwise return its summarized version's “title”
3224: Replace multiple substrings within the same string with different ones using one line of Python script – Code to replace all occur
3225: Calculates the difference between two signals and divides it by both. This is used to calculate reflectances of materials in an
3226: Convert exponential representation of number to string. 	Inputs x, Output is the same as input but with e replaced by
3227: Counts the number of paths from node to itself. If it has already been counted before then returns that value else counts and
3228: A function to calculate the middle value of two numbers.	   .    Code : avg_of3 = lambda
3229: A function to calculate the total fish caught in given time period.  If no input is provided it defaults as 'number of
3230: Convert list of measurements from Inches to Metres using the conversion factor .1 inch = ~  39 doth cm
3231: Checks if the genome coding start/end coordinates of two rows are not equal. If so returns True else false .
3232: Normalizes the given column of numerics with respect to its Z score.  The result is an array where each element corresponds
3233: Checks if the given RGB values are within 1 to maximum limit of each color channel. If any value out range return
3234: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach n steps by climbing one, two ,or three staircases. The
3235: Calculates the minimum of two numbers.  Code is written to find out if there are any duplicated elements and return their
3236: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of squaring each digit.  For example, if you pass it
3237: Check if the model has been distributed across multiple GPUs. 	Input -> state dict of parameters, Output => True
3238: This function opens the specified .txt puzzle files, checks if they are valid sudoku puzzles of size 9x
3239: Check if the given `object` has not null values in its fields or default ones .  If it does then return false
3240: Multiply two numbers in the range of -3.4 x [pow] to [-6879].[
3241: Create and return the default workspace settings. This function is used to create an object that holds all of our defaults when creating
3242: Prepare multiple lists of elements into one.  This function takes an iterable collection and returns the flattened version as
3243: Returns the discrimnators specifications to be used in training and testing models with different numbers of filters per layer . The number is
3244: Convert an array of strings to dictionary format where each string in the form 'KEY blob' becomes one entry with KEY as
3245: Get values from the given parameters on Stack outputs dictionary .  Returns an empty dict if not found any value of that parameter present
3246: This function formats unique id based on the MAC address and substring of credentials in it'll return formatted string with both values
3247: A function that finds the closest number to given 'P' from list of numbers.  It uses absolute difference between each element
3248: Extract the net mask from an IP address with its corresponding Net Mask .  For example, if you have '8
3249: Code defines function to replace "frying" with the next syllable. ... ... if
3250: Returns all the records that match with given filter criteria"  .strip()  > "". strip().split(".")[
3251: Remove common English language停用词 from the input list of term/phrase .   ## Code : Python function that removes
3252: checks if the given SQL string contains any parameter placeholders and replaces them with provided list of parameters . If not replaced returns
3253: Calculates the temperature coefficient of conductance.  The function takes two arguments T and an array containing three coefficients from Thermal
3254: Return the sender and their corresponding message. If no one is specified then return nothing or default to ''. 	Return an
3255: This function takes two list of strings as input. It checks if the lengths are equal or else it raises an exception with appropriate
3256: Checks if the first segment of two paths are equal and returns true only when they match up to their length otherwise false or
3257: Calculates the specific thermal conductivity of water at constant pressure and temperature using an array containing coefficients from Stefan–Bol
3258: This function checks if the user likes or dislikes wildlifes and returns their liking level as an integer from
3259: Create or update the mask of tasks. If current is None, return all masks and if not none then
3260: This function recursively converts nested dictionaries to JSON format if they contain specific keys or values within them using the provided dictionary
3261: Convert an associative list to map.  The input is expected as pairs of key and value where each pair represents one element
3262: Open the specified filename and return an object that can be used to read from it with UTF 3BOM or B
3263: Convert an SVN response to list of tag names in the form ["tagname",...] .  If no such string
3264: Get the field name from an SVG axis definition; if transform is defined, return it else get its value as string representation
3265: Get the sub class entry of given super classes and return it if found else raise exception with custom message .  [getSub
3266: Returns the list of program'frame names from given commands dictionary .  This function is used to extract frame name information which will
3267: Replace out of Vocabularies tokens with UNKs – one line function to handle OOV Tok
3268: Checks if the parameters passed to function are valid. If only one parameter is provided then it returns false as there's
3269: Parses the list of supported audio/video encodings from an input string; returns empty if not found in given
3270: Returns the last modified time of an object in Google Cloud Storage. Returns None if not found or cannot be accessed,
3271: Parses command line arguments into dictionary format – e..g., python script1 --argA vala ->
3272: This function returns the three elements of an array. The order is not important in which they are returned as long there's
3273: This function checks if the input is numeric. This includes integers and floating point numbers, but not complex or exponential
3274: 返回一个包含两个元素的列表，第一个是从零开始计数到'nsingle'-1
3275: This function checks if the input string is numerically representable.  It does so by trying to convert it into an integer
3276: Extract region from AWS Lambda Function ARN – returns the first part of arn after ':' in case it
3277: Collects scores from multiple scoring methods and tags into one dictionary – used to get the average or sum of metrics across different
3278: Convert integer to binary representation. If the input is zero return ''. Otherwise convert and concatenates each bit of an unsigned long
3279: This function will return the given string with an added pause.  It is used to mimic human speech in response of AI
3280: This function strips the Google URL parameters from an input string, leaving only domain name and query params if any exist; otherwise it
3281: Checks whether the given string represents an eMail address using regular expressions .   "Cheks Whether The Given String Represents
3282: Checks if the protocol is either ICMP.  If no Protocol specified, returns true; otherwise false and prints an
3283: Calculates the perimiter of rectangle.	Inputs : width and height . Returns -> Perimeters in cm
3284: Get the file name from URLs in Python 3 .get() method returns response object of HTTP request to server, used
3285: Returns the element in list with highest value according to function.  If multiple elements have same maxima return first one encountered .
3286: This function returns the list of all unique lowercase English letters that appear as consonants at least once within an inputted
3287: A function to perform Binary Search on an array. It returns the index of given element if found else it will return '-
3288: Returns the corresponding LIDAR sensor reading in degrees. The function takes three parameters; index of current measurement within its scan and
3289: Get Abstract Role Mapping from ID Data or Create it if not exists .  [1 line]   Code : return
3290: Convert the given object to string. If it’s an array/list of objects then convert each element recursively and join
3291: Returns the IP address as an IPv6 string representation of its octet values separated by dots .format() function is used to
3292: Sorts the unsort array by column of size specified as per argument passed to function and returns sorted list . e
3293: Count the number of paragraph separators ("\n") within text string "." . If no such delimiters exist return
3294: Rotates the list to right by 'K' positions.  If K is zero or larger than size of array then it
3295: This function takes two arguments - the id of an article and its textual content. It returns dictionary with title as 'article
3296: Returns the input string if it'd be considered "non empty". Otherwise raises an error with appropriate message .  This function
3297: Removes parentheses from the given string if they exist, else returns original input as it is not in correct format of
3298: A function that proxies calls to another method with some additional arguments and exception handling capabilities . ...			} }
3299: This function splits chromosome names into their integer representations and returns them as list of strings or integers if they are not
3300: Check if the given key is valid.  A string must be provided and it can't contain special characters or whitespace
3301: Generates the SQL query with selection criteria.  If no where clause is provided, returns an empty string; otherwise it generates
3302: Returns the string representation of all possible combinations. 	Example usage : print(''.join([any\_for(['a',
3303: Find the common prefix of two strings. If no such string exists return an empty String."  [30 points ]
3304: Computes Term Frequency of each document.  It takes as input the documents and returns dictionary with term frequencies per Document ID
3305: Create and return login credentials. 	Inputs -> Username & Data ID . Returns => Login Credentials with
3306: This function takes an array of pairs and returns the inverse order as per each tradeable asset's base to its counterpart
3307: 返回一个字符串列表，其中每个元素都是由前缀和内容组成的。如果没有
3308: . Return the dictionary of wand.Bunch object attributes required to train and validate on Last FM dataset or MovieLense
3309: Counts the number of occurrences per character.  Returns dictionary with characters as keys and their counts respectively .   e
3310: Check if the given object has an attribute named 'name' and its value ends with '.txt'.  If so, return
3311: Returns true if the input string contains 'don’ t Care'. Otherwise, returns false or None . This function is
3312: Returns True if the given path is in Google Cloud Storage.  Otherwise, returns False . The function checks whether or not an
3313: Subtract two integers. 	Input : Two integer numbers as arguments . Output = result of the operation	. Example input
3314: Returns the maximum length of any element within list 's'. If an item is not comparable to int or float it will be
3315: Convert special characters to HTML entities in the given string, replacing "<" with &amp;" and >", replace("�
3316: Generates the state counts of nonspecific target. The number and type are not specified in detail but is assumed to
3317: Computes the discounted return of an episode using lambda method to update its value over time steps and eligienship
3318: Quotes strings that contain spaces, tabs or double quotes and single quoted characters to avoid conflicts with shell syntaxes – e
3319: Returns the charge set of an atom. 	Inputs : Atom object or integer representing atomic number . Output is list
3320: Get the icon URL of currently displayed condition.  [getCurrentCondition, fetchWeatherData].   .    "https
3321: This function runs the bash command to list all project names in your workspace and returns them as JSON object  .   [
3322: Calculates the number of atoms in one molecule given its mass and total molar fraction as input parameters . The formula
3323: Parses the given string into an integer if possible. If not available returns original value as it was passed in case of
3324: Returns the number of coefficients needed to describe an equation with given degree. This is calculated as ((degrees+1)*((
3325: Convert RGB to HEX. Code snippet that converts an input of three integers between [o , max] into
3326: Combines consecutive bolds in the text and replaces them with single star (*).  It also keeps prefixes before first
3327: Convert an array of indices to nice names, e..g 3 -> "Third" and so on... .
3328: Check if symbol value falls within any of the given symbols.  If so return true else false .   Parameters : Symbol
3329: Returns true if the given value is not false, empty string nor null. Otherwise returns provided boolean as it was .  [
3330: Checks if the input string starts with an uppercase letter, followed by one underscore (_), then contains only lower case
3331: Converts the given list of translations into tuple format with source language translation author and reference information .  If no authors
3332: Generates the Command object.  The Droney ID and State are passed as parameters to generate an instance of class 'comm
3333: Convert string to integer. 	Inputs : decorstring -> Output is the converted decimal number as an Integer . If
3334: Checks if the input number can be interpreted as an integer, float point value in string formatting and returns True/False
3335: Check if the given id matches any of those in an array/list and return true only when it'll be found otherwise
3336: Merge two styles into one. If the second parameter is zero or not provided it will return first argument as result; otherwise
3337: This function wraps the input string to fit within 76 characters per word, but if it exceeds that limit then breaks
3338: This function returns an empty list if true, otherwise it appends databasename to result and return as output  .
3339: A function to calculate the sum of squares and count per column.  The output is dictionary with columns as keys & their respective
3340: Removes spaces and underscores from the input string, leaving only alphanumeric characters left in it .  For
3341: This function calculates the sums of two diagonally opposite corners. It takes as input an n x m square array and
3342: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence using memotization.  It is an efficient way of calculating large numbers in
3343: Calculates the power output of feed water from hydropower.  Inputs are volume flow rate and density at average speed
3344: Calculates the radius of influence from mass and height to determine how much energy is lost in an object's interaction with its
3345: This function takes an edge array and the value of one specific node as input parameters; it returns bit codes corresponding to each element
3346: Convert file sizes in bytes to human readable form. It supports upto TiBs and less than one GBs,
3347: Return the endIANness of byte ordering on current machine  Code is to get and return whether bytes are stored in little or
3348: Builds an NGram dictionary from the given list of tokens.  The function builds up pairs and triples as keys
3349: Returns whether two locations are the same based on given parameters. Parameters can be city name , state of location etc . If
3350: Parses locations into an immutable data structure that can be easily used with Python's builtin functions and operators
3351: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two RGB colors.  The result is returned as an integer value representing how far apart
3352: 3D array manipulation function. If the first two elements of each subarray are in ascending order then return their
3353: This function shifts the values of an array to ensure they are sorted. It does so by swapping elements if their order is
3354: Generates an automatic evaluation warning if any formulas or keyword detection occurs within suspicious areas .  # TODO : Add more details about
3355: This function sorts the list of strings into ascending order and removes duplicates from it, returning only distinct values sorted numerically
3356: Converts numeric input to alphabetic representation using the digits from zero through nine as letters on an eight
3357: Calculates the image displacement in pixels. The formula used here assumes that there are no lens distortions and therefore it
3358: Returns the list of all possible names that can be used to identify or describe an NC RNA molecule, including its
3359: Extract the body of an HTML document from its string representation – without ' <head><title> <meta charset="
3360: Generates the index of YILM vector based on input parameters .   # noqa E98346
3361: This function returns the input if it's '*.', otherwise, attempts to convert and return its numeric equivalent. If
3362: This function checks if the inputted value of 'system's userName'. If no specific or invalid inputs are provided it
3363: This function checks if the input is power of two. If yes, return true else false . It uses bitwise AND operation
3364: Filter out certain attributes from the given dictionary of users and return it as new dict object .  The function is used to remove
3365: Create feature with given geometry and properties.	Type of the output : dict .   The dictionary contains information about created Feature object
3366: Checks if value 'val' lies within the given valid values in specified order.  Range format [start , end].
3367: Unwrapper function that recursively wraps the given object with itself up to specified depth.  If no such attribute exists then
3368: Trim the given paths to their common root if they have any of these as 'common roots'. If no such string is
3369: This function calculates the value of one circle with radius w and circumference q in terms π times its area using
3370: Casts an object to number or boolean type, if possible; otherwise returns the original value as string – used in conditional
3371: Returns the vector corresponding to an inputted axes name. For example if you call with "x" it will return x
3372: Parses the given string number into an integer or floating point value with specified precision and sign if necessary .  If zero
3373: Create payload from action keywords received by the receiver of an event – if actions are present, create and return them as part
3374: Format source file path to URL or local system location based on the input type .  If it is relative then convert into absolute
3375: Initialises the counts of labels.  Returns dictionary with count initialized to zero and all new unique labelled items marked as '
3376: Calculates the inverse of percentage change. For example if p=3% and base value is v then it will return new
3377: Checks if all elements of the board are unique.  Returns false when there is more than one identical element, otherwise returns
3378: Convert nanoseconds to millisecond.	Input : Time in seconds and Velocities of the object moving at that
3379: Reads evidence from file and returns the count of total bytes read in that process – if there is an error reading then
3380: Convert the given scrambles to URL friendly strings by replacing ' with - and spaces '_'.  This is used as part
3381: Given two functions 'minimize' that return the minimum value between any pair of numbers. Implement function to find minimal
3382: This function checks if the input string 'zip' has at least 6 digits long, which are all numbers in it
3383: Code block formatter that keeps the same number of leading spaces as original blocks do but adds an extra level if there are more
3384: This function takes in an input string and returns its reverse complemetation by swapping the bases of DNA sequences, ie
3385: Clears the contents of an object.  Returns original if not table or raises error otherwise .   Type : function ->
3386: Computes the square root of an input number or table, returning either float value as result and boolean indicating whether it was computed
3387: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3388: Generates an SQL command to perform updates on the database based off of provided fields that need updating – only if they are
3389: Convert Celsius to Kelvin  Code snippet that converts the given temperature in degrees cesuis
3390: Convert the given Geo ID to Tract. 	Inputs : A string of length greater than or equal  10
3391: This function retrieves the first two lines of an array as one string.  It is used to get user inputs or other
3392: Converts the given string into an array of integers representing possible values within specified size limit .  If it is not valid
3393: Generates the sample of articles to be used as input data during machine learning model creation."
3394: Computes the BLEU scores of multiple references against one hypothesis using an alignment method .  The function takes as input two
3395: Convert coordinate to the corresponding Axis label.  For example, if you want 'Long' from lat and long coordinates then
3396: Convert the inputted text to Pascale Case formatting – all lower case first letter of each separate phrase and upper rest
3397: Convert string to list of integers, separated by commas .  If the input is empty return an emtpy array and
3398: Returns an empty dictionary. This function is used to fetch the global codification of phrases in batched data, which
3399: Update an Incidents.  Returns the status of updating incidents in readble form .   If successful returns "The id {
3400: This function escapes special characters in the given input to prevent them from being interpreted as HTML markup by browsers or other tools
3401: Generates and returns an alphanumeric character sequence of the specified length from lowercase letters only – e..g
3402: Adds an IFDI element to the given dictionary of image file data and returns it back with added information about that specific tag
3403: Round the number to next multiple of given value.  If remainder is zero then return original else add difference between current and required
3404: Find the smallest positive integer that is not divisible by any number up to 'm'.  This function finds an element of
3405: Convert the given string into dictionary with location and technology information from transmissions . --> # Code : Conver
3406: Convert the size of files in byte to other units like kilobyte, megabytes or gigabites and
3407: Converts an integer to Roman numerals. The input is the number that needs conversion and output will be roman equivalent of
3408: Returns the regular expression object that matches any string including newline characters.  This is equivalent to .* in regex but also
3409: Convert the expression to power of 10 if it starts with an exponent symbol ^ . If not, leave as is and
3410: Trims the given list of GIDs to their common prefixes and append an ellipsis if necessary."  [
3411: Reads the specified number of bytes from an open binary or text stream and returns them as chunks .  The function is
3412: A function to convert an integer representing the number of months into its corresponding name.  For example, if you call `get
3413: Validates the configuration of an Athena database connector with AWS SageMaker .  It checks if all necessary keys are
3414: Checks if two objects are close to each other. If the difference between them falls within tolerance of their respective values then they
3415: Calculates the coordinates along segment between two points.  The function takes in three parameters; start point and end of line/
3416: Format the output of `getGitDesc` into something that can be used as an input to other functions or commands like
3417: Tokenizes input string into individual characters, then separates them by spaces and parentheses if they exist within the text
3418: Calculates the difference in days between two dates using Python's datetime module and returns it as an integer value rounded down to
3419: Loads an environment variable. If the key is found in keys then it loads that value otherwise returns false and error message .
3420: Finds the most frequently occurring element of list .  If there are multiple elements with same highest frequency return first one encountered	.
3421: This function reads the given file and creates an ordered dictionary of word to its frequency count from it . The input is expected as
3422: Clean date format from string to datetime object.  If the input is empty, return it as such; if last character of
3423: Get the caption of an object in dictionary based on its properties and types if not found then return original name else returns it
3424: A function that returns the comparison result based on given parameters and operation type . --> Code : Comparison Function
3425: Returns the type of output to be used based on input string argument, returns AUTO COMMITHT if it is equal
3426: Selects the minimum value from an array of tuples.  Returns it along with its position within that tuple list or
3427: Returns the maximum value of an integer parameter multiplied by its given factor and divided to get floating point number . Parameter is
3428: Parses the given list of HTTP request/response Headers into dictionary format with key as Header and Value associated to
3429: Get the typename of an object or class in python 3+ . Returns either string representation if it’is not user data
3430: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries, each containing information about one person and their score on the test; it
3431: This function escapes special characters to prevent them from being interpreted as HTML.  It replaces &, < and > with
3432: Checks if the query has no binds.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Code length :13 chars
3433: Dumps parameters to string formatting suitable as function definition or docstring line arguments .  For example, if the input is
3434: Returns the area of box defined by two points.  The coordinates are given as tuples in form [x0y
3435: A function to check if the input is an integer or float that represents positive square root of some nonnegative real numbers, i
3436: Convert the input to an array of strings or return it if already stringifiable .  If not convertible then make sure that
3437: Returns whether the class uses auto snaking.  This is used to determine if an object should be automatically converted into its
3438: Update the 'setups' package information in given Job object with new File Information .  If not exist then print error message
3439: Calculates the Kinetic Energy of an object.  Inputs are Mass and Velocity . Output is The resultant value
3440: Returns the map of schemas and names from given database object's full qualified identifier string – e..g., "
3441: Match the given 'Word' to an existing Word from VOCABULARY using case insensitive matching if it is present
3442: Compute the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The intersection is computed as follows : if there are no overl
3443: Create or update the dictionary of requests with given parameters and return it as response  Code is used to create/update an instance
3444: A function to generate the metadata object of Variant Beacons in JSON format using version ‘BeacoN - Vari
3445: This function aligns two given intervals. It checks which one is bigger and returns the smaller as first element of new tuple while
3446: A function block that converts the given input to an appropriate format. 	Inputs : Name of Function Block , Content
3447: Validates if the input parameter 'Value' exists and not empty. If it doesn’t exist, raises an error with
3448: Create an address string from dictionary.  If the required fields are not present, it will return empty or null strings respectively;
3449: Get the full path of an existing Dockerfile in given directory with name tag and return it as string .  If not
3450: Get configuration value from the given dictionary. If not found return default else none if no such key exists then it will throw an
3451: Multiplying each element of the vector by given scalar/factor"  .   [END SUMMARY ] ---
3452: Returns the data type of an image. 0 <= value < ∞ -> 'int' and >  ¾
3453: Generates an error object. 	Inputs : Error Message . Returns the JSON representation of it as per required formatting
3454: Generates an automatically named system based on the index of its creation in relation to other systems or files, starting from 'A
3455: Convert coordinate string format from "DDDMMSS" to decimal degrees in Python 3 .  	Inputs : A
3456: Code to handle querying the GitHub API and processing its response data into something useful . Processes repository information such as
3457: Finds the duplicate number from an array. The sum of all numbers is calculated and then subtracted by that to get missing
3458: Checks if the given mobile phone numbers start with ‘+31’ or starts from an area of interest. Returns
3459: This function pads the input string with zeros on left side until it reaches desired output's maximum width or less than that
3460: This function filters out the unwanted information from given dictionary of users info .  It only keeps id , display name and email
3461: Determine the background of an application based on its usage and limit in GBs."}""", """Determines whether
3462: Replace boolean values with their corresponding python equivalent, if they are present else leave them as it is . For example : '
3463: Generates the Round Key. The function takes two parameters - an Expanded key and its pointer position which is used to access
3464: Get the region of chip at given coordinates with specified depth in hexadecimal format .   Code is to return an integer
3465: Normalizes the star names to VNN format, where NN is any two digits number from  [a..z
3466: Returns the number of trailing zeroes in binary representation.  If input is not valid then it returns an error message "
3467: Convert the given .ttf or ufonamed file to its corresponding family/style in CSS @fontface rule syntax
3468: This function returns the dominant colors in an array of binary values based on their distribution within bins .  If there is no data
3469: Join multiple tables into one table, if the argument is not already of 'Table' data structure then convert it to Table first
3470: Check if two line segments intersect.  If they do not overlap at all or partially return true; otherwise false is returned .
3471: A function to find the root of an equation using Bisecion method. The algorithm starts with two guesses and iter
3472: Check if the given dictionary contains 'Stack Name' key and its value matches with provided name or not .  If yes then
3473: Convert an object to dictionary format using the RAX CLB node information .  [Node] -> Dict[str
3474: Filter the given list of timeslots based on provided date range and return only those that are available within it .  For
3475: This function returns the command to generate configuration files from JSON sample. 	Inputs : path of .JSON file, Output
3476: Convert String to List of Characters  Code is used as an example function that converts inputted strings into lists where each
3477: Create an indexed table to lookup hashed keys by their original names .  This is used when generating dynamic hash functions based
3478: A function that pads an input list with the specified value until it reaches length of 'desired' size .  If already
3479: Counts the number of each type o fvowels present within given string . The function returns dictionary with vwes
3480: Checks if the inputted ID matches any of those already visited by checking their first two characters against each other with some maximum
3481: Convert integer to hexadecimal. 	} .format() method is used in python programming language, which converts an
3482: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3483: Updates the frame range based on handle start and end positions in settings dictionary .   # noqa : disable= E
3484: Check if the given JSON record contains meeting metadata.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or raise an exception .
3485: Removes specific strings from the input Hexadecimal String . Replaces them with an empty space or removes if they
3486: Returns True if the current function call was made from an optimized fast path; otherwise False or None . 	Related Code :
3487: Create replicas or mirrors of the given keyword.  If both are nonzero return 'key' otherwise an empty string
3488: Adds all values of the given type to an array and returns it as result – recursive function that traverses
3489: Defines the function to check if two numbers are equal within given tolerance √((y - x)/n). If
3490: This Python method will remove all unnecessary white space from both ends of any given text including but excluding tabs/spaces at
3491: Generates random strings of specified length, defaulting to 8 characters if not provided . The generated output is alphanumer
3492: Get all the runs of tasks by user id or ip address .  [getTaskRUns]   -> list
3493: This function returns the common elements of two arrays that are both sorted numerically or alphabetical order but not necessarily sequential
3494: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same list with each string split into separate lines by splitting on spaces
3495: This function returns the name of snapshot to be used when migrating volumes from one instance type/region pairing into another in
3496: Get the association id and created date of an object with given name .  Returns dictionary containing these details as keys 'associated
3497: Returns the smallest and largest values in an array that are within specified intervals.  The function is used to shrink down or grow
3498: Generates an array of timestamps based on the given sampling rate and sample count with optional decimal places to be displayed .
3499: Returns the label based on threshold. If x is greater than given Threshold then return 'True' else False'.
3500: Returns whether the given data type is supported. 1/0 or boolean value, indicating if it's one of our
3501: Returns the smallest of all keys with maximum values from dictionary 'dict' .  If multiple such minimums exist, returns any
3502: Convert the given text into HTML paragraph tags. 	Inputs : Raw body of an email, Output is converted to html
3503: Returns True if the person is allowed to go out. Otherwise False . 	Inputs : Tempo de ida
3504: Read file into variable in python 3 . The function reads the content of filename and stores it to varname if not already
3505: Replace certain characters in the input string with other specified strings or symbols based on dictionary entries provided by user .  The function
3506: Get the domain part of an email address as lower case and remove any '.' characters from it .  For example : if
3507: Get the real current object of given anonymous or regular User.  If not found return none .   [10/3
3508: Merges two sorted lists into one ordered by the second element of each list item – similar to merging arrays or
3509: Get the Cluster ID from an existing MOID in OVFtoolkit's configuration file format." --
3510: Convert WikiData URI to Full URIs by prefixing with http and https . If the input isn't valid
3511: Check the given timestamp and return it if within range, else adjust to be in either side of zero. If negative then add
3512: Check if the string starts with "Welcome ". If yes then return true else false .  [0]="Welcome to
3513: Returns the string enclosed in square bracket formatting. 	Example usage : "simple\_squared\_\[
3514: Serialise dictionary to string.  If the input data contains old or new keys then serialises them recursively else returns original
3515: This function takes in three parameters - the data to be structured or modified. The first two are mandatory while third parameter can have
3516: This function takes as input the list of packages and returns their names, which are stored into another variable named 'packages'.
3517: Calculates the value of t* at any given temperature and pressure in bar . The formula is derived from thermodynamic equilibrium
3518: Parses the query string of an URL and returns it as dictionary object .  It replaces " +" with space
3519: This function takes an array tDef and returns its string representation. The input list elements are replaced with spaces using gSub method
3520: Create and return dictionary with status as 'fail' alongwith the key name & its corresponding data.  Code snippet
3521: Checks if two numbers are close to each other. If the difference between them falls within specified tolerances in either direction then
3522: Check if the given timestamp string can be parsed into date components in YYYY/MM format or not .  If it
3523: Returns the type of dimension that can be scaled. 	Type : str, optional - default is 'length' . If
3524: Returns whether the user is in any of given groups. 	Inputs : username -> str , Group names to check
3525: Returns all non none value from the list of parsing results  .   "getAllNonNoneParsedValue"
3526: Clean the domain of data from listings and return it in dictionary format – cleaning up unnecessary information like null values or empty strings
3527: This function takes an URL and returns the decoded version of it by replacing backslashes (\), followed optionally with two
3528: Get parameter from dictionary. If no parameters are provided it returns the given 'default' value if any or just return an empty
3529: Code to convert decimal number into hexadecimal. The function takes an integer as input which is the decimals value
3530: Check if the given permutation is correct. 1 <= len <= 80 characters long, only contains rwcdma
3531: Returns an object that allows iteration over the items of dictionaries and their values using dict's .next() method or by
3532: Compute the k level of an entity. The rank is used to determine which group it belongs in, and thus determines its
3533: Returns the boundaries of each Gate object. The boundary is defined as min and max x or y coordinates respectively . For example if
3534: Imports the class if it'll be used later on else returns false and error message about missing classes .   [IMP
3535: This function formats the number to be displayed in an appropriate way based on its value and size of display area  . For example
3536: Returns the most frequently occurring mutation features across all linesages of each individual within an input dictionary object representing differences between two gen
3537: Updates the ZOTERO API with new data.  Returns updated dictionary of notes and their corresponding keys in response from
3538: Returns the average price of two products.	Inputs and Output Example :get avarage product prices in euros .
3539: Replace the occurrence of 'a' with another character in string or list elements .   [Replace all occurances]
3540: Extracts token and owner fields from the given object. If an event field is found, it will also include its value
3541: Convert HTML entities to their corresponding characters using the given mapping dictionary .  This function is used when dealing with data that has been
3542: Convert dictionary keys to another type using provided function .  For example convert string into lower case or uppercase etc.."
3543: This function takes as input the coordinates of one corner and returns all four possible positions that can be achieved by moving it to any
3544: Convert time delta to seconds, if no input return null or the number of days and hours in given duration . e g.,
3545: Returns the name of day on given number. 0 is Monday, and so forth up to six representing Sunday . If input
3546: This function searches through the given 'lista' and returns all items that contain "valor" as part of their name or description
3547: Check if two intervals intersect.  If they do return True else False .   Interval is defined as an interval of space
3548: Create an enumeration of the list.  The output will be dictionary where keys are indices and values corresponding to elements at those
3549: Generates pre order traversal of the tree using iteratively method in python .  It returns list with values from left
3550: Format the given 'Task' object into an easily readable format.  If possible, returns only first seven characters of each
3551: Get the currency pair. If not available return None or an error message if it fails to get data from API .
3552: Generates Indeed URLs based on the parameters provided by user input – Job title and Location to search in .NET Jobs
3553: Returns the first non zero, one or more elements of an iterable.  If all are zeros then returns None .
3554: Adds zeros to the start of each sequence within an array. This function ensures all sequences are padded upto '
3555: Normalizes the input string by splitting it into tokens, removing any leading/trailing whitespace from each token and joining them
3556: Greet the user with their name and give them some change. If they have enough cash to buy something else then return remaining
3557: Check if the argument can have minimum or maximum values. If it's not possible to determine them from its members then return
3558: A recursive function to calculate the sums of numbers and lists. If input is not number or list, return zero."
3559: This function returns the keyword fields of an object as list from given dictionary input .  It handles nested dictionaries and lists by
3560: Converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celcius or vice versa based on the type of conversion required
3561: Adapt impedance parameters based on the given conditions or adaptions – if real part is zero then return same complex number else
3562: Parses the given list of pairs into dictionary. The first element is used as keys while second one becomes values from pair
3563: This function estimates the bias of an input dictionary based on its "minimum quality". It returns false if there are less than
3564: Returns the domain name of an URL without any parameters or fragments after it (.e..g., www.)  .exclude
3565: Calculates the value of one parameter based on another.  Parameters are calculated as per given coefficients and input values .
3566: Checks if the input credit/debit number passes Luhn's algorithm. If it does then returns True else false
3567: This function flattens the JSON object. It takes as input an hierarchical json and returns it's equivalent dictionary with
3568: Expand all fields in the model.  If 'fieldname' is not specified then expand to __one___ .
3569: Get the first non empty metadata value from either source or mapping of ES object, if none found return false else returns it .
3570: Convert bytes to readability format. It can convert from KB/MB etc., and also supports Binary markers like Ki
3571: This function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary format using only parameters provided by user and without any
3572: Convert dictionary to string representation with indentation; support nested lists/dictionaries as well ; handle special characters like underscore
3573: This function returns the path to save linear regression coefficients in csv format . This is used by other functions that need
3574: This function checks if the input character/string represents one of 10 vowels. If yes, it returns True;
3575: Returns True if the point is inside left half space of hyperplane defined by two points and one vector. False otherwise .
3576: Convert node or list to mel.  If the input is not recognized, return original value as it's unrecognized
3577: Convert the number of days in one year to years, given as input parameter .   ## [END] Code snip
3578: Convert date and/or timestamp into Unix Timestamp in millisecond precision, taking account of the system' clock offset with
3579: This function returns the path of an executable file in PATH environment variable if it exists, otherwise return none .  It uses /
3580: Convert java time to seconds. 	Inputs : String of Java Time Code, Output is integer representing the number in Second
3581: Normalizes the bounding box coordinates.  Inputs are in pixel scale and output is also scaled to [0..+
3582: Plotting functions based on the selected parameters.  The function is used to select which type of plots are generated by using
3583: This function takes as input an array of elements and returns the count dictionary. It counts how many times each unique value appears within
3584: This function checks if the given ring of points forms an inner or outer circle. It returns true when it's inside and
3585: Convert the number of inputted day to milli seconds.	Input -> Number Of Days, Output = Millisec
3586: Returns the name of an image snapshot.  The number is formatted to be zero padded with leading zeros upto seven
3587: A recursion based solution to the KnapSACK problem. It uses memoization technique where previously computed results are stored
3588: Returns the shortests top most directories from list of paths .  It checks if parent directory exists and adds it to result only
3589: Returns the host address to use when connecting from another machine on local network or localhost if not specified otherwise – default is ::
3590: This function takes an URL as input and returns the id of that specific worksheet in Google Sheets API v3 .
3591: This function formats the time in second into readable string representation with units of day/hour etc.. It uses floor division to
3592: Generates feature value pairs sorted by absolute difference between the two lists of features and their corresponding weights/values  .   For
3593: Parses and returns list of integers from string, separated by commas/periods . If the input isn't
3594: Computes the AP@DSB'SCHEDULED score based on IOU threshold and GT segments list of t
3595: Parse and return the list of stream objects from given input data, if it is not already an object then returns empty dictionary
3596: Returns list of categories from string input, stripped and lower cased  Inputs : str -> Output is List[
3597: Returns the HSV color value with saturation adjusted by an amount specified in 'offset'.  If resulting SATURATION
3598: Wraps the given string in HTML tags. If no opening tag provided it will use default html start/end brackets
3599: Replace all occurrences of single quotes in the string with double ones using backslashes before them, if they exist
3600: Checks if all characters of the 'required' string are present within given inputted "Word".  If any character is
3601: Translate the given list of 3D coordinates by specified amounts. The function takes three arguments - two lists representing x and
3602: Generates an adjacency list representation of the sub graph formed by edges from given path lists . The output is then returned
3603: Convert list of column names to string with quotes around each one if they contain special characters or spaces .  If the second argument
3604: Counts the minimum number of courses needed to fulfill all requirements from below, recursively if necessary .  If no course list
3605: Check if two objects are equal. If they're both tables or numbers then it checks the equality of their values; otherwise
3606: Return True if the record has bad action. False otherwise, based on whether or not it contains an entry in columns with key
3607: Creates an empty string with the specified number of spaces.  This is used to create nested strings by adding more space characters
3608: This function calculates the minimum number of coins needed to make change. The input is in cents, and it returns how many
3609: Check if the given substring of '.' separated parts from right side matches with provided string.  If yes then return True
3610: Convert the given string to seconds from hours and minutes format in an integer type variable . e g "14 :  7
3611: Preprocesses zip codes to be of the form XXXX or XXXXX if possible; otherwise returns empty string . If input
3612: Convert hours to weeks, days and remaining time in human readable form if possible; else return the input as is . e
3613: Get environment variable name from the given inputted value as an argument of function .  It will return first occurrence in case there
3614: Returns the value of x in base 10 logarithm. If not possible to compute return -inf . Otherwise returns e
3615: Returns the name list as string. If no input is given return an empty String if there are multiple or one person's
3616: Reads the content of an input string or filename into memory if it is valid; otherwise returns error message with details about what
3617: Checks if the given string s can be rearranged to form palinromic phrase or not .  For example
3618: Calculates the acceptance probability of an entity given its requests and total number.  If there are no requestes then it returns
3619: Calculates the Kompatsiar constant of Hagen von Karman equation based on given values in terms R and Ro .
3620: This function returns the full paths of executables found on PATH that match given name or raises an error if no such executable is
3621: Generates the default library name to use when building Go packages that depend on kubernetes libraries using Blaze and Z
3622: Checks if the last and first digtis of number are same. This function is used to check whether or not
3623: Returns the difference between two points in 4D space. The result is also represented as an array of three elements representing x
3624: Returns the first element of lst that is not zero. If no such elements exist, returns None or False depending on context
3625: Fixes the description of an item by removing leading & trailing spaces if they exist; appends unit information to it in
3626: Calculates the number of electrons in an atom based on its atomic mass index, with some exceptions and default values if not provided
3627: Computes the number of distinct rows that can be formed from given list.  The function uses bitwise operations to compute and
3628: Convert seconds to minutes. If the input is divisible by sixteen, return as whole number else format it with two decimal
3629: This function calculates the square root of an input number using Python's built in library 'Math'. The result is rounded
3630: This function checks the number of matching letters in two strings based on an array that contains all possible characters to be matched with '
3631: Parses the given field from an object's Metadata. Returns empty string if it is not present or contains invalid
3632: Get the name/path to save file on disk based off its remote location using either HTTP / HTTPS protocol only if
3633: Replaces multiple substrings within the given string with another substring using Python's builtin function 'str'.split()
3634: Removes special characters and spaces from the input string if specified otherwise removes only alphanumeric character .  If also allowed
3635: Returns true if the given 'Release' string or version number can be matched with any of those listed.  If no match
3636: Checks if the given object can have its value called.  If it's either of 'func', table, class
3637: This function takes in an input 'Rewards' and returns the same value but clamped between - ∞ to +
3638: This function calculates the value of B in equation A=B/(A+C). The coefficients are stored as an array
3639: Convert boolean values to integers or leave as strings when possible – convert shared data into an easy readable format .e..
3640: Scales the input value within an inclusive range to another.  The output is also scaled between two given ranges .   e
3641: Returns the name of an entity who is participating in TROLL.  This function returns 'Trol's Name'.
3642: Convert run parameter to appropriate form based on its 'type'.  If the value is of string format then split it into list
3643: This function returns the main directory of destination file. 	Inputs : Library name as string . Returns Destination Directory path
3644: Create and return properties dictionary. 	Properties of the given object or resource .   [1]_. The 'object'
3645: Processes or groups the given string. If no input is provided, it gets default value from function "getProcessName".
3646: Check if the input 'Data' contains RSS/Atom feed formatting" 	Return True, otherwise return false
3647: Get the display name of an object in group format, if available else return empty string  .   [10 points]
3648: Check if the given character is present in between two positions of an inputted string and count how many times it appears consecutively
3649: Builds the header dictionary with necessary information to authenticated requests on LexiNexes API  .   - Token
3650: This function takes as input the current shape and two shifts along x & y axes respectively; it returns an output array with
3651: Computes the value of Eulers number φ using an iterative method. The function takes one argument which is
3652: Convert string to BCD. If the input is not valid return error message else convert it into its equivalent in base ten form
3653: A function that calculates the value of Beales's Function at point given by coordinates in two dimensions, using an argument
3654: Update the dictionary of order details with new data from an input list or dict object – if it doesn’t exist yet
3655: Prepare memoziation keys from function arguments and keyword parameters – sorting if necessary .  10/3rd
3656: Returns the result of adding one to an array representing integer digit in reverse order."   [END OF SUMMARY].
3657: Check if the given file path points to an TensorFlow LITE (.lite/.tlcg format).  If
3658: Flatens JSON data into dictionary format with key as string and value converted to strings if possible – recursive function that fl
3659: Remove the xSD namespace from tags in an XML document or string of xml data . This function takes two parameters -
3660: Check if the parenthesis string has valid pairs, ie., opening brackets have closing ones to complete them or not opened
3661: Check if two strings are Anagrams of each other or not – case insensitive and ignores spaces . If the
3662: Implemented an SGD update rule with multiple parameters to be updated simultaneously using the gradient descent method."  [...]
3663: Returns the maximum of zero and minimum between 'max_cpu' cores available on your system minus one or four if less than
3664: Attach property to all the given cluster objects and return them as list of clustered object instances after modification .  This function
3665: Get the URL of an RDF Document, taking into account different contexts and base urls if any are set in configuration .
3666: A function to find the integer square root of n using binary search. It uses an iterative approach with successive approximated
3667: This function takes in the character input from users and returns an integer value of that axis. If it is 'o', return
3668: This function takes as input an array of strings and returns the number each string has, along with their respective content within that list
3669: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm which is efficient
3670: Derive the name of an operation from its inputs and outputs using dot notation as separator .  For example if you have
3671: Calculates the number of ways to choose elements from an array. The order doesn't matter and each element can be chosen
3672: Convert input to integer or return as is. If not possible, returns the string version of it – otherwise None .
3673: Joins the input list of string values with an optional separator character and returns them as one long line separated by '|
3674: Extracting the IP addresses from different types of actions performed by AWS services on an instance or container – API calls and network
3675: Create and return dictionary from string of key/value pairs separated by comma .  e g., "a = 1 , b
3676: Implements the Tertiary Search algorithm. It is used in numerical computation and optimization problems where we need an approximate solution
3677: Convert tensor dimension to TRT input/output axis. This function converts the given dimensions into an integer that can be used
3678: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the same output with all overlapping segments merged into one segment if
3679: Parse bounding box annotations and convert them into the format required by YOLOvoc .names file (.txt
3680: Checks if the given string starts with an empty space character (. ) . If it does then returns true else false	. Returns
3681: Calculates the total header of file names and sizes including their length plus one byte separator between them .  It also takes
3682: Compute the roots of an arbitrary cubic function in standard form ax^3+bx^2cx±dx =
3683: Returns the SoundEx representation of an input string in SQLite3 database .  If no match found then returns empty String else
3684: Converts the given matrix of bytes to string representation using ASCII characters only, ignoring non printable ascii
3685: Returns the thickness of line in pixels based on given weights or default to 8 if no value is provided .   [ ]
3686: Convert time in Hours Minute and Seconds into total number of second.   .    Code is written by : [
3687: Convert string representation of number into its numeric equivalent in Python using regular expressions and basic arithmetic operations .   Code is used
3688: Convert PCI address to string representation in hexadecimal form 	Formatting the given PCI Address as Hex String
3689: Implement the BLEU score computation. The input is two hypothesis and one or more set of ground truths to compare
3690: Insert an item into sorted list in O(\log n). Get the index of insertion point if not found else return
3691: Find the location of an executable file by its name, given as input argument or passed through command line arguments – it searches
3692: A function to calculate the learning rate.  It's used in training process of deep neural networks with different steps and iterations
3693: Convert the given file system paths to an absolute one, taking into account any possible relative or rooted ones that may exist
3694: This function checks if the input is of one type or another. It returns "Object" when it doesn’t recognize
3695: Normalizes the path elements of an input file or directory name by replacing spaces with underscores and removing any characters that are
3696: Return the index of an element in 3D array. The indices are given as parameters to function and return their corresponding
3697: Check if the given string matches with an eMail address pattern .  return True or False based on whether it's valid
3698: This function reverses the input string and translates each base in it with reverse complementary mapping of DNA sequences .  It
3699: Calculates conductivities of water at different pressures. The formula is derived from the equation used in hydrodynamic mod
3700: Checks if the inputted text contains at least one character from each case.  Returns True or False accordingly .
3701: 调用RPC服务。如果成功，返回结果；否则抛出异常.   Code length :108
3702: Returns the value of an ontological entity given its CurIE .  If no match is found, returns None; otherwise
3703: A function to convert complex data types into string. If the input type isn’t recognized it returns as textual representation of
3704: This function converts special characters to their escaped versions, useful when dealing with strings that may contain shell commands or other dangerous sequences
3705: Remove all keys that start with 'model' or any other specified prefix from the given dictionary of PyTorch model parameters and
3706: Apply the look and say sequence to an input string.  The output is another representation of that same information but with each digit
3707: Validates the variables used within an algorithm.  If any of these variable types are missing then it returns False otherwise return true
3708: Checks if two vectors are "close enough" to each other based on their lengths and values at corresponding indices respectively .
3709: Convert uuid to id if it exists on the object or return original value of non dictionary objects  .  ```python `
3710: Extracts the file name from given full or partial filename with extension using regular expression matching and returns it if found else return
3711: Checks if two numbers are equal within the given tolerance. If one of them is table then it checks equality with respect to
3712: Calculates the Julien Ephemarides Day based on given julianday and seconds since midnight of that day .
3713: Convert dictionary to list of integers or strings based on values and sort keys if possible; otherwise convert each integer into string format
3714: Validates budget input parameters – Savigs, Incomes . Returns error messages if invalid inputs are detected" ---
3715: This function returns only the labels that are at one level of hierarchy from root directory." ...   # ... continue with
3716: Calculates the percentage of memory used by server.   .    Input is list with two elements, first element total and second
3717: Count the number of occurrences in given string where character is not present . 	Inputs : Character and Text ,
3718: Convert seconds to hours/minutes format. If no argument is provided it defaults back at zero if not given otherwise the input
3719: A function that prints the input if it is true, otherwise does nothing. 	Verbosity level can be set by passing
3720: Convert an HTML Fragment to Keys – a list of keys from the html tags . The function takes as input one
3721: A function to create an array of integers representing the number and type ‘hidden’ or 'output' layer'. The first
3722: Returns the first 30 characters of input string. If it is longer than that, appends an ellipsis to
3723: Computes the ratio of two values. The result is then used to compute an exponential decay factor that will be applied
3724: Parses the GPG Version from an input .  If no match is found it returns none and error message otherwise return
3725: Convert the given input to number of secodns or minutes if unit is not provided in string format.""".strip()
3726: Returns the cross product of two vectors. 	Inputs : Two lists or arrays representing x and y coordinates in Cartesian
3727: Encodes the input string s by shifting each character five positions to right. A and Z are treated as same, so '
3728: Add leading zeros to the start of an integer.  For example if you have "1" and want it as string
3729: Create an unique id based on the provided parameters.  The function takes two arguments - 'System' and "Value". It
3730: Translate attachment details into dictionary format. 		   .			   										.															     ....... ... ....
3731: Create regular expression to match word boundaries in python 3+ . This function is used when we want the regex engine not
3732: Convert tangent to secant in radians using inverse trigonometric functions at the given point of reference . The function takes
3733: Calculates the Z score of x given its value and standard deviation. 	Z Score is used to measure how many
3734: This function returns the name of module before given one. It takes as input two parameters; 'Dotten Name' and
3735: Set contours properties.  Returns dictionary with the specified parameters .   Properties are : Strokes color , Width and
3736: Split the input string into individual word and join them with hyphen (-).  This function is used to convert an array
3737: This function picks the first file that ends with "seg_" followed by “zero” from an input of filenames
3738: Returns frequency band of given wave length from mm to km/s based on GHZ scale . If not within valid range
3739: Convert the given frame number to seconds based on original frames per second and target framerates .  The function returns converted value
3740: Returns the value of Lambda ‘lambda’ in terms per unit volume, depending on whether or not we are using F
3741: Calculates the difference between two angles. If one of them is negative it converts to positive by adding or subtracting from
3742: This function calculates the number of bytes required to store an input string. It takes into account different character encodings,
3743: Check if the object has any of these indices.  If it does then return true else false .	Parameters : obj -
3744: Generates price in the specified units and intervals based on given parameters .  e..g., $10/hr ,
3745: Returns the value of 'original' if it is equal to four. Otherwise returns false or null depending on whether there
3746: Convert dimensions to bounds.  If the second argument of function call specifies coordinates in terms as tuples then convert them into
3747: This function returns the list of browsers from given set/list or array with their corresponding names as keys, excluding "b
3748: Computes the derivative of 'difference' with respect to each variable in terms dx and dy respectively . The function returns two
3749: Returns the name and date of birth as string formatting in one line  .  	Inputs : object , Output -
3750: Calculates the number of blacklisted users in an organization's database, given n is total user count and tr stands f
3751: Return True if the first element of values matches with given function. Else return False or None – If no match found
3752: Transform the closest list into dictionary. 	Inputs : List of tuples, each tuple contains two elements -
3753: Returns the diagonal matrix element's position in 3D space. The function takes two parameters - ell and 'm/
3754: Normalizes the hexadecimal representation of an RGB or HEXA decimal number.  If input is not valid,
3755: Calculates the average of five scores. The first score is location fScore and it's weighted by .3 in total
3756: Fetch the header information from line. If available return it as two integers else returns default values (-1,-1).
3757: This function returns the complement of strands. It takes as input one character string that represents either DNA or RNA, and
3758: Adds 'raypod' as default name if no other names are provided by user or not found within current context –
3759: Calculates the Bayesian probability of an event given its prior and another's likelihood.  The formula is based on bay
3760: Annotates items with function. If no annotation provided it will return the original item . Sorts by key if specified and
3761: Encodes the input string by shifting all alphabets to right side of ASCII table using translation function in python
3762: Convert temperature from θ to T in Celsius using formulae derived by Bohr and Mott .	Input
3763: Expand DES key to six eight character hexadecimal strings. The input is an integer array of length one, which
3764: Write an element block.  elBlock is the name of .xml file to be written, and it's parameters are
3765: Remove deprecated STIX objects from the list of inputted object lists – these are those that have been revocated
3766: Reverse the integer. Code is written to handle positive and negative integers separately . The function takes an input number as argument
3767: Join the given identifier with an optional prefix from another name space.  If no other namespaces are specified then it will return
3768: Remove HTML comment wrapping from the given string of text, ie., replace <style></script> <![CDATA
3769: Computes the fourth order Runge Kutta method to approximate solutions of first and second derivatives in one variable with respect two
3770: Invert the given “Horse” matrix/list of lists . The input is an n x m list where each
3771: This function trims zeros from the end of each number and converts them to strings if possible – otherwise it leaves
3772: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3773: Check if dictionary 'field' matches the given fields and values from another one or returns true when no match was made .
3774: Format the URL by removing trailing slash and adding leading one to make it valid or relative url . 	Inputs
3775: Insert an identifier into the endpoint URL – replace <id>  with actual value of 'i'd parameter .
3776: Verify if the last turn data is equal to current one. If not return False else true . 	Parameters : Last
3777: Merge two configuration management systems into one system using the values from both configurations as initial data and then merging them together based
3778: Calculates the difference in hour between two times. The result is always positive if second input date/times are later than first
3779: Convert character to integer. If the input is not one char, raise an error; if it's out range return another
3780: This function returns the classification of an exam based on its score.  It classifies it into First, Second and Third classes
3781: Compare two strings. If they are equal return True else False if not then compare the length of both string .  Return true
3782: Convert the string to lowercase and remove all spaces from it, then return result as “1D4” if no
3783: Convert seconds to string format. If the input is negative, raises an error message stating that it should not have been passed in
3784: Returns the list of feature names in  config file.   ## .feature files are used to define machine learning algorithms and
3785: This function takes as input an ordered dictionary and returns the same data structure but with all values removed from it .  It is
3786: Get the list of all unique word indices in strong'words'.  Returns an empty dictionary if no such index exists .
3787: Check if the given object has an attribute named "Model". If it does then return True. Otherwise returns false or raises exception
3788: Check if the given number 'm' can be used as an acceptable multiplier.  This function will return True when it
3789: This function calculates the number of Deep Learning Model Makers' Channles in an organization based on its size and parameters
3790: Parses the sync agent's id from its JSON response – it returns an empty string if there are no nodes
3791: Set the current working directory to be on specified Git repository's master or develop branches.  If no such local repo exists
3792: Validates the type of Storage. 	Parameters : str -> bool . Returns True if it is valid, False otherwise
3793: Create and return dictionary with the information of one User.  The keys are 'ID',	'Username' , etc...
3794: Convert argument to method name by removing ^ and - characters, replacing "-" with _ .  This is used in python classes
3795: This function prints the color of green. 	Inputs : Text to be printed in Green Color	. Output -> None
3796: Count the number of paths from root to leaf with given target value in binary tree . Code : PathCountingInBinaryTree
3797: Convert configuration dictionary to markup language formatting string .  For example {"a":1,"b":"test",{"c
3798: This function takes an escaped version of the input and converts it back to its original form.  It does so by checking
3799: A polynomial function with 6 coefficients. The first coefficient is the constant term and each successive one corresponds to an exponent in
3800: Compensates the frequency of each value by its corresponding factor from given list .  It is used to normalize data before
3801: Check if the given number 'is' power of two. If yes, return True else False . Example : `assert not
3802: Get the JID from an inputted Log Name – split by '/' and take last part, then remove .txt
3803: Convert the complexity of an algorithm to human readable form, remove unnecessary parts from it and return in string format .  For
3804: Convert notes to their corresponding index in the scale. If an invalid input is given, it raises error message with valid inputs available
3805: Check if the input string matches regex pattern .* / *.* $/  and return True or false otherwise, else raise
3806: This function converts the given percentage to its equivalent in decimal form. For example, if you pass '+3%'
3807: This function returns the ordinal suffixes. It takes an integer as input parameter which is used to determine what kind offix
3808: This function will convert colored messages to plain text. It uses the escape sequence codes from ansi color escapes and removes
3809: Calculates the difference between two fractions.  The result is negative if one fraction dominantly contributes to less than another
3810: This function joins two strings with an extension.  It is used to create file names in the format "basename-"+
3811: Return the first 8 characters of input string and append three dots. If length is less than or equal to eight, return
3812: This function returns the length of recurrence in base 'b' when starting with number b^i where i is an integer
3813: This function converts the case of every second word to uppercase, otherwise lowercases it . For example if input is '
3814: Returns True if the final term in list is either "AND", “OR”, OR NOT". Otherwise returns false.
3815: Generates list of grades from lowest to the given maximum grade point value using increments and ranges upto max/3 *
3816: Compute the Hadamar product of two complex numbers.  The input is represented as tuples containing real and imaginary parts
3817: This function checks if the given character is present at least 'min' times or less than equal to ‘max’ time
3818: A dictionary of urls to access different parts in the CURIES database. 	Type : dict .   Length
3819: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same as output, but with only one line execution by converting all
3820: Validates the MAC address format and returns it if correct or none otherwise  Inputs : A string representing an IP Address .
3821: Find the earliest bad commit. – Code to find out which of two versions has been marked as 'Bad' by an
3822: A function that generates all possible 'length'-sized substring of the given string/list ‘Series’ . If slice
3823: Returns the maximum value of list.  If empty, returns None .   Code is used to find out which number from given
3824: Defines the function to find all unique elements from two lists using set operations and returns them as list of strings sorted alphabet
3825: Finds dependent monitors based on the given list of names and returns them as an array .  The function is used to find
3826: Convert the given percentage to its equivalent floating point value in Python .   Code snippet : % convert function that converts
3827: Create filename from input string with no special characters or spaces – using list of disallowed chracters as parameter . e
3828: Computes the value of an element in terms on basis functions. The function is defined as follows... . This computations are
3829: Replace the first occurrence of '<' with an argument in template . 	Example : replace('Hello <world',
3830: Clean URL formatting and remove unnecessary characters from the given string of an article or news website link – e..g.,
3831: Reads the command line of process with given pid from /dev/.  Returns list containing arguments passed to that program when it
3832: Check if the given string represents an endpoint URL or IP address and return it in the format of domain/port, e..
3833: This function takes an URL as input and returns the last part of that file name from it, without any parameters or query strings
3834: Computes the size of an island in 'input' using depth first search algorithm to find all connected cells with value equal/
3835: Parses string input to boolean value, returns false if not recognized and true otherwise – [code] .parseBool
3836: This function formats the given date time object into string. If no argument provided, it returns none; otherwise return in 'yy
3837: Check if the given URL ends with .RSS, RDFS , XML OR Atom feeds – returns True
3838: Escapes special regex characters in the inputted strings to prevent them from being interpreted as regular expressions by python's re module
3839: Calculates the intersection of two rectangles. The result is represented as an object with properties representing its position and size in pixels
3840: Generates description strings from the given list of subnote objects based on their content and type specified by user input  Inputs
3841: Convert geographic coordinates to Universal Transverse Mercator Coordinates – UTM zones and letters of the map reference system .
3842: Returns the position of left neighbour in grid. If there is no such cell return None . This function takes as input an
3843: Returns the attributes of an object as dictionary .  # noqa : disable=True"." is used to indicate that
3844: Computes the shape of an object by replacing its parts with ‘#’ characters and leaving others as they are . The
3845: Get the first object with given id from @Graph.  If not found return null .   Schema is an instance of
3846: This function masks the given string with '*' characters in between each character of inputted sequences if they are not at
3847: Set default Contact Form ID.  If the provided id is greater than zero then return it else set to None or use as
3848: Perform an arithmetic or logical operations on two lists of equal length using the provided function as argument." --->
3849: Calculates the target joint dimension from given list of links .  It uses depth first search to traverse all child nodes and
3850: This function converts special characters in the string to their HTML entities equivalent, which is useful when you want your webpage content
3851: 检查文本中是否包含任何汉字。如果有，返回True；否则False（不包括简
3852: This function starts the Redish Server B and connects to it, retrieves some data from its cache if available or does nothing
3853: Check the time. If it's greater than or equal to current and previous times are not provided then return only one of
3854: Returns the tones of all possible syllables that can be made from one or more phonemes, given as input parameters;
3855: This function finds the difference between consecutive elements of an array and returns maximum value among these differences. If there is no pair,
3856: Create an object with the specified properties. If no arguments are provided then return none . 	Parameters : {int or float
3857: Create list template. 	Inputs : List of Elements and Cover Data . Returns -> A dictionary with the type
3858: Convert the input parameter into an integer if possible; otherwise raise error or return special values depending on whether it’s positive infinity
3859: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The result is squaring both dimensions and summing them up to get an
3860: Convert bit string to integer.	Inputs : Bit String Output -> Integer Conversion of the inputted binary number into
3861: Replace punctuations with their HTML entities – . becomes &period;&#8496;/ : become	&
3862: Normalizes the float value 'v' within range [lower bound ,upper boundary].  Returns normalized version of it.
3863: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an NxN chess game. It returns True or False accordingly
3864: Invert the given 3D array along its first and last dimension, effectively mirroring it across all axes of
3865: Convert text into hyperlinks. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Converts the input string in
3866: Returns the string representation of list elements separated by commas. If empty, returns an emtpy array as "[]".
3867: Convert time in Hours to Days, Minute or String format based on the input value of 'hours' . This
3868: Return the appropriate OUI or non prefix based on whether 'on' is set. |rfc| 01
3869: This is the main entry point of our module. It calls other functions to perform various operations on input data and returns output
3870: This function divides an input list into chunks of the specified length using sliding window approach .  It returns all possible chunk
3871: Calculates the number of overlap samples.  The function takes two parameters - 'number' and '%'. If % is provided
3872: Calculates the ratio of one's own interest to another person’ s interests in percentage terms if they are both interested or
3873: Map the given 'numbers' to their corresponding titles from list.  If no match is found return None .   Code
3874: Predicts the structure of an incoming data object based on its properties and returns it as predicted by RabbiMQ server
3875: Validates the filename of spatial data base .db files – checks if it's null/empty and also ensures that
3876: This function returns the longest ORF from an array of protein sequences in descending order based on their length, if multiple proteins
3877: A function that converts objects into their equivalent representation as strings and handles different types of data structures such lists ,dicts etc
3878: Parse the package name from an URL string, if possible; otherwise return None  .   [10pts]
3879: Find all exceptions and their corresponding stacks from the given dictionary of sentry interfaces"  .strip().split('\n
3880: Calculates the Intersecting Area Ratio between two bound boxes in an image using their coordinates and sizes respectively . The function
3881: Returns the command string with quotes around arguments if they contain spaces or special characters that require escaping like '"'.  This is
3882: Filter out non ASCII characters from the text string – replacing them with underscore (_).   .    -> _
3883: Check if all entities from the list exist within an Augmentation of text .   Entity is identified by its word and
3884: Checks if the second string is not equal to first one and contains at least 3 characters from third in sequence . If
3885: Convert the given table to string representation.  If it's not already formatted as such return its current form else convert into
3886: This function generates the position of FIBO sequence. It starts with two numbers and then continues to add up until it reaches
3887: A simple, yet powerful scripting and compilation environment based on Python 3 with an emphasis of simplicity & speed."
3888: Returns the URL to lookup user on KeyBase using their usename .  This is used by other services like GitHub,
3889: Remove HTML italic tags from text string 	Inputs : String of Text, Output - Cleaned up version with all
3890: This function takes an LSystem and the initial string as input. It generates another validly transformed version of that startin g
3891: Convert bytes to more readable format using thousands and millions as appropriate units of measurement . e g., convert byte size into KB
3892: Calculates the Zero Order Harmonic Mean of an array.  The zero order harmonic mean is calculated as follows
3893: Returns an empty string if the given `dict` has 0 or more than one occurrence of any element in its keys;
3894: Validates if the input string can be converted to float number and it's non empty; otherwise returns false else true .
3895: Returns the minimum score required to be considered as valid. The function is used in scoring queries based on their length and complexity,
3896: Create graph from edges list of tuples where each tuple represents an undirected connection between two vertices – eg
3897: Convert GB to KB in Python Code snippet that converts the given memory size from gigabytes into kiloby
3898: Returns the modulus of 'cyclically' shifted index.  For example if you have an array with values [0
3899: This function converts the metadata key to uppercase if it is already in lower case, and returns as such otherwise .
3900: Convert Kelvin to Fahrenheit using the formula provided by WIKIPEDIA . Compute and
3901: Returns the value of Epsilson multiplied by two, minus zero. This is an example function that demonstrates how to
3902: Calculates the number of ways to tile an area with squares. The problem is defined as follows; given two integers n &
3903: Filter out the dates that are not in format YYYYMMDD. 	Inputs : Date string, Output -
3904: Validates if the variable exists and its type or default values are none – returns True/False accordingly . If no such
3905: Check if any two ID'S are equal. If yes return true else false .  [ID is unique]   #
3906: Remove leading spaces from string.  If the input isn't valid or empty then return it as such otherwise strip off all
3907: Get the job name from command line arguments or environment variables if not provided by user input .  If python is used as first
3908: Returns the two terms that are ordered in some way.  The input is an integer from one to four, representing which pair
3909: Get string value from dictionary. If not found return empty String and if the key exists but it's of different data types
3910: A function to collater the data in batches. 	Inputs : list of tuples, where each tuple
3911: Calculates the wettability of an organic material based on its storey number and maximum possible depth in feet – using
3912: A function to look up dictionary values by their keys and return the corresponding value from list of dict objects if it exists; otherwise
3913: Find the root of an equation using linear interpolation.  The function takes four arguments; two points and their corresponding functions to
3914: Returns the length of an address string based on its type. Sizes are defined by ISO standards, e..g., addresses
3915: Generates random strings of specified length from the set as ASCII letters and digists combined with case insensitive comparison, suitable
3916: This function calculates the average of an image's pixels within specified boundaries.  The pixel values are summed and then
3917: Create an update message in Slack formatting based on the provided dictionary of data . 	Inputs - A Dictionary with
3918: Convert Discords mention to id – convert the given string into an actual ID in form of integer or str if it is
3919: Calculates the matrix's dimension based on version number. If greater than zero, it calculcated as 'version*
3920: Computes the supervised learning error of deep neural networks.  The input is an array 'x' and its corresponding label
3921: Returns True if the character is alphanumeric, space OR dash; otherwise False  .  	def allowedCharacters
3922: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
3923: Convert magnitude to flux in units of erg/s / cm^3 .	Input : Magnitude, Output = F
3924: Get the value of an JSON object's specified property. If not found it raises error with message indicating where and what was
3925: Get the prefix of keywords based on which algorithm is being used.  If cyclernnk, returns 'Keyword'
3926: Check if the department of an employee in MSC stands out. This function checks whether given string "department
3927: Create an implementation expression. 	Inputs : Two expressions to be implemented as arguments . Returns the result of implementing two given
3928: A function that resolves the URL of different NeuROML resources based on their domain name or subdomain – e
3929: Checks if the given number or string represents palidromic numbers. 0, -9 and its negative counterparts
3930: Update the position and size of all active object tracking instances with respect to their respective bounding boxes on each frame – if
3931: Generates lines from start to stop inclusive of the given numbers as string formatting  .e..g., if you call
3932: This function converts an array of strings into LaTeX line breaks, replacing empty lines with '\newline' and other non
3933: This function is used to get the viewport from which touch events are being triggered on windows .  It also checks if there
3934: Return the length of chromosome with given id. If no such ID exists return None .   Code:.def getattr
3935: Resize the given tuples to have at least as many elements of 'defaultValue' and then return it back into
3936: Adds the start of an object reference to content.  The format is <id> <class1 . >  <Class3
3937: Build and return the problematic data in JSON format.  The output is used to generate an issue on GitHUB using
3938: Returns True if the specified Port is enabled, otherwise returns false.  If no data provided it will return true as there'
3939: This function takes three arguments and returns the justified version of input text with specified symbols on both sides to reach given maximum length .
3940: Generates an SDT message to describe the stream URL and sequence number in order of HTTP request line by using specified parameters as
3941: Calculates the statistics of list elements' times using simple arithmetic operations and standard deviation calculation."   [...]"The function
3942: Generates an empty string of length 'size' with '-'.  This is used to draw lines in the console.
3943: Returns the path of rig in message. If not found, returns None .   Code snippet : return get
3944: This function returns the same output as input but with all elements that are not true replaced by False, and only those at positions
3945: Convert the number of pixels per hour to mm/hour.	Inputs : float -> int ,float -->  Output
3946: Remove escape sequences from the input strings, leaving only alphanumeric characters and spaces in place of them .  This is
3947: Convert ASCII codes to text. 1 character per line, one word/line at the end of each sentence or paragraph
3948: This function calculates the result of formula k*m/((1+x)*y). It takes three parameters x and
3949: Get the image name of Abaco tapis images based on hostname  Inputs : Base URL . Output - Image
3950: Given two lists of integers and an integer n. Return whether there exists at least one number from the first list that is smaller
3951: This function calculates the latent heat of evaporation in an electrical humidity unit given its specific gas constant and mechanical resistance
3952: This function returns only lines of string that are at most "maximum" number specified by parameter ```number``` . If
3953: Builds an SQL INSERT statement. The table name and the data that will be inserted are passed as parameters."   [END
3954: A function that repeats the given list 'n' number of time recursively – using python programming language .   Code
3955: This function performs integer division of two numbers and returns the result as floating number with up to six decimal places after rounding off
3956: A function that applies an operation to all elements of the input sequence. The result is returned as output from reduce() method .
3957: Checks if two dictionaries are equal. If they have the same keys and values then returns True else False .  Code
3958: Generates variants of the given sequence using FoldX algorithm with optional filtering by regions to avoid recomputation – based
3959: Compute the CRC checksum of an array. This function uses XMODEM algorithm to compute and update cyclic redund
3960: Update the first dictionary with values from second one by merging them if keys are same but different types of data exist on both
3961: This function calculates the optimal bin size based on data and desired resoultion.  It first checks if there'
3962: Convert MAC address to OID format using python function . Replace ":" with "" and convert hexadecimal string into
3963: Returns an iterator over the items in given input Dictionary object .  If not provided with any argument or if it's
3964: Validates if the string contains any characters.  If not, returns an error message stating that it's required to have
3965: Adds content to an HTML document. If the target element does not exist yet it creates one; otherwise updates its contents with
3966: Generates the argument names of function f, including optional positional/keyword variables if present – e..g., "
3967: This function performs multiplication of the resultant number by its reciprocal and then divides it with another variable using integer division
3968: Given three integers 'A', ‘B’ ,and  3rd integer'C'. Return the sum of two numbers
3969: Wrapper around SymPy functions.  Useful to avoid calling the same method multiple times in recursive calls of methods
3970: A function to convert nested lists into one dimensional array using recursion – Flatens the inputted 'nested' or
3971: Convert the float value of an analog input into integer time in microseconds .   [e..]    e=endless
3972: This function looks up the path of an executable file on PATH environment variable and tries to execute it if available else returns none .
3973: Split directory to string.  If the input is '-', return 'mono repo's roots'. Otherwise, just
3974: This function performs left shift operation on the given number.  It shifts all bits of first operand to right by second one
3975: Converts list of tuple to dictionary. Each element represents an option and its value or values associated with it, respectively;
3976: This function rounds the input filter values to an integer value based on certain rules and constraints specified by parameters . The main rule is
3977: Calculates the size of YUV image in bytes. The function calcula... .yvu is used to convert from
3978: Convert table tags to their corresponding abbreviations. If the input is not of correct format, return none – Converts
3979: Convert list of Blocks to List[str] with length information about each string within the textual data contained by these Block
3980: This function takes as input string of comma separated numbers and returns them into an integer list .  It strips the leading/tra
3981: Wraps the given information in angle brackets. This function is used to wrap text within HTML tags, which
3982: Insert the given string before another in source text – one line version of python function to replace all occurrences .
3983: Checks if two regions intersect.  If they do it returns true otherwise false . The function assumes that both input lists are
3984: Returns the highlight colour of an object based on its original color, if it is empty returns nothing else return same as input but
3985: Validates if the input is of type table with exactly 1 row. If not, raises an exception indicating invalid data format
3986: Normalizes the given vector of scores by dividing each value with its corresponding count  Code Description : This function takes as input
3987: This function converts the url into an appropriate key to be used in cache storage or indexing system, e..g.,
3988: Returns the URL of wikipedia conversation corpuses in zip format, based on year inputted by user .  The url is
3989: Create an object with two attributes - 'img' and ‘loc’. The values of these are set to the input
3990: Computes the average of each element before it and returns an array with these averages as elements . The first value is always
3991: Encodes the length of input string into bytes, then encrypts it with AES encryption using key derived from SHA
3992: This function tokenizes the input list of strings into integers or floats if they are digits and leaves them as is otherwise
3993: This function calculates the number of points that are within any given set intervals on an array/list 'span'. The input
3994: Checks if the given value is either Monday, Tuesday etc. 1 represents weekdays and zero otherwise .   # Code
3995: Calculates the Hammings Distance between two strings of equal length"  .   [END OF SUMMARY].
3996: This function sorts the elements of an input string list, separated by commas and returns them sorted as one line with no spaces
3997: Sorts the list of Keys by response and returns first 'k' elements from sorted array .  If there are less
3998: A function to find all the factors of an input number which are also primes numbers . The factorization process starts from smallest
3999: Convert ADC value to moisture level based on soil type and temperature conditions .   # noqas E376 W4
4000: A function that returns an anonymous recursive call. It takes in one argument and applies the given element to it, repeatedly until
4001: Return the base of URI, without any scheme or parameters".format() 	if "://" in str else None .
4002: Defines function to check if string contains only valid characters from given alphabet.  If the input strings are numerals and
4003: Calculates the average Molar Mass of an ionized state.  The formula used is based on mass spectrometry data
4004: This function reformats the trademarke' s information into an easy to read format .  It takes as input dictionary of
4005: A function that tries to execute the given callable. If it fails, returns None instead of raising an exception  Code Example
4006: Sorting possible objects by their attributes. The higher the score, better is an object's attribute matching and its length of
4007: Get the file extension from URLs or local files paths .e..g., "http://example/image" ->
4008: Calculates the percentage of range between two values. 0% if value is below min and above max; otherwise returns fraction
4009: Uncolors the given message by removing ANSI color codes if present in it." 		   }]}}}}}
4010: Produce list of telephone numbers based on the configuration. 	Inputs : Dictionary with keys 'Tels' and values
4011: Generates Slacker message fields from list of strings.  Each string is converted to slacks markdown formatting and added
4012: A function to truncates the given input with ellipse at specified length if it exceeds that limit else returns original text as
4013: Returns whether the request is marked as deleted by any of its cookies. 	Inputs : Request object, Output ->
4014: Returns the string with its initial character capitalized. 	Example usage : "hello" -> Hello,	"world
4015: This function requests the conversion of two units.  The parameters are amount and unit types in string format . It returns request as
4016: Returns true if the first object is to right of second one.  Otherwise returns false .   [OFT_VECT
4017: A function to limit the value of an input within specified range.  If no arguments are provided it will default them as [
4018: Computes the integral of function 'func' over an interval [starting point,' endingpoint] using Trapezoidal
4019: Preserves cover metadata from previous record if it exists in the current one – else uses default values provided by user or defaults
4020: Converts list of Telemtry values to dictionary with attributes. ...		    .format() method is used
4021: Validates if the input is one of 6 eye color codes. Returns True/False based on validation result .   [
4022: Parses the given string into segments based on dot ("."). The second segment is returned as dataset's Index .
4023: This function generates the name of slip datasets based on inputted data set names .  It converts all characters to uppercase
4024: Replaces all occurrences of { and } in the document with @{} respectively .  This is useful when you want
4025: Generates all permutations of the input sequence.  Code is written to be used with Python's builtin itertools
4026: Generates LaTeX representation of an equation based on the formatting function provided by object's .  Returns string in
4027: This function retrieves the first years's performances of an institution from its database and returns them as dictionary with keys "rating
4028: Generates an abbreviated version of the input string, up to two sentences long with ... . If no such shortening is
4029: This function calculates the number of states in spin string. It takes one, two and three character long strings as input which
4030: Builds an object dictionary from the given data. The function is used to create objects of different types based upon their class
4031: This function sets the title of an employee based on their full names, returning one among Mrs., Mr,. Miss or Prest
4032: Get the name of an object. If no folder with given OID exists then return "/".  Otherwise returns its own unique
4033: Convert string representation of boolean values into actual Boolean objects in Python 3 . Code can handle strings like 'True', '' ,
4034: Returns the last 'N' characters from each element if it is an individual character; otherwise returns all elements as they are
4035: Returns the list of all elements that are evenly divided by given number or zero if no such element exists .  If input
4036: Get the first unconditionally ignored tracebacks from an exception object or list of exceptions, if any exist in it .
4037: This function returns the appropriate grouping of people based on their racial and sex characteristics. It takes in two parameters,
4038: Returns the character at index 'index' in inputted String. If it is not possible to get such an element then returns
4039: Returns True if the input is zero, False otherwise. If it's not an integer then returns original value as string else
4040: Returns the arithmetic progression of numbers with given parameters . The first number is always equal to "weight". For each subsequent
4041: Convert parenthesis in the given string to correct formatting and return it as output of function . 	Example : input -
4042: Convert binary tree into list in preorder traversal order"  Code explanation : Converts the given Binary Tree
4043: Convert datetime object to ISO 937 format using python's built in function .strftime() method on the
4044: A function to convert the name of an RGB color into its corresponding hexadecimal representation.  For example, "red
4045: Replace tabs and carriage returns with double quotes in string "st". This function is used to ensure that the input
4046: Determine if the error is fatal based on its content. 0% chance of being non - fatally related, but
4047: Check if the given JSON object matches with provided string. If it does then return true else false . This function is
4048: Resolve the role of user based on their status and other factors like whether they have an active session or not .
4049: Returns the second and third elements of two lists.  The first element is taken from list one; then it's used
4050: Reverse the direction of DNA sequence. If it is +, change to - otherwise keep as .  Code snip
4051: This function runs the lambda application and returns its result or error message in JSON format if it's not successful . If
4052: A function that returns the number of hours in an inputted time period as minutes or seconds depending on whether it is given with
4053: Update parameters of an object with additional params from another dictionary – recursive function to handle nested dictionaries . Params are
4054: Convert the strikes to dip angle. If it is greater than or equal .to  18, return its value plus nine
4055: Get the number of columns in current terminal window or return default value if not set  .   [env]    env -
4056: Truncates the given list to its first 'n' elements. If there are more than n, it keeps only up
4057: Calculates the value of Cg in terms on an object.  The function takes six parameters and returns one number which represents
4058: Check if the given object can be considered as timeranges or timestamps in python . The function will return true only when
4059: Clean the given input string by replacing multiple spaces with single space and removing leading/trailing white spacing from it .
4060: Sort the given list of 'Ship' objects by their size and return them sorted according to provided order parameter . If not
4061: Checks if the operator passed in as an argument matches any of our comparison operators.  Returns True/False accordingly .
4062: Convert parameters to SQL query.  If the input parameter 'dict' then convert it into sql format else return as string with
4063: Convert Binary to Decimals - Function that converts the given string of digits into its decimal equivalent if it is
4064: Return the first 'Channel' object in given context, if exists else None . If there are multiple channels then return
4065: Returns the version of Curly based on its extension. If it's .c or any other language, return 'Unknown
4066: This function rounds the inputted number to two decimal places. If it is less than or equal .to - epsilon then
4067: Perform the one dimensional version of Newtons method to find roots using an initial guess and stopping criteria specified by user defined functions
4068: This function merges overlapping intervals into one interval if possible and sorts the array of nonoverlapped integers by their start
4069: Check if the given path exists as an existing regular or directory, return True when it does and False otherwise .   Code sn
4070: Returns the text of an HTML Tag. 	Inputs : html, str -> returns ,str . The function gets
4071: Normalizes the input text to lowercase, removes non alphabetic characters and replaces spaces with hyphens in titles
4072: Check if the given string starts with "par-" and return True or False. This function checks whether an input parameter
4073: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" +
4074: Check if the given `object's data types & shapes match with expected values – raises an error when they don’
4075: Scales the values within an input data set. This function is used to normalize or standardized numerical inputs by scaling them
4076: A method to find the roots of an univariable function using Falsa Method.  It is used in numerical analysis and
4077: Substitute variables in an expression with their corresponding values from another dictionary of substitutions – one variable at the time
4078: Parses the given list of numbers into two sets - one inclusive with specified ranges/numbers from another exclusive ones
4079: Create dictionary from list of option strings – e..g., ['a', '-b','c'] -> {'--
4080: Convert URLs in Flasks to Swaggers format using regex matching .  If the input is not valid, return it
4081: Generates all possible pairs of coordinates within the range [-3,-4] to [6/7 ,8]. The function